file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: draint easy ad beenusedto do wen he was ad athas cot fre qunto turnimentce
	layer_4: duraint as he had been used to do when he was it out this cout frequento turnements
	layer_6: draint as hehad been used to do when he was at othi's cout frequente ternaments
	layer_8: jraint as he had been used to do when he was at athr's cout frequented turnaments
	layer_10: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented turnaments
	layer_12: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented turnaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: befordurint the scod to the animy i sa steds wite with thm and aftr the showt of battle a feaarful torand
	layer_4: beforedouraint the scod to the enemy i saw steeds white with tfhome and after the shout of battle a farful torent
	layer_6: before deuraint dhe scord do the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a fareful torrant
	layer_8: before geurain't the score do the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before gouraint the scorge o the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before gouraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: thes tihtings came derben
	layer_4: thes tidings camed o arban
	layer_6: these titings came to urban
	layer_8: these tidings came to urban
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: noht ei by my confession un to haven sid hy therews nothing wae ha ful anto me ther this
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there as nothing what haful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wa hatful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there wis nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there wis nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tishe said in the word hodspolk en a wak him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she hd spoken a wa him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken a wokim
	layer_8: ad th tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betied me said he ife thoue returnes tea n til thou nost wiether i ove las my string so complylyh as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evill be tied me said he if thou returnes hear indtill thou nosed whether i havf los my string so complyly as thou dis say
	layer_6: and evill betid me said he if thou returnest her untill thou knost whether i have lost my strengh so complelyas thou dis say
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_10: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dist say
	layer_12: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then jerain went to see erban
	layer_4: then duraint went to se ervan
	layer_6: then jeuraint went to see erbon
	layer_8: then gerant went to see urban
	layer_10: then gerant went to see urban
	layer_12: then gerant went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he and going uponta quast an ime not sertan hen i ma come beck
	layer_4: sir said he ind going upontoquese an iam not certan when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i mayk come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon ha quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed theeirefo unto thiposetions antill myryturon
	layer_4: take hed theiefor un to thy posestions intill my return
	layer_6: take hed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one pressan only wo goat me
	layer_4: but one persant only woll gt me
	layer_6: but one person only will got me
	layer_8: but one person only will go t me
	layer_10: but one person only will goat me
	layer_12: but one person only will go at me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desid en i tomount her house andterid foed in e keeop a longway befohim
	layer_4: and he desied ened to mount her hose andterid fod in tho keep a long way before him
	layer_6: and he deside eaned to mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desigd eenit to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired eana to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired eana to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and a lys i specun to thy say nopt thou one wort e ther
	layer_4: and anless i spekon to the say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and thoug thoushuts desihte a see my tofeet in my deth by the hands erthos men yectowi thel knodret
	layer_4: and though thou shoudts deside a see my to feet in mi death by the hands o those mam yet to wi theel kno d read
	layer_6: and though thou shouts deside e see my defeet in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shoudtst desire to see my defeate in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and e reseeve dhim and that not febly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not febly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: and sa out one word ento me andles i spek first unto the
	layer_4: an sa not one word unto me andless i speak first unto thee
	layer_6: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: an say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i wil do was fir s i can lon said she acorn ing to thi desire
	layer_4: i will do was far as i canloa said she ac coring to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: iu maden said he at is vain to a temperseiting ford
	layer_4: i maden said he it his vaend to attemperceting forwed
	layer_6: i maideon said he at is vein to at temproceeding forward
	layer_8: a maiden said he it is vain to a tempero ceeding forward
	layer_10: ah maiden said he it is vain to a temp proceding forward
	layer_12: ah maiden said he it is vain to a tem proceding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meandrefrain from sleepe to wearinessid he do theoue the irfor washo the hoas as an stleepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any meand refrain from sleep through werignessaid he do thou theirefore wa h the housees and sleepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wach the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wach the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: wencs yoe sel the dont af day apar shellike droundrd a se if hy walwaking in theirpon heu wok
	layer_4: a when hoe saw the done of day a par she loed oirounder o see if hou wele waking an ther upon he wolk
	layer_6: and when she saw the don of day apair she loked around er to see if he were waking and there upon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day appar she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they lef the word in they came to an opancountr with medal's on on hain and mo was moing the meatows
	layer_4: and they left the word in the camed to and open countu with meddls on one han and mo was moing the medows
	layer_6: and they left the wod and they came to an open countur with medalws on one hand and mo as mowing the madows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with medaows on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows
	layer_10: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows
	layer_12: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moe was mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: m lrd he ated wilal be displiasingto the af yas whens thou com hest ason
	layer_4: my lord he added wil a be displeasingto the iff i as wence thou come istalsome
	layer_6: my lord he added will at be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comast all so
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest allso
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foll my councl said the outh an take thy mo fror me
	layer_4: will thou fow o my councele said the youth and take thy meal fo me
	layer_6: will thou fouow my council said the youth and take thy meal frorm me
	layer_8: wilt thou foulow my council said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou foul my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou foul my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sard of mei he ingquied
	layer_4: what sort of mel he enquied
	layer_6: what' sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: than they wased n took ther repast
	layer_4: then they washed and took thei repast
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repased
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i go nowlord staid he to meat the night anto condact him to has ladgin
	layer_4: i go ow lod said he to met the night and to contdact him to his lodging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to condact him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lord said she as thou sayst
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lod said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayst

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and ehtr theyd eagde nen drank drain wen tisleep and soted en id oso
	layer_4: and afer they had eaten an drank draine went to sleep and soted ened also
	layer_6: and affer they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and soted en it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did an it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the dat seem un an pot buthrut the pared the ofesan men of the ship heave bean unry mitingly busy
	layer_4: the dayte seem un anpot but throud the paried the ofes and men of the ship have been unremidtingly busy
	layer_6: the dat seem unimpot but throut the paried the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimpornt but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bous at tac the shipstoos served re lisst in re stod dthem saving ver mushpace by unsto ig nomrs caces and stoing the contans in thelaser et
	layer_4: bous a tackt the shipstos seurvad relist in restoed them saving very muhpace by unstoig numrus cases and stoing the kontense in the lazeret
	layer_6: bows attackd the shipstors surveede relistan a restoed them saving very muh space by unstowing numeous cases and stowing the contents in the lazeret
	layer_8: bows attacked the ships toores surveyed relistanda restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relistend bestowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarete
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relictend bestowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarete

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: bwithout steeame the le conow becept under with the han pon by two darlly e its of a cquarter ofan ouito twenteminets
	layer_4: without steem the le cannow bekept under with the hand pom by two dealy efits of a quarter of an our to twentyminutes
	layer_6: without steam the lea cannow be kept under with the handpump by two darly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two deairly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as ha ship was and n er presen heavily lad in condition would scertainly of takan thretifor ious ache day
	layer_4: as a ship was and an herpresen heavily lade in condition hould certainly of takeond three tofor ous each day
	layer_6: as te ship was and in er present heavily laid in condition i wuld certainly hve taken three to for ias each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily laide in condition it wuld certainlyhave taken three o four houas each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three or four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laide in condition it would certainly have taken three or four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lag greenteant was put up and propasuforts mad fvor
	layer_4: the lge greentent was put up and proposofforts made forte
	layer_6: the lige greentent was put up and propeseo ports made for i
	layer_8: the ladge green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_10: the lage green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_12: the ladge green tent was put up and proper supports made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engerhm stafh an anisas people on the engons sin tis was stoin ther leveirtose  the cokryfitting his galy and seolfooth hoat a singl spougt but had ids band of workrs
	layer_4: the enterom stagf and andicnes people on the engans signtis was stoing their labrtorse the cokryfitting his galy and sef oth lot a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_6: the engroom staff and anisns people on the engins sigetis was stowing their labirtors the cookry fitting his gally and soforth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_8: the engiroom staff and anisn's people on the engines scientics was stowing their labatores the cook rey fitting is galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the enginroom staff and andison's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookryfitting has galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the enginroom staff and annison's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookry fitting is galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the mens bace suchasis theyirforxt ens from thefo hatch the stem on te mandecck
	layer_4: the men space such as tis they aeforkstends from the fore hatche the stem on the maine deck
	layer_6: the men space such as it is they arefor extends from the fourhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undo the forcasslasdalls if fifteen ponies temaxon the spac would hold the norow areagulu spaceond front s pac tat woitdh fuhter
	layer_4: iunder the foecaslar stalles wof fifteen ponieth the maxon on the space would hold the narro arreguluspace and frunt is pack tat with fohter
	layer_6: under the fore castlor stolles for fifteen ponetsh tlhe maxon on the space would hold the narrow irreguluspace ind front is pack tigt with fater
	layer_8: under the fourecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxin on the space would hold the narrow irregulars spase in front is pack tigt with fater
	layer_10: under the forecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies the maxiom the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is pack tight with farder
	layer_12: under the fourecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maximom the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is pack tight with farder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meteluld behind the for caslbolc ade s ta smallbo be heach the onlianges to the men's mesteck an bad wother
	layer_4: metely be hignd the fore caslebolkat is the small bo behach the only enjers to the men's mes tec and bad weather
	layer_6: meeately behind the fore castle bokate is a small boobyhatch the only enjes to the men's mesteck and badweather
	layer_8: immeiately behind the fourcastle boad is a small boubyhatch the only inchest of the men's mesteck ind bad weather
	layer_10: imdiately behind the fourcastle bocade is a small boobi hatch the only incrist of the men's mestic in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the fourcastle bocad is a small boobi hatch the only intrest of the men's mestic in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaf the for hache the as hose
	layer_4: abaf the fore ha ch as the ase hous
	layer_6: abaufh the forehatch is the aisehouse
	layer_8: about the forehatch is the ase house
	layer_10: above the forehatch is the as house
	layer_12: above the forehatch is the as house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: whe minishe gat threet tuns of ace one hunderd sicey to caks es of motten and three cackas as of befe besites om bax of swee breads and cidnes into t hispacs
	layer_4: we mani hou get threet tons of ice one hundred sixly twu caksas of moton and three cakaas of bef besihtesom bok of sweet breds and kid nes into thi space
	layer_6: we manise ou get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cokses of motton and three couses of bef beside some boxes of sweetbreads and kinees into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two coxses of mutoin and three cocases of beef beside some boxs of sweet breads and kitneys into this space
	layer_10: we manage to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of muttin and three cocases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three cocases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mentening thiss last at ito the goods alrid imentiond make ar really havy dec cago and one has natculy axeous concerning ont but arery thing ther com be don by lashing an scuring has bendon
	layer_4: the sax cntending this last at i to the goods alradymentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one as naturaly axtious concerning t but every theing the con be done by lashing and scuring has ben done
	layer_6: the sax contanding this last addidt to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturaly anxious concerning it but everything tht can be done by lashing anddscuring has been done
	layer_8: the saxs contanding this last addi to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and dscuring has been done
	layer_10: the sax containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and scuring has been done
	layer_12: the sax containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forage irigaly orte therty tuns of comprest ot ain ha from melbon
	layer_4: forige i rigily outed thirty tons of compresst ot and ha from melbon
	layer_6: forige i iorigially oarded thirty tons of compressed oatan hay from melbone
	layer_8: foriche i origially ouded thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbone
	layer_10: forigh i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbone
	layer_12: forigh i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seenm is holly inchanting an such a vew from son shelted suny corner in agad which blae with mases of rea in goldand flous tenstefelingsof   in thexpressibal satas factr with all thinse
	layer_4: the seene is wholy enchanting and such of view fom sone shelted suney corner in agoden which blaes with masces of reading goldn flous tens ta feelings of  in thexpressible sat is facton with all things
	layer_6: the seeme is wholy in chanting in such a view fom some shelted sunny corner ind a goden which blazes with masses of read ang golden flows tens to feelings of inexpressibale satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowes tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a greate masapeople sembled
	layer_4: great mass of peoplas sembled
	layer_6: a great massof people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunct wirt the padiin thenm sul compeny ship wrepowho
	layer_4: can i lunce with e pardying the sealn company ship repeh
	layer_6: can i lunch with the party ing the dseal nd companyship rupeho
	layer_8: ka and i lunch with tae party in the zeal nd companiyship rupeho
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal an companyship rupahoo
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal an companyship rupehoo

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: telad ram to say tave e nover had ar rie sonedy night
	layer_4: tel id ram to say ter noveer had arives sundi night
	layer_6: teliram to say terrinovarhead arrivse sundy night
	layer_8: telegram t say taronova had arised sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say taronova had arised sunday night
	layer_12: telegram te say teronova had arised sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a thirdsledged an te cross e brake o the poopenis pace heithe to arkupid by the afterwinch
	layer_4: a thirdslegetands ocross th brake of the poop en espace hei the two olkupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledgetands across the break of the poop and tet space heir the two occupied by they after winch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space herthe to occupied by the after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in tha space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the qantitiuse to ane have tuns and he space ocupi conciderble
	layer_4: the quaneitius to ina have tons andth space ocupyd considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to in a halfe tons and the space occupid considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two an half tuns and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship as ov a two feet by the sturn but dis wll suon be remidyed
	layer_4: the ship was of a two feet by the sturn but this will soon be remityed
	layer_6: the ship was ovea two feet by the stern but this will soon be remityed
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perfoust bechained up and thy r given what sheltrs the fort ed ondeck but ther position is note enviabl
	layer_4: they must perfose be chained up and they agivent whath sheltrs a forted on deck but theire position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must purforce be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelteris afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they hare given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: it is appa theat i aittod deply signiffican of cold ind misery casionly somepor bes amits a long put thaticine
	layer_4: it his a petheti atitude deeply signifficen of cold and misery casiuonly somepore besomitsa long put thatic ine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic atitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionlly some poor besemits a long patheticwine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionally some poor beas umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts ubmits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beasts submits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there a genly oneta to one watch which eases mattrs but it is he squash
	layer_4: ther ia genaly onet two one watch which easas mattes but it is a sqush
	layer_6: there are genealy wane ed too on watch which easas matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are geneally anted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: lader in the day the won his vehad to the west waldhadting a slihely
	layer_4: lader in the day the win his vead to the westwouod headting as slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his veaid to the westwood heating us slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind as veid to the westwoaod heatting us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind is vered to the westword heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind is veered to the westwoard headding us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otan aconson with intemintinessistencrormothers wor bus y keeping the pones on thi legs
	layer_4: otsan aconson with intermetines sistance frmothers were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oas and aconson with intermitn asistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akinson with intermitend assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and ackenson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to graplewith the evile in neally all he ands wle labring fo hous in the wait i tho ship heving col sacso board and  re lasing the petualcacses sedera in he best man uposible and ta such div ircalt and dangeres sicumsences
	layer_4: therewas nothing forit but to graple with the evil in neally all hands wilel laiboring for hous in the waithe to the ship heaving cole sacxoeaboard and relashing the petural cases setera in the best man upossible un de such differcult and dangers sircumsances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grappl with the evil and nearly all hands wele labring for hours in the wait of the ship heaving cold sexs overbord and relashing the petral cases setera in the best man apossible unter such difficult and dangers circumcances
	layer_8: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sack oveboard an relashing the petrial cases cetera and the best man ir possible under such difficult and dangerous circumsances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waists of the ship heaving coald sacks overboard and relashing the petrial cases cetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coald sacks overboard and relashing the petral cases etcetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semplencs of oterestod d an csome exceptionly havey wie would tareway the lasiong an the work adto bedont allov vergin
	layer_4: no sone was some sembplence of aurter restod and some exceptionaly havywave would tarway the lashing and the work had to be dont all over again
	layer_6: no soono was some sempblance of oder restored tan some exceptionaly heavywave would tereway the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of orderestored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment abot fory am the engr became thi sentr ofv interest
	layer_4: from this moment about for i am the enderomn became heth sentr of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for i am the enjroom became thee centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about four i m the engrom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four  m the engioom became the center of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four i m the enginoom became the centr of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat againd hispyte of everieft
	layer_4: the wat againe thi sbite of every efit
	layer_6: the wada gaine i spite of every effit
	layer_8: the wada gaine in spite of every efft
	layer_10: the water gained in spite of every effot
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look apaad grems
	layer_4: the out look a pard grems
	layer_6: the outlook af peared grims
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grims
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grims
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grims

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mont of wadewers as bing made with the ship so ru lhy handed was most an sertan
	layer_4: they mount of wate whuchas being made with the ships so rufly handled was most un sertain
	layer_6: the mount of water which was being made with the shipso rughtly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: wiell inms had to confesshi was beeten in mus tdrafis what was a be don
	layer_4: williums had to confesshye was beaten an must dra ies what was to be done
	layer_6: williums had to confeschy was beaten and must drawf eyes what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw eys what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten and mustdraw feyes what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw feyes what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the boitd pompes tepended on the main engion
	layer_4: the builte prombrs depended on the maine engon
	layer_6: the builte propers depended on the main engon
	layer_8: the bilts prompers depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the bil's prompire depended on the main engine
	layer_12: the bill's prompise depended on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on oneicagion i was wasteep en standing on the rall of the fo
	layer_4: on one occasion i was waceteep enstainding on the ral of the po
	layer_6: on one occasion i was way tsteep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was west deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_10: on one occasion i was waste deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_12: on one occasion i was waste deep when standing on the rail of the poo

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the eftrgod were organ isd ind to pd his by ev ans to work bucets the men wae cap stedly going o the chodhandpoms the seeme dawl ther cold bedown the moment and woe ameged o count os the sol saf cat of the shipe from sinking prategaly an atemp to beyilar out
	layer_4: the aftergod wiere organized andtwo podies by evens to work buckets the men wute kap stedily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the culd be done for the moment and wone a meged o count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking pratigly in a tempt to bail ar out
	layer_6: the aftergod were organized in two poties by evons to work buckets the men woere kept steaily going on the choked hand pumps thi seemed all thet culd be done for the moment and woate a megie to count as the soul safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attempt to baile ar out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steaily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all tht ould be done for the moment and ate a meagure to count as the sol safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two podies by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked handpumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bail or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two podies by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safe god of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: a cagionly a heavey sey would bar one of the moway and he was anly say by has chain
	layer_4: a casinly a heavy see would bear one of the moway and he was only sav by as chan
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy see would bear one of the maway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionaly a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: nowthisas hou other hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how ather hunded the stag
	layer_6: now this is how athor hunded the stag
	layer_8: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las dodit was let los was a favrc doga ather cove ol was his neme
	layer_4: an the last dogetit was let luse was a favorite dogaf ather cov all was his name
	layer_6: an the last dogedtat was let loose was a favorite dog of athor kaval was his name
	layer_8: and the last dog that was let loose was a favorite dog of athur kaval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog that was let loose was a favorite dog of authur kaval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog that was let loose was a favorite dog of aurthur kaval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sund of the det horn foa slaying an tey olgathid rud
	layer_4: then they sound of the deathhorne foa slaying an the algathed rout
	layer_6: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathed rout
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one whishet hat ish begivento the lady best belove by him and ano therto the ady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wishd that i ho begivento the lady best be loved by him and anow that to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it shul be givento the lady best be loved by him and anothet to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it huld be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftermi da they be held an un shaply litlman uponihouse and afto hime a da mor damsle alsolone hoasback and apto her annighte of lidge statur bou down an hangg s had lo an sorfoully aen clad in brokn and woarth lis hammer
	layer_4: and after mad day they be held an unshaply little man upon ahose and after him a dame ore damsal alsoone hospeck and after her unight of lige statcure bou down anhanging his head lo and sorrwfully an clat in broken and worthliss ammer
	layer_6: and after midday they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or damsel also one hoseback and after her a night of lige stater bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless hammor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dam or damsel also on horseback and after her a night of lage statur bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless amor
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not who they oa said he but i ko said gone over thisus then nightwhom jeran pesud and me thing that he coms nott er y ais on fre will
	layer_4: i kno not who they a said he but i kno said guoene ofer this s the night whom juraint pasuode and meh things that he come's not hear by his own fre will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guen ofer this is the night whom juraint parsud and me things that he comes not her by his own frewill
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the night whom geraint pursuit and mee things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevor this is the knight whom geraint pursuied and me things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevor this is the knight whom goraint pursued and me thinkgs that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: butjuraint ars of atakenim in avengy in sulto he maden to the utermost
	layer_4: but juraintes of atakenim in avengehy insul to them maden to the utermost
	layer_6: but juraint his ovartaken hm in avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but geraint as overtaken him and avenge the insult of the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerant has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gorante has overtaken him and avenged the insult tof the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he atd the gae ther was a nighte nd i son never aman of so putifi an aspecto look uponas he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the is a night and i son never a man of so pitiful and aspecto look upon as e
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he he tels me that he his etterin the some ofe nod
	layer_4: i do said he e tells me that he is etteran the some of nod
	layer_6: i do said he hou tells me that he is ederin the som of nd
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is eteran the sun of noud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nood
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nood

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then shery plid i no him not
	layer_4: hen she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gone ofer wen to tega to mete him and he entered
	layer_4: sogone of er went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so gone ofer wen to the gate to meat him and he entered
	layer_8: so guanovar went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so genever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so guenevert went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and deran greeats thy well and ngreeating the he compeld me d a comeither to do thi pleasje fol h insout which thie maden recei from the d waf no wedid e of artakelhe
	layer_4: and duraind greeat the well and engreading the he compeld me d a comeher ther to do thoyg pleasrfur the insought which thy  maden receive from the dwaff no wertid he ov a take thy
	layer_6: and duraint greets the well and engreeding the he compelld me to come her ther to do thy pleasure for the insulht which thy made nd received from the dwaff no wher did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and durant greets the well and ingreeting the he compelled me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidnd receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durent greets the well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durant greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf nor where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sersaid she when think us dou that jurandt will be ha
	layer_4: sir said she when think astou that juraind will be her
	layer_6: sir said she when think estou that jurained will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerant will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that gurainde will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that gurainde will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: to m arlasma thin cu be her wat the matn
	layer_4: to oralay my thin ou ial be her with the maten
	layer_6: to morlay  i think you will be here wit the maton
	layer_8: to morrow lady i think you will be herewit the maiten
	layer_10: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_12: to morrow lady i think you will be here with the maiten

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lod said he and have met with much truble an reseeved woms unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lod said he and i have met with much trouble iand received woons unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: welhaell outhere fowhat i herit bewhos gever to be mrusful to ds thy
	layer_4: well sallougther fom what i here at behoese gunver to be mersful tords thee
	layer_6: well sill auther from what i heare it bewhose guiniver to be mersful toards thee
	layer_8: well sill ather from what i hear it behoves guinnever to be mercful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guinver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tall arthur from what i hear it behooves guiniver to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the morse which thoud desaris lod said she willigran to him sinceidisas esulting to the that an insult sued be offrd to me asto thiyself
	layer_4: the mersey which thou desiris lod said she will i grant to him sincei isas nsulting to thee that an insult should be offed to me as to theyself
	layer_6: the mersy which thou desirous lod said she will i grand to him since it is as insulting to the that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desiroeus lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desires lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus walol be best to dos sad other let this main have mt e acar antill o be knon whetherg he ma li
	layer_4: thus willa be best to dots said outher let this man have meadical care antill it be known whether he may limv
	layer_6: thus wil i be best to doce said ather let this man have metical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to welv er rn er hand mivdeen sid hy
	layer_4: to guetoveer aner hand maden said he
	layer_6: to guet of her on her hand madeen said he
	layer_8: to guot of her in her hand maidden said he
	layer_10: took wot of her in her handmaiden said he
	layer_12: took ot of her in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the strte o the houshol so oarded her
	layer_4: and the stode o the househol so orded her
	layer_6: and the stoe of the househole so orded her
	layer_8: and the stute of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stude of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stude of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being yowng hechaged himself and gro to hate the sin that seemed so lake s on of modred ot thes nefyu and fellat last in the greadt battle fihing for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and gro to hate the sin that seemed so like is one of madred ot his neew and fellet last in the great battle fiting for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred otha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ate's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred attha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred attha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: indwen derian camedto the place wad one ofver was yhe solteter
	layer_4: and when juran came to the place woig one of her was he soluteder
	layer_6: andwhen juran came to the place wig went of her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when jeran came to the place where enof er was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when dorane came to the place where wenever was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when doren came to the place where weniver was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they went in in dhismounted
	layer_4: than they wenty in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went in indismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: haven prtac thy tad ather and the walkm of haven be unto thy
	layer_4: heaven protac thy said ather and the walkme of heavene be unto the
	layer_6: heaven protect the said ather and the walkme of heaven be untor thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and ind is much is thou hasedvankquorsh edneran the sone of nod thou has had a prospros ciria
	layer_4: and in his much is though hasd vanquishd ednuran the sone of knod thou has had a prosperos coria
	layer_6: and in is much as thou has vanquishd edniron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_8: and in asmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that tim ot became is wife
	layer_4: and from that time hot became as wife
	layer_6: and from that time should became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: an he madend took uperabod in he paus and she had many companions both menen woman and the was no maten more steemed hand she in the ilin t o briatn
	layer_4: and the madent took ap erabod in the pouse and she had many companions both menin woman and the was no maiten more steemed and she in the island of briten
	layer_6: and the maidont took up her aboat in the palse and she had many companioncs both men an women and they was no maidtn more steemed han she in the island of britteon
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abot in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and he yeare and a secknd ana third he preceeted thus and til his faine had flon ofver the face of the kindom
	layer_4: and a yer and aseckond ana third he proceeted thus untill his fain had flone over the face of the king dom
	layer_6: and a year and a second anathird he proceeded thus until his fain had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fagne had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greets the wel has an unkls shu gret is neff u and as e vasl shoul gret his lod
	layer_4: and he greeats the well as an unklshould gred is neg yoeu and as a vaslo should great his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncle should greed is nefew and as a vastle should greet his lod
	layer_8: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the hey bringchieve nowing miss sgrowinceelentord him and covit is land and posessins
	layer_4: and the nei bring chief s knowing thissgrowincselen toaid him and cov it his land an posessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow incelen twart him and covert his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighboring chiefs knowing nhiss grow incolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe told durind te case of the mision an of the coming of tlhe abasites to him ut of conwal truly said juraint be it to mid ivantigoo dis atvenige lod i wil do ar cotin to thi wel concerningthassempisy
	layer_4: and othe told urant the cause of the mistion and of the coming of the embacites to him out of conwall truly said uraint be at to mi itventago dicatvenage lod i will do accodingto thy will concerningth semposy
	layer_6: and outhe told yourant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbassites to him out of conwall truly said juraint bei to myadvantage o disatvanage lod i will do accoting to thy well concerning the sempacy
	layer_8: and otha told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassatos to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_10: and atha told your aiunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said gurant be it to my advantage or disadvantaged lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_12: and atha told your aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of konwall truly said gurant be it to my advantage our disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discuse said guoneover do y hehabetween knyou
	layer_4: what dis course said gueneover to i hea be tween you
	layer_6: what discourse said guenovher do i hear between you
	layer_8: what discouse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said durant i thin kicioul haveanogh of noht od with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said duraint i thin i siall have a nough of knighte hod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said juraint i think i shall have enough of nighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_10: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_12: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they sat forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti see in afara hose gurning tod steseveren
	layer_4: and never was this seeng a faira hoset gourning towaud s e severen
	layer_6: and never was this seen a faira host journeying towards a severegn
	layer_8: and never was thee seen a faire host journeying towards the severign
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards h severeign
	layer_12: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards e severeign

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saeidte jurient iame a feble in a nageed men and wilst i was able to maentain the de means for the inf a myself i ditdso
	layer_4: and he said tod juraint i am a feeble in anagid man and wilst i was able to maintain the deminanes for thee in fa myself i did so
	layer_6: and he said to durant i am a feeble in an aged man and walst i was able to maintain the demenins for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to gurant i am a feeble an an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to gorent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to gorent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and there one ast that whach she desited
	layer_4: and theere ene ase that whach she desited
	layer_6: and every one asked that which he desided
	layer_8: and every one asked that which she desided
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which he desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they wanot long n giving so egr was every onedo busto gis aind of those o camedo askufs nond u poted un sad is fid
	layer_4: and they wol not longand giving so eaka was every one to besto gis and of thosewho came to askifs none u pot d unsat is fide
	layer_6: and they wol not long nd giving so eaga was every one to besto giffts and of those who came to askiffs none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they werd not long an giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depoted unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depoted unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: thenderains n ebass to the men of conwa to as thmess
	layer_4: then urains endabasses to the men of corn wial to aske themiss
	layer_6: then uraints and imbasses to the men of cornwile to asklhemiss
	layer_8: then jurante s end embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_10: then jurante send embassas to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_12: then jurante send embassars to the men of cornwall to ask themiss

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that a would be the fonece of joriun onr to themfor jurain to comin receev their omenge
	layer_4: and they al said that it would be the fullese of joioun onar to them for jeraint to comon receiv their armege
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joan hono to them for juraint to come an receive their omage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of jo and honour to them for gjeraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for gerant to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for gerant to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: sol he reseee the amege of such as wre thear
	layer_4: so he receeve the amage of such as were thire
	layer_6: so he received the ommage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the deay aftr te follows of ather antene de goway
	layer_4: and the day af er the followas of oather intened to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of athur antended to go way
	layer_8: and the day after the followrs of athur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and tember o other dats wer obsero oithe critin churach i tverious tims is the irte aogesesthe gos was gif not date and abear to be quigt and certen relly ignear abotit
	layer_4: and tember o other dates we observed wit the crichion church of verious times as thae birt tey objesesthe goss was give no date and a pear to be quit and sertain really egnurd aboat it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed wit ha chritian church of verious times as the birtty objesus the goss was give no date and appear to be quite undcertain really ignord about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed wete a christian church af various times as the birtta ofbjesus the goss was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignored about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed oth a christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the goss was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignornt about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed woth a christian church at various times as the birtday of jesus the gos was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignornt about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: hy ifpthere is no evidin sthe he was borne a that da
	layer_4: hy et there is no evidincs they he was bornl that day
	layer_6: yef there is no evidence thay he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: wmyt is iscreckmen se ain historcle dounent to sa nohing abouinsporation
	layer_4: wight is discreckment cehe in te his storcale document to say nothing about in speration
	layer_6: wigt is discretmensy in th his storical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: whyd his discrepency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why dhis discrepmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why dhis discrepmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: agim mat eu says that to ecae the ebld hisinds of haried marin joset withe infen jeses flat into egit loups ays nothing abouthis hered fliht nor of harids intantion tokilty infan the sia
	layer_4: agin matyu says that to xcape thae ebled edsinds of herid mary in josife withe infent geses flet into egipt luks as nothing about his heari flight nor of har its intantion to kill the infan decir
	layer_6: again matu says that to exscape the ebile designs of herid mary injosiv with the infant jesus fled into egypt luks has nothing about this hurred flight nor of harods intantiong to kil the infant decia
	layer_8: again matheu says that to escape the ebil designs of herid mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lukeas nothing about this huried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessia
	layer_10: again mathew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intension to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_12: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of harod's intension to kill the infant dessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: bon h coumnet the mor importain chapfpors abeeses wenme wi guiter tifficultes
	layer_4: bhon lhe cone to the more emportan chapers aboutjesis wem met with guiter tifficulties
	layer_6: bhen lwe come to the more important chapers about jesis we met with guitar difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jesuhs we meet with gueatter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: why s allays on u fridy that the couusficties commimeraded the weakin wich the day accurs very em ure te yeare
	layer_4: whel is albays onap frida that the cruseficties commimorated the weakeon which the day accurris very frmegour do year
	layer_6: wil is always on a friday that the crusfictin s commimorated the weakin which the day occurrs veries from gear to year
	layer_8: whilei is always on up friday that the crusviction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies fro yar to year
	layer_10: while it is always on a friday that the crucefiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucefiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: gid fridy fls not before thispren ecrinnonks but as son ator thispren iqlenons as the folr mon lels thus making tha caculationto opain up on thepoition of the sn nd hizoldiac and the fas of themon
	layer_4: good frada falls not before thispring egquenoxs but as soon af r tisprin equien oncs as the ful moon lous thus making the caculation to depin up on the position of the sn ind ezoltiec and the faes of the moon
	layer_6: good friday falls not before the spring equanoxs but as soon aftr the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the caculation to depin upon the position of the sun an the zotiec and the faces of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after th spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodie and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring iquinox but as soon after the spring iquinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the paken o ster has re come te criston ester
	layer_4: the paken o stario has become tecristian easter
	layer_6: the pacen asteria has become the cristian easter
	layer_8: the pacan oustyria has become the christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan austeia has become the christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austelia has become the christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: tbut in the aptins of evieens ordin offers a follyi mith ains cl argumens egincis gepticalselses one
	layer_4: but in the apstain s of evidence organ offers of folly medif is col arguments iginsis gepticaselses one
	layer_6: but in the abstiencs of evidence orgint offers of foll n medipisihal arguments againstiskeptical celses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence orgent offers of follyg metephyicical arguments against theceptical selses one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers tof follyi metaphysical arguments against thceptical selses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers tof folly metaphysical arguments against thceptical selses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are tom have inin natholagat all he seems to ar u wh ajec to atding tlit the mis on jeses
	layer_4: if we are to have anyg mothollogt all he seems to ar you why abjec to ading to it the mis of gieses
	layer_6: if we are to have any methologite all he seems to aurgue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mytholog at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: te emidit companins of geses appear to be on meother hand as miftigolas he is indselfe
	layer_4: the amidit companons of jeases appeare to be on tether hand as miftteigleas he is hmself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on thother hand as mithtgl as he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on theother hand as mytical as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mayou ir was mar
	layer_4: who was mat you who was marp
	layer_6: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: ho were jeone peter jutuse and mery
	layer_4: who were jn peter judus and mery
	layer_6: who were john peter jutis and marry
	layer_8: who were john peter judus and mary
	layer_10: who were john peter judus and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: ther is atitly no evinin sthat thy evrexistet
	layer_4: there is abptiuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abtiately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is aptutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is absoutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absoutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peter everwin tho rown with ha hiw doccron howse at that now historyi in hes take annot ofe him
	layer_4: if peeter ever went to ron with anew dockron howse at that no his storyiin has takea not of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rone withthe new docrin howse at that no historian has takee note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with tha new docrine how s it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with he new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with the new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: heragan we she thu presan sof a mish
	layer_4: he egan we se the presentce of a mith
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of amith
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of amyth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the ai a ho sathem
	layer_4: he was the oly hone ho soawthem
	layer_6: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peeter pall jon james juis a hepythe stage on mol iscousively
	layer_4: teter pall jon james jutius ackhepothe stage an mos excusively
	layer_6: peter pau john james judis ockep a the stage almos excusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judis occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is imcposle toxplan waythecontimprards of geses the athers inthe his stor in sef theis time you not takt notis of him
	layer_4: it is impossl to xplain whi ther conthimpraries of jeses the authers in the his stori an s of this time ou not take notis of him
	layer_6: it is impossble to explain why ther contemporaries of jesus the authors and the hisstoriancsuf thes time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thse time dou not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: fou they had beein n a consper ce hainsthim
	layer_4: four they had beeinina conspercy aginsthim
	layer_6: for they had beein in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspiercy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: howuss his i man in a sinset bicouendfor
	layer_4: howusas hi ts e nanin as s encsd b acaed for
	layer_6: how ls as hi is enananm oassollence to be accoulent for
	layer_8: how els is hithis enanimous scilence to be accounted for
	layer_10: how else is ithis unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how else is ithis unanimous silence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how thend a we tod desied  which ather  nemorus canidits for thivvine hone should be giman arboats
	layer_4: how thend are we to decide which ather anuwm merus kendits for devind honor should be givman ourvoats
	layer_6: how then are we to decide which efther a numerous kennedets for divine honors should be giveen our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which f the anumerous kennedets for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which thenumerous kennedats for divine honours should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which the numerous kennedats for divine honours should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a fave is nev er free i his always mang tame b t a sord now and by hel for her aftern
	layer_4: and such a fate is never free it is always main tam but a sord now and by helt far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always main taine but a sword now and by hel far here after
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but a sword now and by hel far hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but he sword now and by hell far hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by hell far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yt the moset im posl utternc es er pluting his mout
	layer_4: yet the most im possl uddernc is are ptain ud is mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossiul utderances are puton ju dus mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin juus mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are puttin duos mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are putting dudos mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: on lh imithi coldedus coldvrcualy hand ove the goma tevers to ourtrs ho hav potations to pressipon his atention
	layer_4: only amithiculedes couldvertually hand overtha goerma  evers tocorters who have petations to pressupon his attention
	layer_6: only amihical jsus couldvertually hand over the goerm af the evers to corters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus coul virtually hand over the govermn of the evers to qoarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the governmnt of the evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: mor over evf detus col keep his prommeuse there would beto day no misrin the world no orfens no ch iled dus mothers no shippprieks no flus no famans no t ises no cripled children now n sandy no woars no cime no ron
	layer_4: more over iv etous could keep his promus there would be to day no misery in the world no orfans no child us mothers no shiparects no floods no famens no iseas no cripled children no in nity no wars no crime no rong
	layer_6: moreover if usus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no child us mothers no ship reks no floods no famons no tizeease no cripled children no incenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insnity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphanes no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphanes no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: hav hes prair s bhen ansered
	layer_4: havees praris ben answered
	layer_6: haves prayer as been answered
	layer_8: havhe's prayer has been answered
	layer_10: have hi's prayers been answered
	layer_12: have he's prayers been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: howmy self t lytrv profatcs thes extraving at claims ef produst
	layer_4: howae self taluad profatce these extravingat clames have paroduct
	layer_6: how aneself delee propfitce these extravingant claims have produced
	layer_8: how any self deluted propits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluded prophits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluded prophits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: and who kaon numwere the bieerges ufpoante ets cas bysichiinpospl promises
	layer_4: and who can number the bier eusuf pointements caused by such an posspl promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bter dus oppointments caused by such in possibl promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sang whichaprachires of to day give he paried his ans with many words andat link said a the pomesce was we taking whith to prvision that whil we ast for would egivmen ive gy tht for auguod
	layer_4: the sang which ap pratures of to daya give he paried his ance with many words and at leink said at the promis was we taking with the provision that whil we ast for would be given ivf got thoughet for a good
	layer_6: the sang which tha prachres of to day  give he pared his anse with many words and at lenkt said that the promise was retaken with the provision that whal we asked for would be given ife god though it for our good
	layer_8: the sang which ta preachers of to day give he parried his answr with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the sang which appreachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the sang which a preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: prt he said if hye asetling a my name i will do it and if it werenot so i woud have toldgyou
	layer_4: put he said if you askentthiyg an my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if you ask enthing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask aything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: that he not mn jus wher he said
	layer_4: that he not mean just what he said
	layer_6: did he not men just whet he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just whete he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: selvf efert and not praire is a rimyagains ignencs slavery poverty an mor decgridation
	layer_4: self effort and not prair is a ramidt agains egnerence slaveory poverty ind morl degridation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is a rimied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is a remied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remiie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remiie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbeterman not alliggei now if it his possible the ho tro ha bout eses but alsedto communitcate that truge fu others
	layer_4: but i am be terma not oliygeo kno if it is possible the ho trueth about jeses but alsoe to communicate that trut throuhothers
	layer_6: but i am be termid not only to know if it is possible the hoe truth about jesis but also to communicate that truth hroug others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whoe truth about jesus but also to communicate that trut throg others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth trough others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth throgh others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but there is mor of a morl taonic an the opeen an caned discustion of a subdoth lie the one in hand then in the mote tute oplalities
	layer_4: but there is more of a morol tonic an the open encaned discusion of a subjeth like the one in hand then in the multitute o platiteds
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open and candta discussion of a subjecs like the one an hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moratonic ind the open and candi discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in  multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i nevere daliver  lecture in which ad o not g had d reakelyt ore inderecly gif foone frake presion t my fafe and erverething thaes worli offace
	layer_4: i never teliver a lecture in which ido not githa drekely or inderecky gife foullun fr ekxspreion to my fafe in everything thaes worly offath
	layer_6: i never delive r a lecture in which i do not git a drecktly or inderectly giv full indfr expression to my fathe in everything thas worly o faith
	layer_8: i never delive or a lecture in which i do not gitet directly or indirectly give full and fre expression to my faith and everything that is worly of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not githert directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith ind everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not geither directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if ad i not bolenvandaogma is be caus i bleavan fetem
	layer_4: if ido not beleven dogma is because i blieveen fredom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i belie in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars dow bo hes not bldut is in other crisseson oa but my work it is not tro
	layer_4: oh he tarrs down but he's not builed up is anotheur criss isn about my work it is not tru
	layer_6: oh he tars down but he's not builled up is another chrisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he s not build up is another chrticism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: now pratur aprat is moar con structive
	layer_4: no prature appreat is more anstructive
	layer_6: no prachure af prec is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher appreach is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a preach is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a preach is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: classhrin truthan jail gagin the mouf of the stouont is ate buildy n upertaring d own
	layer_4: classerin truth an jal gaging the mou fof the stoond is at buildin u rtaring down
	layer_6: classring truth ina jail gagging the mouth of the stunnt is that building up or taring down
	layer_8: classring truth an a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: claspering truth nd a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: claspering truth nd a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brenal lid a new torch to and creace o liy of the world wot las his fwoeword the stak
	layer_4: when brinnal lid anew trch to endcreased a ly of the world what was is fe word the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel lihed a new tortch to increased a lie of the world what was is ferord the stake
	layer_8: when brinnaol lihed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his ferard the stake
	layer_10: when brynno lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his forroard the stak
	layer_12: when brynnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his forroard the stak

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: caontyour rigtes plticle religus sotial intiolectiual antely which af thim was cokred forou bythe preast
	layer_4: count yourites poltcol religioes social intolectiual antellmy which of them was cokred for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rites politicl religious social intellectal an tell me which of them was concered for youm by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: al wih a tello something
	layer_4: i wich a tell you something
	layer_6: i wichto tell you something
	layer_8: i wish to tell you something
	layer_10: i wish to tell you something
	layer_12: i wish to tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe firs tlless beimpersinal tbe ipetits eurreverent glasoer aiest and infoidil a flong at a man not ferompity befrom inby
	layer_4: tet first less be impersonal te appathits irreverent glasfamr aihtiest and infitel a flung at a man not from pity betfrom invy
	layer_6: tet first less be impersonal the epethits ir reverent glasfemer aihthiest and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from inve
	layer_8: but first less beimpersonal the ipithets irreverent glasumer atheest and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but first lus be impersonal the ipithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but first ltus be impersonal the ipithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: nont haven t e curiagor the indistry of ar neber who works lice of bisy be in the world o minin boks sercing withthe swet of his brou for the rill bread of life whey in te openpage ofor him with his ters pusento the we houers the night his quest and mad bitha farst of al lovs the le of truth we ese are own indelent conchence fba king him naimes
	layer_4: not havigte curage or the indistry of our nigbour who works like of busy be in the world o min en books scerching with a sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whelt in the open page offored him with his ters pusi into the we houers fthe night his quest and matad but a fariset of all loves the love of truth we ease are own indelent conscience by calind him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neghbour who works like a busy be in the world of min and books searching with ha swead of his brow for the real bread of life whent hin the open page afored him with his tears pushing into the wee hours f the night his quest and madeed but the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease oure own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wheth in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the wea hours f the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whethin the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wea hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whethin the open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wea hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as  a proath to sity i herd bellsranging and la later i fhown the streat sto ster with throngs of welldrest people in famnla groups whyn din thei way hither in tither
	layer_4: as i aproase to city i hard bells ringing and aloa latr i foun the streetst o stir with throngs of welldrest people in famnly groops whinding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approce tho city i heard bells ringing and ali later i found the streets o stir with throngs of well dresse people in family groups winding their way hither an tither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and litle later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard e bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: lokin a bowt me i sawdgentlment inneet blact dress smilim and his han ext ininto me ofh great qurdality
	layer_4: looking about me i sowgentlment in aneat black dress smilimg and his han extininto me with great cuardgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemant in a neet black dress smiling and his hand extened to me with great cuorgiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he miust of rilas tous i strandgur and wishtu tiner his hos biteley timmy i ee ceped at grafuly i clasp rhis hand he prest mime
	layer_4: he must a reallased ou as astranger and wishd yru tinder his hosbataltey to me i exceptaed iat greatefully i clased his hand he presst mime
	layer_6: he must have relized i was a stranger and wishd youtendr his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed formo mat sliht lintoee do thersse
	layer_4: we gazed for a momets lightleainto e eo therseyse
	layer_6: we gazed for a moments lightly into ea other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moments lightly into eachother's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of cour syo regoin their too i said to my ferimly gid
	layer_4: of cours you re going their too i said tomy frenly gied
	layer_6: of course you are going theire two i said to my friently gide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i connoke the worshio i am appreased
	layer_4: yes hanswered i cannook the worsho i am apprest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuk the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i connuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: an ihdl i wis ered takgin messupprise
	layer_4: an idal i wisred tagan bessapprise
	layer_6: an idole i wisered taken bessurprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered takin besurprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taking by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taking by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wre sh a got theadi not exist
	layer_4: they were shae god tha id not exist
	layer_6: they were ship god that did not exist
	layer_8: they worship god that did not exist
	layer_10: they worshipe god that did not exist
	layer_12: they worshipped god that did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: tut the g reaks love their gods aprotisted my har claumea my brest
	layer_4: thut the greieks leve their godes oprotisted myt hear clan ra my bresst
	layer_6: but the greeks loved their gods ipprotested my heart clamrin my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamery in my breast
	layer_10: bhut the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clammourd in my breast
	layer_12: bhat the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clammord in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: now i said in a lo oics
	layer_4: no i said in a lowvevoice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itl thin and not a got
	layer_4: he was an idl thin and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idole then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i mait ath ant o se of liht i cratd the bful the tru the gourd yes ar ligin wasdeifvine
	layer_4: i made athin to see of light it created the beaful the tru the good yes are ligin wasdivine
	layer_6: it made athen to see of light it created the beatful the true the good yes oure religion was divin
	layer_8: it made athen ta see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: thet had only on folt in tr otr my gid whit was that
	layer_4: tha had only one faulght in trokedo my gid what was that
	layer_6: thit had only one fault andtroeden my guide what was that
	layer_8: iti had only one fault andtroped n my guide what was that
	layer_10: it had only one fault incroked i my guide what was that
	layer_12: it had only one fault incroped in my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i ae quired bithout nowine whet his ansowald be it was notr
	layer_4: i anquired without knoin whit his answerwould be it was not trou
	layer_6: i inquired without knoing wit his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without noing what his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: perdos him
	layer_4: prdu shim
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wishu to myself what blaso me
	layer_4: i wich woe to myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wihweto myself what blas for me
	layer_8: i wish re to myself what blas for me
	layer_10: i wishe to myself what blast for me
	layer_12: i wishe to myself what blasts for me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: then taken hart i told my gihd how wort an once i had flt a polows radiyut presinse ind my hart and huld hime aof the im mortle linds of hoer condsend ied o in upollow
	layer_4: thn takin hart i told my guid how more than once i had felt apolows ready at preasence in my hart and hold him of the m mordl linds of homer concernd the av in apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt a pollow's radigant presence in my heart and hold him of the immordal lines of homeer concernd the divinea pollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radingat presence in my heart and old him of the immortal lines of homewer concerned the divineapollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeere concerned the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeere concernied the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: deo dout hoe
	layer_4: do you dout homer
	layer_6: do you doubt home
	layer_8: do you doubt home
	layer_10: do you doubt home
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i sai do him homer the in spired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homor the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no now u pollwas mot anidl
	layer_4: no kno apollow was not an idale
	layer_6: no no a pollo is not an idle
	layer_8: no no apalla is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apallo is not an idle
	layer_12: no no apalla is not an idle

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and ha sene of ra gaod
	layer_4: he his agod and tha sun of agod
	layer_6: he is a god and ha son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and th son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the ere was heavy wiath insence an numbrov minan corgees lessmencs were passing to in fro bowin iannealing wbefor th veriouslits ind imiges
	layer_4: the ar was havy with insence annumber of men an corgees vestments were passing to infro bow an annealing beefore the  veriouslietes and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with insence a number of men an corges vestments were passing to nfro bouw and an neeling before ther various liets and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with inctance a number of men and gorgious vestments were passing to and fro bow ind an kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incence a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing an kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incence a number of men an gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before thei various lights and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: ubevyng mangsihto un erstan the men hof lal this my gih toot m assite and ina wispere telld met o th a pap wersillobrin anoversry of the berte hother be tifulsaor jeases the son of got
	layer_4: obseveing my ingsi to under staind the mean of all this my gui tuok me as side and ina whisper told methat the pepe were silobrainghe enversry of the birthy otheir re diful saur jeses the son of god
	layer_6: observering my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me thathe peope were sylobraty in the enniversry of the birth the o ther reatiful savioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiet to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were cilebraty in the inniversary of the birththe otheir beautiful saliour jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebratin the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful salur jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful salure jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: for gelt upllow he said with a hi jetion of suvari tin his voice
	layer_4: for get a pollo he said with his isjetion of sevveritin his voice
	layer_6: forget a pallo he said with his ugestion of suveriting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with a agetion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with a saggestion of severitying his voice
	layer_12: forget apallo he said with a saggestion of severitying his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there wis no such prson he was only an ital
	layer_4: there as no such person he was only an idal
	layer_6: there as no such person he was only an idle
	layer_8: there was no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there as no such person he was only an idole
	layer_12: there was no such person he was only an idole

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if he woudis serth for  polow ant all the nnverse wouldh never find  ont anseren to his named iscribption
	layer_4: if hou old a cerch for a polowent all the unvers he would never find n ont andsering to his nameword o scription
	layer_6: if houwold a search for a poloent all the univers he would never find anyone answering to his nam woredescription
	layer_8: if hu would a search for a poloent all the universe he would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you would a search for apolewin all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if heu would a search for apolowin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wntis hegeses i hason turin toard him
	layer_4: i wntose jesis i haston turnig toard him
	layer_6: i wont to see jesus i haston turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whill he not be hered ismornin
	layer_4: will he not be here tismorning
	layer_6: will he not be here tismorning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: we henot spee to his wrshapers i ast ogin
	layer_4: wie e not spek to his worshipers i ast again
	layer_6: wil e not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshipers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: il he notpeom mit intotucton to coresshis hand to class as dovind feet to en hel the im broagal fragurence of his breath to basskc om a gold in lihdif his eese to heulhe musa k of his i macul at excence
	layer_4: will he not pher mithintotouchm to corres his hand to class was divvind feet to an hel the em broual fragrentce of his breath to bask n t a goldan lihte of his eyes to her thomusicof his i maculat excence
	layer_6: will he not permith into touch him to coress his hand to class his divined feet to anhell the imbrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear th music of his imaculate accense
	layer_8: will he not permit themto touch him to carress his hand to class his divine feat to inhel the imbroseal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhell the umbrogal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feat to inhell the umbrogal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i ast my eisfhl with onder in my ve wis pivring ithe siteent
	layer_4: i ast my eis fulwith onder iand my voice quiveryn with iexcitment
	layer_6: i asked my eyes fill with wonder in my voice quivein with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fill with wonder an my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then ivinche o as inpatiantly mat esus as much ovf an iddleas apollo
	layer_4: would not that then i vench to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idale is a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venced to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idal is a pollow
	layer_8: would not that then i vencued to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and if fath at esis is ha gd pruosom agod whel lnot faein upollow makinwagot
	layer_4: and iffath at esis is a goad prosime agod whilewil not faeh en a polow makeimn wagod
	layer_6: and if faith hat esis is a god pruse im a god whyle wil not faith in a pollow make him a god
	layer_8: and if faiththat esus is a god proe hm a god whyle will not faith in apollow make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god whyne will not faith in apollow make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god whyne will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a math is affancewo ex winationaof agiven fornomenon
	layer_4: i methis affance wore exwenation of a given fornarmonon
	layer_6: a meth as a fansur expanation of a given fornomenon
	layer_8: a meth is a fancefal explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: a mithas a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: a mith is a fanceful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the min crace fr nollage the chaled as questions we causofni borng desar t on no
	layer_4: the min crace forenowlege the chaled as questions wecause ofen imborning desir eto know
	layer_6: the mine crace for knowledge the child as questions because fan imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child ased questions because o an imbourning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind crase for knowledge the child aske questions because o an imborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind crase for knowledge the child asks questions because of an imborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowin e in thekincaos in of te snappity gother
	layer_4: nowind thein they an closing of te snapity jother
	layer_6: now in then they came closing ouf to snapatdy jother
	layer_8: now and then they came clos engouh to snapp at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enouh to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with is miptholse the promne to mand wastase fide and hir has divellopin intielligincs relaus is in nliquasy si ate was bornef that red lasation
	layer_4: with this mithose the promne to man was thetisefide und hi has developin intelligonce realas its in aniquisy sience was born of that relasation
	layer_6: with this mithose the prome to man was tatisfied and who has developing intelligence realazed its inanequacy sience was borneof that relization
	layer_8: with this mithos the prom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its ananoquicy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mithos the prometo man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mithos the promto man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merehof a one i peopl liven a india has in replaceba accur ifformatiingcon cerin toe hindes
	layer_4: the merth of a one ide people liven an india has in replace by accur infermatiin concern the hindis
	layer_6: the mith of a one i people liveing an india has ben replace by accur information concering the hindes
	layer_8: the mith of a one yed people liveing in india has been replaced by accur information concering the hindews
	layer_10: the mith of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindews
	layer_12: the mirth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindews

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misis precicei the use to which miss hiv hnin put
	layer_4: and missus percisid thet use towhich mes have enen put
	layer_6: and missus preciseet thet use to which mers haven put
	layer_8: and missis precisela the use to which mers have put
	layer_10: and tiss is precisely the use to which mirs have been put
	layer_12: and tiss is precisely the use to which mers have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is yo his s ame
	layer_4: his you hi somi
	layer_6: is juus semi
	layer_8: is juusami
	layer_10: is juusami
	layer_12: is juusami

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is and man afacalty forofiction
	layer_4: there is in man afaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man o faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man o faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man o faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man o faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: id hans les sn at gessens
	layer_4: if hings less an at gesses
	layer_6: if thinks less han it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection whichenterduces obe into e mouthof amagination carvin ents pace and sbdoinits wreliat le spert
	layer_4: it is reflection which intrduces a be into he mouth of a magination curbin ints pace and subdoing its wrelentless spirit
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination currbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces ubinto the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces a into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces abinto the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we ful the space aboun ovoruss ef spearits firies gods and other in hision ary bens
	layer_4: we fell espace aboutan overuss wa sperits faries gods an other in thisibone ary bens
	layer_6: we feeld a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisable one airy beans
	layer_8: we feld a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airybeanms
	layer_10: we feel ta space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beangs
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beangs

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: be cuveet the rained bo we reachoupt or a mon
	layer_4: becovetd the ran bo we reach out for tha moon
	layer_6: wecove at the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we cover t the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: oure feege not ely beganatuched o farm groun andto we heaverechd the years o discression
	layer_4: oure feet not rely begin etushed a ferm grown and a we hav reached the years of discression
	layer_6: our feet not relly begin o toushd the firm grown unt we have reached the years of discresion
	layer_8: our feet not really begin to toush the firm ground unil we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: since was nout bore til man han mecchurd
	layer_4: sience was not born till man had machurd
	layer_6: sience was not borntil man had machurd
	layer_8: science was not born ntill man had matured
	layer_10: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born untill man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gon atp people crehi since
	layer_4: gronat people creat since
	layer_6: grown up people cret sience
	layer_8: grown up people creatd science
	layer_10: grown up people create science
	layer_12: grown up people created science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creattle is the wom ofh athefaris and face on ain kim
	layer_4: the creatl is the woom of a ther faries and face a ankime
	layer_6: the cratl is the woum of a ther fairies and face a mankime
	layer_8: the cradle is the woomb of a the fairies and face ta mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of al the fairies ind face to mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the woomb of all the fairies ind face to mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the scoas the bertlec e since
	layer_4: te schoo as the burth flacehes signce
	layer_6: the school was the birth placeis siencs
	layer_8: the school was the birth placeis science
	layer_10: thes school was the birthplaces science
	layer_12: thes school as the birth places science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: religin of the sindstof the chiled
	layer_4: religig f the sien of the child
	layer_6: religion is the sience of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: ind thit iscuessiof this sebject i ap eiltothem a chur noto the chid mined
	layer_4: in the discus of his sebject i apeel to the machure not to the chiled mind
	layer_6: in the discussio of this subject i appeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he his gots mofpiese and no on ma disagrew ithim
	layer_4: he has gods mauth piece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has gods moauth pece and kno one may disagrew with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagre with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouthpeace and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth peace and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the ol way i ma omanure spect is owe resonable
	layer_4: the only way i ma ctomand our respect is d we resonable
	layer_6: the only way i mak omman your respect is to we reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: whet us pla seor selves antrlyng the hands of the eovidence
	layer_4: let us place or selves and tarly the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place or silves en tirli g the hands of the evidents
	layer_8: let us place our selves entirely n the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intelgit bens woild isarg nowware this geses hise wortia was not one cost in the woreop miliins of the peples mony bohich is usso drin to his cervos the time the enges th affections thet ovotions and the labrcumanty is a minth or re lity
	layer_4: as entelligent beans whitd isarge no wheaer this geses his woru as not only costing the worp milians of the peoples money but hich his also drawind to his servise the time the ngies the affections lhetdevotions and the labricumanty is a minth or reality
	layer_6: has intelligent beans whildisar go know where this jesus hose worshe is not only cost in the world milions of the peoples money but wich is also drawing to his servie the time the intergies the affections the divotions and the la brichumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beins wouldesire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but wich is also drawing to his service the time the inergies the affections the devotions and the labory humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings woeld desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings wed desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labour humanity is a mynth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and egainwinlhy artus following malaqoarnsedvice witolittle late in ariving and when saent agnan had een ablides to be abson forsonetime it was antresting to observte tlgnoon witnesthem those momit ta sou ance full of dee pexpression which  nihtid in on si to sols mos ti spose to understanithut and who byt no means a jecte to the quight matatationly an joyd dogeth
	layer_4: and again winte artist following malliqarncsedvize was a little late in ariving and when saint agnan had ben ablodge to be abson for sometime it was enteresting to abservton toh knoone witness them those mometstasience full of deep bexpression which you nighted in one si to sols mos dispose to understandichut and who bu no means o jected to the quite metitationaly injoyd dogetr
	layer_6: and again when the artest following malaqorns advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been oblodges to be absent for sometime it was interesting to observeto though noone witness them those moments of solence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two soul's most dispose to understand achoterand who by no means objected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed to get
	layer_8: and again when the artist following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnon had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe ththough no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed to get ir
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malacorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe thathough no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: and at woread malaqorn foll os for that he ws loh henat no hed lerned haut win spire the cng with ant appitiht in tha mitst if ply and with tesire and the assurants uposestion
	layer_4: ind it word maliqorn falosofor that he was no he knew it knot head lerned howto enspire the king with an apitiht in the mitst of ply and with desire and the asseurence u possession
	layer_6: in a word maliqorn falosopher that he was nhog he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance o possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was nhough he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: ind this maner hat therefore withoutleaving her roo and having now com anont she wat ablet returnt who her apartmend thus removing by her apance allowl tarty perhaps he suspitions of the mos do termen skepti
	layer_4: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no comfendont she was able to returnt who her apartmend thus removing by her aprance alotl tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determen skeptick
	layer_6: in this manner at therefore without leaving her room and having no confendant she was able to returnd who her apartment thus removing by her apparente a lotle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determine skeptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sckeptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: buthe dor eman clos adnetheir sait agon now th pan her pered norted the hans hy gem
	layer_4: but the dor reman close and nether saht agnon no the pain her peared nor ded the hains egen mo
	layer_6: but the door remain cloes and neither sait agnin nor the pain her peared nor did the hans even mov
	layer_8: but the door remain cloed and neither sait agnon nor the painer ppeared nor did the hans even move
	layer_10: but the door remain closed and neither saint agnan nor the painter appeared nor did the hains even move
	layer_12: but the door remain closed and neither saintn agnan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangs even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: goetan dearis love said the ki the to y turninquikly
	layer_4: guothen dearus love said the king thet to eturn quickly
	layer_6: gothen dares love said the king that to return quickly
	layer_8: gothen dearest love said the king tht to return quickly
	layer_10: go then dearest love said the king that o return quickly
	layer_12: go then dearest love said the king that t return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to ds
	layer_4: no no not to ta si
	layer_6: no no not to day si
	layer_8: no no not to day sig
	layer_10: no no not to day si
	layer_12: no no not to day sin

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i noou bat two well  you had not ses to lofne
	layer_4: i knou but too well that you had not ses tolove me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not ease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the oalry witht e jestour partly of extreng tar and partly as if invoking hablesing attempte do spek bo conot ar ticulit mone word
	layer_4: the valry with te jestour partly of extren tar and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted o speak bo cannot aur ticulit one word
	layer_6: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme teror and partly as if in voking ablessing attempted to speak but culnut articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a jesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the momn however when the keeng thrgw himself on his nes a a cri ofe utter dispaire rangs wuh the corder a comity by the sound of retreeting foitstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the king thrugw himself on his nees a a cry of utter dispare rangs ogh the codor accomtyed by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aacry of utter despaire rank hrough the corritor accomvaied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank thrugh the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captinsiting bearde in is lether armchare his spers fixt in the flor his sord bes twen is legs was retin annumber of letters as he twis es mustas
	layer_4: the captain sitting baried in his lether arm chaire his spers fixd in the floor his sord buds tween his legs was reating a number of letters as he twist is mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spers fixed in the floor his sword bestween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist as mustash
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed ind the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twissted his mustach
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his mustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist his mustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: dor tanion uttered a welkomfoll of pleasr when he preceieve is fran sime
	layer_4: dartanion utdered a welcom full of pleasure when he preceived ois friands sun
	layer_6: dartagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he proceived has friend' sun
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: ol my by he sain by wat to lucky anstintes it happen tha the king haser calju
	layer_4: il my boy he sai by what o lucky ense dentes it happen that the king has r call jou
	layer_6: ral my bo he said by what ta lucky ensident as it happene that the king has r calle jew
	layer_8: rol my boy he said by what a lucky incident doas it happen that the king has r called ew
	layer_10: owl my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has ercalled jyeu
	layer_12: rowl my boy he said by what a lucky incident does it happen that the king has hercalled yew

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these worgse d i not sounda greeably in the young mansiears who es he seed imself forplime a pon my word i con ot detuve alldthathi knolis i have comeback hom
	layer_4: these words did not sound a greeably in the young mansiears who as he sedo himself replime upon my wer thi cannot dealluve all thati kno s i have come back om
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seede himself reply upon my word i cannot dellyou all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyi upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back ham
	layer_10: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyieng upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back om
	layer_12: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyiing upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back om

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not lo cal dou and you heaee tound
	layer_4: that the king has not re calld ou and you heavre turnd
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i d no an te sten heat the d
	layer_4: i do no und the sten that that tol
	layer_6: i do not understand that tat all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rows urity palan oug and he now beganto turniss hatk round od round in hiss hand
	layer_4: grol was olridy pail anugh and he now began to turn his hat roundaindn round in his hand
	layer_6: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn hiss hat ground and round in his hand
	layer_8: graowel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: at they dos is te maters at you lookasyou do and want maxet you sou dong
	layer_4: at they dose is the matters that you look anse you do and want make you so donme
	layer_6: whaht they doe is the matter that you look as you do and want makes you sow dom
	layer_8: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they do s is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do s is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the cafton to pep e nowdays the so mt sort of eirs ininglent
	layer_4: said the caftin to peop a nowdays h soom meat sort ofe eirs an englent
	layer_6: said the captain to people nowadays  soum mat sort of airs an england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays essume hat sort of eirs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eirs in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of eirs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i hav been in englent and came her agin is livelyis  chaffeence
	layer_4: i have been in englat and came her again has lively as achaferenceh
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferince
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferince
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrince

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: we oul nat sa sumeting
	layer_4: wilyou not say someting
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had dte much o say
	layer_4: i had to much to sayng
	layer_6: i have to much to sayig
	layer_8: i have too much to sayg
	layer_10: i have too much to say
	layer_12: i have too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: a howse you fouter
	layer_4: a how s your fother
	layer_6: ah hows your fother
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: for give me my dr frimdot i as gooin to iscusat
	layer_4: forgive me my the ar frimd it i was going to i scusat
	layer_6: forgive me my deafrimdit i was going to ascuse at
	layer_8: forgive me my dear frimeedi i was going to axkue tat
	layer_10: forgive me my dear friemd i was going to usat
	layer_12: forgive me my dear friemdi i was going to asusat

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: thoeur taon ancrese tis sharpness of his pinatratin gays wach no secreit was capalbwlhrisisting
	layer_4: taur tayan acrease this sharpness of his pinatraten gas wach no secret was capablef h resisting
	layer_6: d'artaan increased his sharpness of his pinetratin gaze which no secret was capable ofhresisting
	layer_8: d'artalan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you on hapepe abut somting he said
	layer_4: you on happy about someting he said
	layer_6: you anhappy about something he said
	layer_8: you aunthappy about something he said
	layer_10: you aren'happy about something he said
	layer_12: you are nthappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i a andet and you now the reason vu rel misho do tenon
	layer_4: i am andeedt and you know the reason vol relld mishort o taniin
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason varyrell minsyurtartagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason very real monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason very wrell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do notpretento biiston
	layer_4: nay dod not pretento tia stime
	layer_6: ne do not pretentothe astomi
	layer_8: ne do not pretend to te astonmish
	layer_10: nae do not pretend to be astonish
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to be astonishe

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i hae not pordin ing to beuston hi smy fiamd
	layer_4: i havme not preden ing to be ustdon esmy find
	layer_6: i have not predending to be astdonish my frand
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have me ther head kno arm h to not ty spiyse but holtme into word  nd the mos reched  living beings of
	layer_4: i have mnether head nor arm  do not despis but helt me into words i n the mostwretched of living beings o
	layer_6: i have nei their head no arm do not despise but help me intwo words i and nhe most retchid of living beings oo
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh o
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh o
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deseeving said der taniin dot amos al of whose face had mooved luse ar bigors who make u s of them
	layer_4: she is deceeving yu said diartanion dot amusal of whose face had moved lose are pigords who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceeding you said d'artagnon dot a mussle of whose face had moved those ar big words whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: evryonau
	layer_4: eve ry on ah
	layer_6: everyone a
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ah
	layer_12: everyone ah

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: af every onsaisol their must besoe toruthinit
	layer_4: if every one sa so their must be some trouth in it
	layer_6: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: nut for of frend for a son
	layer_4: not for a frend for a son
	layer_6: not for a friend for a son
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: a dose tacket ou are rally  fromcuasty
	layer_4: adostacket you aure really le from curasty
	layer_6: i doce takit you are really el from curaste
	layer_8: i docs take it you are really ill from curiosty
	layer_10: i dotake it you are really ill from curiosty
	layer_12: i dotake it you are really ill from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: not is not from curioste is is from loufe
	layer_4: not is not from curiosty is is from love
	layer_6: no it ois not from curiosty is is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity itis from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: cot another bie word
	layer_4: cot inother big ward
	layer_6: ct another big word
	layer_8: cut another big word
	layer_10: cot another big word
	layer_12: cot another big word

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: id tel you i love lueas to thistraction
	layer_4: i tell you i love loeas to thestraction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louis to destraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to distraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: welse positwere ounly theat
	layer_4: welsu poseit were only that
	layer_6: well suposit were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nosncel man ever suxceetet ed making much ovf a brain win the head whas trnd
	layer_4: nosenceil man ever succeeteded making much havf a brain when the head was turnd
	layer_6: no sinsible man ever succeeded ed making much havfe a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lostd my sences in the same why ar huntered dimes on my lie
	layer_4: i have complely lost my sences in the same we a hundered dimes in my life
	layer_6: i have complely lost my senses han the same wey are huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way ae hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you wai her pu yoe would not understend me yo would un her sthand bu yo whald nottl bam me
	layer_4: you waul here but you would not understand me you would un herstand but you whuld notil bey me
	layer_6: you would her but you would not understand me you whad unerstand but you would not ellbey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o tri try
	layer_4: o trye try
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: o try try
	layer_10: o try try
	layer_12: o tri try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i gl far eveen afi wer un fortcinad nogh to no sumting and foisionn ofh to okounacatitto yud you are my fran ou sayng and dt yes
	layer_4: i go far even ifi were unfortun afe nough to no sumeting and folitionaough tookomunocate to you you are my friand you say and deet yes
	layer_6: i gofar evenif i were unfortun nough to now something and foolish in enough took ommunicated to you you are my friend you say andeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortuneaenough to know something and foolishin enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolishan enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolishan enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther agoo i shoul cora wat you
	layer_4: there agoodi i should cor a with you
	layer_6: there a good ng i should quarral with you
	layer_8: theyre are gooding i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: theye are goodn i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: there are goodng i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complain as you kno but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloing out my bram i wl go in git the firs persan i met to givme the in formation which you with hoolt i wil tell him he lesan and dou ilocillim
	layer_4: i never complayin as you kno but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloying out my brain i will go an get the first person i me to givme the infor mation which you with hol old i will tell him he lis an and you willkilliam
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my braine i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with hold i will tell him he lis and and you will kilia
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with hold i will tell him he lies and and you wil killiha
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meat to give me the information which you with hooold i will tell him he lies and and you okil him
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meat to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies and and you okil him

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and a find fir thatwald ve so muchd te beatter whac shuld ie hi
	layer_4: and a find to fair thatwould be so much the better what should ie chare
	layer_6: and a find a fair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nolsoma differenteln and stidif giling you wil git cild yourselfsupposume sery fin in ded
	layer_4: you knowa sooma differenton and stidive giling you ill get kil yourself i supposeyou man sery fin andeed
	layer_6: you now assu ma differenton and stid of killing you will get kild yourself i suppose you man ery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone insted of killing you will git killd yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how mut  i siould her gretyou
	layer_4: how much i should her gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gretu
	layer_8: how much i should hergret you
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of coursa sha cobout all dhaysing o
	layer_4: of cuoursi shll coebout all d sing o
	layer_6: of course i shall ko about all day sing a
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: whut ha finsto pid filow that bragalown was
	layer_4: what ave fin stopit fillow that bragalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stoupid fellow that braggalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: as grat a stupitesy ever matwith
	layer_4: his great a stupitesi ever metwith
	layer_6: a his great as stupit as i ever metwith
	layer_8: nd as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: ad as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: an as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then rown go in git you self tiy spos de  e fu lk
	layer_4: go then grownl go und get your selfty sposede ifu lik
	layer_6: go then grow go and get yourself de sposeder o if you like
	layer_8: go then raul go and get yourself disposederf if you like
	layer_10: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then graoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har li knw who coan have tutch you lodgic but do s tacke me atyu father has not been ragelly robd of his mony
	layer_4: i hard lay knew who culn have toughch you lodgic but dose take me if you father has not been regully robd of his money
	layer_6: i hardlayknew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but doe take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who cal have taught you logic but dose take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: hro il brd his facein hiss hands murmring nofn i haved not ha seingl frendin te warld
	layer_4: ro will buried his face in hiss hands mermring no no i haved not ta single friendin the world
	layer_6: ri will buriyed his face in his hands murmuring no n i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: where i will burit his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: her iwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: wheriwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i tho fances mon sr id not lafat yu thoug i am a guscon
	layer_4: i thol fances oneseur i do not laugh at you though i ama gus gon
	layer_6: i del fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you dhough i emagasgone
	layer_8: idol fancis monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: idl fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: idol fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a cvepe thor what do ou me
	layer_4: a civepid thert what o you me
	layer_6: a cipritter what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipit ther what do you mean
	layer_10: a cripither what do you mean
	layer_12: a cripidthirt what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pan i wereti dd not no some on tuld me there was ha carpen ther who madeend opening throrg ha setainflor
	layer_4: apon my wor thi do notino some on told me there was he carpened ther who made en opening throughas sertain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not kow some one told me there was a carpnd ther whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent the roommade an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenther room made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenther room made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: o' mi dou't know
	layer_4: miy don't kno wee
	layer_6: my don't knowhere
	layer_8: my don't know where
	layer_10: i don't knowwhere
	layer_12: i don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and hos hero them
	layer_4: an whose hrom them
	layer_6: and whose room them
	layer_8: and whose room then
	layer_10: and whose room then
	layer_12: and whose room then

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have togyou for the lest hour that i kno nothing of the hollopher
	layer_4: i have tod you for the lest hour that i know nothing of the holi eir
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i know nothing of the whole afar
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affaire
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepantes hin the portert
	layer_4: but the pantr then the portrt
	layer_6: but the painter then the portrt
	layer_8: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_10: but the painter then dhe portrait
	layer_12: but the painter then the portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: h you so to heme only that namanyo mouh
	layer_4: wy you so to ham only that name an yor mouth
	layer_6: w you sui o hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: whi you soit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not s uppositur kconsirn
	layer_4: i do not su pos it wil consonu
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will consonyou
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: as s ouorriht ande madee steper two has af fo wergoing to le whre you gng
	layer_4: is your aright and he mayde a stepar to has if o weregoing to lea wherei you going
	layer_6: yes your a right and he made a stepor to as if he were going to lat whee are you going
	layer_8: yes you 'area right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leav where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leav where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: tolo or semon who tha tenming te trut
	layer_4: ti look er semon who a ten meng the truve
	layer_6: to look for sommone who wll ten me the truf
	layer_8: to look for someone who will tend me the trut
	layer_10: to look for someone who will tell me the truth
	layer_12: to look for someone who will tell me the truth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was that it wolna
	layer_4: who was that it womnan
	layer_6: who was that a woman
	layer_8: who was that a woman
	layer_10: who was that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be consod by seman and you wil be so t wontse she will dod younothing ilif her self of cource solbeoff
	layer_4: you wiash to be con sold by someone and you will be so at wance she will ded you nothing ilife herself of curs sol be off
	layer_6: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will deal you nothing ellov herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will de you nothing illof herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistack in monse replidro thoug om man i men wll tell me all the ever she possiblykain
	layer_4: you are misstackin montsu replied ro though oman i mean will tellime all the evol she possibli ain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monse replied rou though omand i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monseur replied rau theg omand i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: el ie mitet
	layer_4: well i atmitit
	layer_6: well i admint it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point t a fac t wi should i play with you has acatdes wih the por nus
	layer_4: and in point o fact whi should i play with you as a catnes with the poor mous
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poormeols
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poor moush
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the por mouth
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with the poor mouthe

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: oe destressmi youdo intet
	layer_4: you destresme you do indeet
	layer_6: you dustres me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wyti you cin
	layer_4: way to you cain
	layer_6: way if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i coald dot so much te wors
	layer_4: i could not soe uch te wors
	layer_6: i could not so much the worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much th worse
	layer_12: i could not so much the worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said roalsneching eguly oat the pin which te ceptan held outohm
	layer_4: a said ro al snaching eglly at the pen which the keaptain held out tohim
	layer_6: a said ro al snatching eagerly at the pin which the kaptain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said roall snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said roel snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said roell snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how theriforthin at dates d he was looking tfr you too
	layer_4: how tvery fortunat that s  he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunatethat is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed ton of voice it is not ei who him gin to speto y hoden
	layer_4: she said nthe samed ton of voice it is not ey who im going to speak to hm ho den
	layer_6: she said the same tone a voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i comney my grengouter to this bisnt tameent heliti shat prsmonded
	layer_4: i a comepny my gren doghtter to thes bus't tameent her liti shut presmonded
	layer_6: i ad company my granlaghtter to the sbusn'tament her loy shoo prsponded
	layer_8: i accompanyd my granddaughter to thisbis ntertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompany my granddaughter to thisbisentertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompany my granddaughter to thisbis entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it estcirsly ageoy ecasen to my mind
	layer_4: it disscurcely adeoyi ocasion to mynmind
	layer_6: it is sscarcely ajoycs ocasion to min mind
	layer_8: it is sscarcely a joys occasion to mine mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joys occasion to mine mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joyus occasion to mine mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nony the rus ers tol wiyd b afi isnt ajackalad i misterpeny
	layer_4: nonly the dres er sot an that f it isnt ajacolad in mister beny
	layer_6: non nyo the dresst her solt wane that if it isn't a jaculated mister biny
	layer_8: no n ne the dress or slt ine that if it isn't ajaculated mister bunney
	layer_10: noon ne the dress erself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister bunny
	layer_12: noon ne the dress yerself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister bunney

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if ou rshure this was a sei man i go mysel
	layer_4: if ou er sure this was he sar man i go myselft
	layer_6: if iu re sure this was th say a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i wer asure this was the say a man i 'old go myself
	layer_10: if i were asure this was to say a man i wold go myself
	layer_12: if i were asure this was to sa man i old go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whe ive itifellowf his neger nave north foou ie sic him ble veltan the finde
	layer_4: when i e igto fellowf his neger nave north fol i sictuo him bleaveelseond the finda
	layer_6: when i've id a fellow his nigger nave north full i sixe him believe elsaid the find a
	layer_8: when i've id a fellow his neiger naved north full i six o him believe els aid te find out
	layer_10: when i'e ite a fellow his niger knave northfool i stick to him believe else aid de findout
	layer_12: when ive ite a fellow his nigger nave northfol y stick to him believe else said de find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin hie himan elyncom u poner wis the firse irmys lo herin the drus she a compih mok titious tei scamd that hn urdanout dinguldb a hure alwager
	layer_4: the oing hige hhimin eyn comi uponoer was the first irmius lo her n the dres she a comifh maktatious ni scan that enlorded out didint old ahure allwagere
	layer_6: the onlin hihe ehi min ely comn upon her was the first tie mislaw her in the drest she hac commi frmock tiius nit scand that hen tlurded out didn' gotto heare all wager
	layer_8: the only ym he had mante ely commen upon her was the first time heu saw her in the dress she acompy fomoctavas nie scamd that he lurted out didn't get ti her all wager
	layer_10: the only time he had mad eyn comen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had compyedfrom octatias nice scamed that he blurnted out didn't get it here all wager
	layer_12: the only time he had made elyn commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had compied from octathias nice scamned tat he blurnted out didn't get it here all wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: hes n look likge is ad grafly
	layer_4: thes on look likeet is aid gragflly
	layer_6: this n' look like git esaid grafhly
	layer_8: thoesn't look like it he said grafuilly
	layer_10: toe'sn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: doe'sn't look like it he said grafully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she ntered i am mota forititl
	layer_4: no she einswered i am mot a fritidle
	layer_6: no she answered i m moa freditale
	layer_8: no she answered i am not afrididl
	layer_10: no he answered i am not afrid at ll
	layer_12: no she answered i am not afrad af all

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i s all not be afrae togaid
	layer_4: i shaold not be a frai agad
	layer_6: i shalld not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and faot she ap erficalyt ainfolnded hr laty should by her do mener
	layer_4: and fhat she a pherfectly confounded her lady should by her teminer
	layer_6: in fact she aperfectly confounded her lady should by her demunor
	layer_8: in fact she ad perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i bee yu not sbe to me haf thariyead she sen i well ot lison
	layer_4: i ber your not sbe to me have thata and she said i will out liscten
	layer_6: i be you'lrl not speak to me of tha ad end she saind i will out listen
	layer_8: i beg you wll not speak to me of thatradnd she said i will ot listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of that odeeen she said i will ot listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of that adeen she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning about she wack aut of the ri
	layer_4: an turning about she walked out of the rm
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothiym ore harbed sid un tujrecents
	layer_4: and nothime ore havbed said ufebjecence
	layer_6: and nothing more hais it unsebjec sense
	layer_8: and nothing more habesid nsubject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more havitsid on the subject sense
	layer_12: and nothing more havitsid on the subject sense

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor bracmith missplan te wastaral by ther ivule f wad noter telagar which ran hais follaws
	layer_4: before bractmeth misplin te was startl by the rival ofunother tellagr which rain tas follows
	layer_6: before brackwith miss bl indo was stirtle by the rival of another telgar which raignd as follows
	layer_8: before breakfmith miss bullinda was startled by the arrival of aanother telegra which reined as follows
	layer_10: before breakfist miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegah which reined as follows
	layer_12: before breakfist miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rained as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: or rivf to they perresso beuut het a miaw edning
	layer_4: arive to thy perresio be withet a milw ening
	layer_6: arived to da peressia beawth e e mile evening
	layer_8: arrived to day peressia beauithea a mile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day peressa beauthya amio evening
	layer_12: arrived to day peresiar beauthy tamilo evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frand with m maantasod
	layer_4: friand with me marton bhase
	layer_6: frind with me martin base
	layer_8: friend with me marton basse
	layer_10: friend with me martin basset
	layer_12: friend with me martin basset

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: wel t wremut u ave ia i supos thout woud avpmein e vanage
	layer_4: well t remonctul tave ya i suppose thaut woud havemenein the vanage
	layer_6: well it remoxtultavia i supposed that would have ben i e vanage
	layer_8: well it remokd ratavia i suppose that would havebeen in avantage
	layer_10: well at remarked atavia i suppose that would have been in advantage
	layer_12: well at remarked catavia i suppose that would have been in advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: at tave a was a markpe fickur pon the grout of ic gart npity nother jess migdear wremark wister barnom
	layer_4: oatavia was a margt fiureupon the growuth of lite gard ompirty nother jes mydear wremark mis ter burntim
	layer_6: ocktvia was a marked figur upon the grouth of that gardimparty nother jess my dear remarkedmister burtam
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouth of that garden party nother jess my dear remarked mister brndham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party nother dress my dear remarked mister brnham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brnham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: anwould a churming collor he hain eacleare sesu saly peller
	layer_4: and wat a charming color s she hasind aclar ses u sually pallour
	layer_6: andwht a charming color she hasit adclear seese usually pal er
	layer_8: ndwhat a charming color she has it at clear sees usually palher
	layer_10: an what a charming color she has 't a clear sees usually paler
	layer_12: and what a charming colour she has nt a clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: perapsd te othe tflor leyanto
	layer_4: peraps be othis tlornd lansone
	layer_6: perhaps be others to lor lansown
	layer_8: perhaps be othes to lord lanson
	layer_10: perhaps be othes to lord landsone
	layer_12: perhaps be othes to lord landsone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis prityear advertay in is anjowainerself
	layer_4: shis pritiarc evertday in is enjin erself
	layer_6: she's prettie r han evertday in its injoyin herself
	layer_8: she's prettyer thn ever to day in i's enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than ever to day and its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: shem waysen joing herself miser pren o brl abser thit bathte  lumily at hy sud upart
	layer_4: she wisan joing herself misserpran os bril observe that rather gloumily athy sod a part
	layer_6: she was onjoying herself misser pranes bil observe that rather gloomily as he sot apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francisbrll observed hat rather gloomily as he sod apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francesbrl observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francesbrl observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha col lordly ansad ho  an coss nelonte shi anteif this host haebed n observ to keepeiis eifd ixst upor one prticul ua point urmistowd he sai aftr havings mook in is firswordt who is that tallgroin wit
	layer_4: and then ha come lordly nsad who an crosonde lon the shakeand with this host havebein abserved to keep his eyfed ix upor on prticeler point bermastown he sai after havingsmookin his fir s words ho is that tall gir an wight
	layer_6: and then ha com lordlyandered who and crossoin alon to shake hans with this hoast have been observed to keep his eye tixed upo one paricular point bermistone he said after havingsmook in his first words hois that tall girlen whit
	layer_8: and then had come lord laanzod who in crossing alon to shake handswith his host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having smookin his first words who is that tall girln white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lanzod who in crossing thelawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lanzon who in crossing thelawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point bermastone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in enteimminits laty thy bled misterberno misterbearld n hevers others tol nera imengion somest in the  otave ioustit of thantly withnowntantion o laving it
	layer_4: in enteminuts latye the ibled misterbrnam misterbarld an the vers others too nurans simention soms enteoctaviousid of thantly with no intintion of leaving it
	layer_6: an intemminutes lady theald mister burna mister baled than the vers others too numerouse cemention saw ms ane actavious side ofidantly with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: an in ten minutes lady theipled mister burnam mister barle an the vers others too numerous o mention saw sinh octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister barle an the vers others too numerous to mention saw missan octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister barle an thevers others too numerous to mention saw mssann octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long aghto this fraentis pirlf unas wade in misbolindu he was very beus te itnnbather nervis in the sus evenatlyin joing erself he remark
	layer_4: not long afte this fraentospirld foun as wat i mis belinta he was very busty it nebhather nerveoise un nesus evinet lyn joyng erself he remark
	layer_6: not long after this franto spiril found as wai to miss bolinda he was very busy itn rather nervost a neices evineteloenjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francispirel found his way to miss belinda e was very busy it en bather nervous ar nices evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this fhrancis biril found his way to miss blinda he was very busy itven rather nervous and niece ws evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis birill found his way to miss belinda he was very busy iven rather nervous and niecewas evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: aoc caleiat is most hape to tha an terd misublander
	layer_4: acsalia is most happy to they an terd misipblinde
	layer_6: ocia is most happy to day intered missublinda
	layer_8: oxavia is most happy today entered missu blenda
	layer_10: octavia is most happy to day antwered missus blenda
	layer_12: octavia is most happy to day answered miss blenda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: ver you poe ble und ersan oc taveiuss imis ol ende and not shuld i fallow ol her mit's my self
	layer_4: very if you poe ple undersan octaviasimistpllinda i'd not should i follow all her mets myself
	layer_6: veryifyou people understain ouctviasidmissbilinda i'm not shoud i follow all her mute myself
	layer_8: very fwew people understand actavia said miss bolinda i'm not sued i follow all her motes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure t i follow all her mootes myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure to i follow all her mootes myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she 's n s frvulesce as she  pearse tovot jokt now herwa
	layer_4: she as not s frvlesce as she apearcs to thosa jok now her weo
	layer_6: she is not as friveless as she appears to thos joe know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those ho jo' know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld suid nong his mus tash an ma noreply he was not ery cometible
	layer_4: berold sud nong has must ash an may now r ply he was not very comtable
	layer_6: varld suknong as must asha mayd noreply he was not very comotable
	layer_8: bereld sanong his mustashand made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: berl sonong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: berl so nong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: e f r ham sup ill us by thite and mather bish t a ere turred tel en ofrobtoge in s aittl vodering an slobriage
	layer_4: ef oi him sup ill us by fhie and mather bish t r returrneto len o from botogs thand sid t a voidering ind sloberage
	layer_6: if hill himself ill used by fink and mather bushe the had rechurne to lend from bottocs and saie i a loidering and slowbriage
	layer_8: hef fell himself ill used by thint and mater bushed he had returned to lond from boto in setd if loidering in slowbridge
	layer_10: he fel himself ill used by fat and mater bushed he had returned to london from botox insead of voitering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he fel himself ill used by fat and mater bushed he had returned to london from botox instead of voitering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: hit a mesontoffea af first but intime haens u piese thi pines an mes ment lo something of it dess
	layer_4: h d ha mesome selff at a first but intime hadebeen sur prise thifin es an musement lo something of ite ses
	layer_6: he had ames hmself at afirst but in time h had been surprisd the findeds an musement looe something of itsest
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time he had been surprised to findeits amusement loosed something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement losed something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement losed something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it ducily boi form on his part i the mentlly wat tho thy meng bi t
	layer_4: itducily baud formon his part hi thet mentlly what thet thy man by it
	layer_6: it' ducily bahd form on his part etat mentaly what toes y mean by it
	layer_8: it' ducily bad form on his part a mentally what does you mean by it
	layer_10: it's ducily bad form on his part he said mentally what does ye mean by it
	layer_12: it's ducily bad form on his part he said mentally what does ye mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: o taveia on the consur dino ath wenymentt
	layer_4: octa ia on the contur di not ash any ment by it
	layer_6: octaia on the contry did not ash many meat by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask whene he ment by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where youjactlat t i say whald a net
	layer_4: whe youjaclat eid i say whalt enee
	layer_6: wheare you jaculatd i say what a na
	layer_8: whereare youjaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: wheare you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: where are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: iad not bserve thit andser heilaty shi
	layer_4: i had not bsorve tha answer her ladyshop
	layer_6: i had not observed that answer her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: butshe clare ad at tiral ta se paskd nbecan so him loy as lusiushniminded
	layer_4: but she clar ed t bherol the see pased n beckon to him woiy as lucialshion iminded
	layer_6: but she glared at barold tha see passed and beckin to him whye is lucial sihen a manded
	layer_8: but she glared at barred a see passed and beckinedto him wht this luciel shen manded
	layer_10: but she glared at barrel das e passed and beckoned to him whayt this lucil she demanded
	layer_12: but she glared at barrel das e passed and beckoned to him what this lucil she demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i for her wath brmstan half ngow he esrd coing have ye any mathigh frmy other esl ra tengale ant into mar laving her arly turn lit pail
	layer_4: isll her mut burmston half noago he answred colin have yo any mathage fromy mother a sal retingal an tinto mar laving here erly turn cite pale
	layer_6: i sa her mith burmston half narago he answered coling have you any metshaghe frormy mother i shal retrn alan into mar leaving here early turne quite pale
	layer_8: i sa here mith burmiston half anhour ago he answered coling have you any meshage for my mother i shall return to lindon to mar leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_10: i saw her mith burmiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any meshage for my mother i shall return to london to morr leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her n mith burmiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any messhage for my mother i shall return to london to morrw leaving here early turn quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happit she ast ricadly ho loklehte ys ar prisd nothing whot a er he replied
	layer_4: what is happe she asd ricedly hilook slightelys a prizsed nothing what a ere he replied
	layer_6: what is happet she asked ricadely he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what is happend she asked richidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked richadly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked richadly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: avr mand her longeritn i an tendit
	layer_4: aver main her longer th en i antended
	layer_6: ihveremained her longer than i intended
	layer_8: i ve remained her longer than i intended
	layer_10: i hve remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she begaden mof th maukl ten oarit bist
	layer_4: she bege o movehemacl then o right bist
	layer_6: she begat ha move manicles in a right bist
	layer_8: she began to move h manicles an hae right bist
	layer_10: she began to move the manacles an her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move the manacles an her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not  rotlusha up andter her on i for lothing
	layer_4: she had not broutlitha up andther her own i fornlothing
	layer_6: she had not broughlusia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_8: she had not brouht lusia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brought lusha up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lusha up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptas whene three may i go
	layer_4: chpt a's when e three may i go
	layer_6: chapters ente three may i go
	layer_8: chapters when y three may i go
	layer_10: chapters twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapters wenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day afterethis atavye opeendt ef fortroug
	layer_4: the very day after this atave ya opened eo fort trung
	layer_6: the very day after this altavia opened te forth trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this oavia opened the forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: anv thi ently some thing atd hapingd o tae ius te said misto doigoled beeny is er old clow who wis se
	layer_4: adve dently something at happind ouctaveius tes said mister docaled beeny is it old clow who as she
	layer_6: avidently something at happened actav yes she said mister ducled biny is at old clowu who is se
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle binney is tat old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister dugle binny is that old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octaveia she said mister duggle binny is that old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he has mik an ongl exlan mushur chammelesle heu hads a grat deal of mony
	layer_4: he as myktgranungle exlaine lusiu chamelissly her hads  grate deal of money
	layer_6: he is my grat uncle exlained lucia chemulusly yhe're has great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my grat uncle exclaimed lucia cemulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously hee has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously hee has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: at i nu' ci an er stake re ma mot teave ea she said
	layer_4: a de not quyt andher stakerem a mok tave ia she said
	layer_6: i did not quit under stakeri mamarktevia she said
	layer_8: i did not quite understake rid mamark tevia she said
	layer_10: i did not quite understake im mammak tavia she said
	layer_12: i did not quite understake gim mamma tavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: lage nosh cint my ron the tacto me an his mordih calagin an ol
	layer_4: last nish cinto my rom the talkdto me and his moti h keml agin n o
	layer_6: last nitch can to my room the talk to me and this mornish kame agin an oh
	layer_8: last night he came to my room thot talk to me and this mornin she came again and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brotour adigninty ho couldcthi stict me inec umaner
	layer_4: she brugg ur anddignatly how could she spict me an such amaner
	layer_6: she broge out indignatly how could she' spick dt me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speack to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the yu wen her sid
	layer_4: what thet yuwindher sand
	layer_6: what dhit you  under sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i amg ren afto r a myae ed dis nout tir fr me and make my sof a trapitvin te ho btha ho al con de sen to mariy coase misterbany ma wlee me is monin
	layer_4: i amgo run avfter amare heo dis not tear for me and make my self a traped it in thet hoptat he wl condo sen to marrynmy tpecus mister beany ma il ete me his money
	layer_6: i am to run after a mae he does not tare for me and make myself atrappd ite win the hopelhat he will condessin to marry me because mister benny may leaf me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself a traptiv fin the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attracptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you on ther t o it toevemady tee o alon time the say that
	layer_4: do you on dher t at it tok evemady heo o along time the say that
	layer_6: do you wonder hat it tulk even maty thee abou a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder tat it tok even lighdi the about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even liddy the about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even lidy the about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: lel r mort to't tave yut e wil' do itusupose i woud it mor
	layer_4: lel ar mankd on't tave yu e biln do it i supose i would t wmory
	layer_6: lel ormo dan tave ya you wln't do it i suppose i wouldn't wurry
	layer_8: well remonked unc tevia you willn't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked aunc tevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked aunc tevya you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: ol i alays you ai i anges
	layer_4: ahl i always no ip i did a gaes
	layer_6: olhl i always ne i i didno't gess
	layer_8: oh i always kneo it i didn't guess
	layer_10: oh i always new im i didn't guess
	layer_12: oh i always ne im i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thit shu seld eversar ately
	layer_4: hats shesmold every sa thahtely
	layer_6: at she smild every sadately
	layer_8: thand she smiled every so dately
	layer_10: thant she smiled every so dantly
	layer_12: that she smiled every so dantly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that s we the reasen wy she lodes me so she adden
	layer_4: that s wm the reasenet wiy she lods me so she adde
	layer_6: that s hom the reasons why she loades me so she added
	layer_8: that is wh the reasons why she loades me so she added
	layer_10: that is h the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_12: that is em the reasons why she loathes me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: me shoauld tout deepe le forbermit she recenis allet wads several thing she had memisto fid bive ofor
	layer_4: be shoul thot deply forbemit she reconised all at wies severalthing che had me mistified byaveefore
	layer_6: leshou tought deeply forbiment she reconized all at wlies several thing she had been misterfied by before
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbimet she recognized all at wiecs several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: licha thought deeply for buement she recognized all at wiess several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: licha thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wites several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: ataeiusman widral agart
	layer_4: octaiousman litral agant
	layer_6: occtaviousman litele again
	layer_8: octavia smeled literal again
	layer_10: octavia smiled literl again
	layer_12: octavia smiled literal again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mes eoa saut thinking er han's clasetedly
	layer_4: mush yia sat thinking her hands clasp tidly
	layer_6: muia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_8: mushia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: muia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: mucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i mglaght i came iarsh aid at li
	layer_4: i 'm glot i came yearsh  said at le
	layer_6: i am glad i came here s said at lape
	layer_8: i 'm glad i came here sh said at lape
	layer_10: i'm glad i came here she said at late
	layer_12: i'm glad i came here she said at late

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i cingk i shall neveer be ifrate o oray mor
	layer_4: i tink a shall never be affrat of er any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cit naostral redallad id is he hellther had up her brath camed fast ther was a int af exiful ticioen an o ten
	layer_4: her delicat nastral with allated is he hel ther head up her brath came fast thewas a hint o egiful titient inneto
	layer_6: her delicate nostrals witd oladted and she hel her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultatint in heton
	layer_8: her delicate nostrals withilitedt and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egvultationt in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilted and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of eultation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of eoltation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whalted very taus aufershe lekt the house
	layer_4: she walked very thas atffer she leve the house
	layer_6: she walked very tast affer she lefet the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: bt i was nota ginsthim that luhie as intheignation with a routsd
	layer_4: but it was notagins thim that luchias indignation with aroutst
	layer_6: but it was not against t him that luce has indignation with aroust
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wonder dthaf he eat heard he lasworts he fant i to hat
	layer_4: she wonder that the et heard her las worts efancit tho had
	layer_6: she wonder thif he had heard her last words she fancy to had
	layer_8: she wondered if he hd heard her last words she fanced e had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied hi ha
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: yoe to c oll iv er shakenlittl hren and  ooke dthoun o her exdidted face
	layer_4: you tok ol ever shake ng little han and looke down o her extited face
	layer_6: you took hole over shaking little han and look down a her extied face
	layer_8: you took hole over shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: ia engery ho sad gave never so e engrey wlfor
	layer_4: i am enger she said yave never so me angry wifore
	layer_6: i am anger she said yhave never so me angry wbefore
	layer_8: i am angury she said you have never soend ma angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said a you have never snd me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said an you have never soene me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: am almy way to might thlady the ablet
	layer_4: a'm almy way to mi to lady theablet
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to lady theablt
	layer_8: i 'm on my way to my to lady theabolt
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to lady theoablt
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to lady theoblt

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he holder hai as com ly as be for
	layer_4: he held her hand as comly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: whad you woun e ater her he as she lafgh togin
	layer_4: what o you wuln a sad heo her he ast she laugh togin
	layer_6: what r you win es say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what ar you woilnt say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you going t say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: hellder hane rathercliser
	layer_4: helder han rather cliser
	layer_6: held her han rather closer
	layer_8: held her hand rather closer
	layer_10: held her hand rather closer
	layer_12: held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has ma you vari engre sai
	layer_4: she has maye you veryt angry said
	layer_6: she has made you very angry said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mus teforshiknew whias she as doing she ws poring fore the hol of restoy eve mor f it than she aiet hol ou taviu
	layer_4: and then i mas the forthy knew what she was doing she was poring fort the whol ov erstoy eve more of it than she hadholl ativia
	layer_6: and then i must before she knew what she was doing she was poring forth the whole iver stoy even more of it than she had tol ativia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole ofher story even more of it than she had ol ativia
	layer_10: and then amus before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told actavia
	layer_12: and then ilmus before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told actavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: bu shalre he said au wisheto wre let mea go antark wit tlaty the abld yoush is e wit little start
	layer_4: u shal he said i wish y e let me go an talk with lady the ablt yoused as one it little start
	layer_6: weu shal he said i wish you woul let me go and talk with lady theabolt yusehis e with little start
	layer_8: we shall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt yuses tan with little start
	layer_10: we shall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt yuses am with little start
	layer_12: we shall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt yuss am with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: jes se antert ont me godeo her
	layer_4: jeshe enter went me god tho her
	layer_6: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_8: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: jess he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: jess he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will say yus to dtha i eg acim pomence but youmeean never be afratof herting mor
	layer_4: if you willsa yest to that i hi icon pomese but youmennever be affat of hearin more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think i con pominte but you me never be afrad of herind ing more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can pomis but you neend never be afraid of hur aing more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promis but you need never be afraid of hurtin more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promis but you needn never be afraid of hurtin more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the teares caller dyteoever cheeks in the teurs res o her is
	layer_4: the ters colord ti toever cheieks in the tearis rushed to her eyes
	layer_6: the therst color dit ot ver cheeks an the tears rush to her eyes
	layer_8: the fhierest color died out ofher cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierest color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierest color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmaes er tas withe bat thade wok
	layer_4: shmrae here thase with a by tetter wok
	layer_6: sherased her lays with a batetic wok
	layer_8: she raised her lace with a bathetic wok
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic lok

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: im tespratlen love with ty e entedin tis quie es way
	layer_4: i'm despratelyn love with thyu he infered in thes quieas way
	layer_6: i'am desperately n love with you he anfered in this quirus way
	layer_8: i'am desperatelyin loved with you he answered in this quirest way
	layer_10: i am desperately in love with you he answered in this quietest way
	layer_12: i am desperately in love with you he answered in thes quoitest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: ilo cino hi dyoa l your wold this time
	layer_4: ilow conow hodyo thl your wouod this time
	layer_6: allo conel how dyou sel your woud this time
	layer_8: allow colnel how dyou sill your wood this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how do you sell yo wood this time
	layer_12: allo colonel how do you sell you a wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whike atting we mus chug you hreenacorder the stime thet thul
	layer_4: whike atting we must chat you threen acorter thistime the do
	layer_6: whyke atthing we must jhart you three n acorder this time the do
	layer_8: why at thing we must charg you three in a quarter this time the do
	layer_10: why at ting we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do
	layer_12: why at thing we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: seper wasoveren hir rethire tomet uppur berth thchweaitat long sideend over lokin the brataple were the capin t deeplyn gage havi no the other pali as as pincibl ponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retirt o mit upperburth shi chwat ad long sid an over looking the bracktable were the caping wth deeply ingage havig now the otheir pily as of princible appon it
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mete upper birth suchwated long side and overlooking the bracktaple where the captain with deeply engage having now the other pily as is principle apponit
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to met uper birth suctuated along side and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilyt as his principal opponet
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to mi upper birth situated alongside ind overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilt as his principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper birth situated alongside in overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilote as his principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: hader insaret then ten takeen sux wredthe ids goot te do at tot no canvar wolyv the gadnow is cating mery worm
	layer_4: had er ngeorert then antaken in sixcward ther bid sgood see dto it tomon a can ver woldeve the gae now is cutting merght awor
	layer_6: had hor n jored th and takening six cordthe bihs good see dto it tomps ona cant veryell leave the game now as ceting might wrm
	layer_8: had her njord thn an takening six cortebis good see o it tomson i can' very ell leave the game now i's getting ight warm
	layer_10: had her njore then in takeing six corthe bits good see do it thompson i cant very well leave the game now it'sgetting riht warm
	layer_12: had her insore then in taking six corther bits good see do it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting riht warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this prolieds benias all thesmash the woeldy tomplited o we pattle onagae
	layer_4: this poleds benhin s all the smashe the wouad e completed o we patled on aget
	layer_6: this pilets beating s all this mashe the woad he completed we pattled on a get
	layer_8: this pilots beatig is all this mashe the woud y completeda we pattled on a get
	layer_10: this pilot's beatin is all thi smashed the wood he completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beating is all thi smashed the wood he completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: therer inse stomelarnd the game and they dilardtit
	layer_4: the ensuste varind the game and they di lertit
	layer_6: theiere inxusto lerned the game and they didlerd it
	layer_8: theiwre anxious to learn the game and they di lert it
	layer_10: they wre anxious to learn the game and they dilert it
	layer_12: they wre anxious to learn the game and they dilert it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil whit all heste sim nges thei kc intinyoe pling herg won it tom larn bhegamn
	layer_4: still wit all these e s amanages the continyu plaing lheyg one ite o learne tegaime
	layer_6: still with all these as a manages thyt continue plain they wanet it to learn begamn
	layer_8: still with all these isavantages they continue playng they wanted to learn thegame
	layer_10: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: o protkgliblys ser wreplie the mat wie cinscircely t hell wa hadbo be ar ma ing for weur blie to hep he it alda giver and thereis a shudof of fagrasin
	layer_4: ot preti cliblys ser breplie the mate wie anscarcely thel wehad a be aurmake ing for wyeur  blye to eep ha ite old the giver and there is h shed oofe o fagrasig
	layer_6: epretic ulibly's sir replied the mate we can scaricely tell wha headbo we aure making for we a ebla to keap then it old thegover and there is the shedofe a fogrized
	layer_8: e pretti glibbly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what hedr we are making for we are abliged to keep them at ol thegover and there is the shaddeow of a fog rizing
	layer_10: ell pretti glibbley sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headv we are making for we are obliged to keep them at oll the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: ell pretty glibblys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headbey we are making for we are obliged to keep them at oll the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: thiswitsims rofor boter n thaot y to can ay gel ofaces but warning aly out agen a musbeloking ou frm or
	layer_4: this whits hims rotd for bether han that we took an a gilofaces but werdningaly outagin an must belooking oat fo mor
	layer_6: this witshms rau ford beter than that we took an ni gillow faces but werdning a leout againt and must be looking out for mor
	layer_8: this wit sems roud fer better than that we took ani gllow faces but werening a le out again and must be looking out for mor
	layer_10: this wit seems ro far better than that we took in  yellow faces but were ning a le out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this wit seems roh fur better than that we took in ta yellow faces but were ning a le out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i s al lid dos te haln the briat shall we hal
	layer_4: i s a'll ligt just to huwon the brat shll we hale
	layer_6: a's i'l lit just a hao on the brat shall we hele
	layer_8: 's al light just to ha on the brat shall e heal
	layer_10: i's al light just  ha on the rat shall we hal
	layer_12: i's all light just ta ha on the brat shall we hail

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jasiest were pi the capt ten rim the bel an afomics theprce a woalde apper
	layer_4: jesyist were pye he cap ben rn the bel an augtemechs the perch of would aper
	layer_6: jesies repyed the capn reamd the bellan aimutchs the parth of wat apper
	layer_8: yes yes replied the capan rind the bell and aimat's the path of woad appear
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain rined the bell and afomat's the path of wood appear
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain graned the bell and afomat's the path of wood appear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i hat yoully han e ars ouble kens
	layer_4: i fht youly an he rs oble kigs
	layer_6: i fougt youl and hers tele kings
	layer_8: i hought yuli an nhers doble kings
	layer_10: i hought youian hears doeil kings
	layer_12: i thought youlian hear s dobele kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: dell ser f e plaesd ben al oclextime
	layer_4: tl serif fe please ben r lock lex time
	layer_6: deal sir if you please ben r luck lexs time
	layer_8: teal sir if you please benrluck lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please ben rlucklex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please benrlucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot u pelts woisif thae gan hero deck how wa cha you
	layer_4: the other pltes boyce wof the gain her aun deck how lat ch abe you
	layer_6: the other pites voice wih again hurn o deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice was again herd o deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: nle bout ctencort ser was wereplivd the youthfulsilvemen
	layer_4: only bout tuncortsir was replive the youthful sailsmen
	layer_6: onlyabout ton ort sir was replied the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ton cort sir was replied the youthful salsman
	layer_10: only about ten cuoart sir was replid t the youthful salsman
	layer_12: only about ten cuoart sir was replid to the youthful salsman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theeappin hearitl tomsendtak uxourds which wa last o tyliht in agenterntid thetenciento the gam
	layer_4: thecappen heritl tomsindotake sixcourd which wil last o lney liht in againtern et the tention to the game
	layer_6: the cappin hereital tomsinda takes sixcords which wuld last to ltaylight ind again turn o tettention to the game
	layer_8: the capin here atoll tomsond cthaks six cords which would last til laylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_10: the captain herer told thomson to chake six cords which would last til daylight and again turn hits attention to the game
	layer_12: the captain herer told thomson to chake six cords which would last till daylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: tupalit ser change laces when did thyslepe
	layer_4: te palet te r change laces whene did they sleep
	layer_6: the palets y or change places whene did they sleep
	layer_8: the palats tyor changed places whene did they sleep
	layer_10: the palot o your changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palots to your changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wit ikcen en techarfan agan toer place in the miralf the srem powdling onas ual da atlin don
	layer_4: whitheakcan en the care ovf an agan toger place in the miterlvf the sream powdling on as usal day outling don
	layer_6: wita c an in the careofan agan took her place in the miderl of the shream podling on is usual day at length done
	layer_8: witak and in the careovan again took her place in the midel of the shream podling on as usual day at length dan
	layer_10: wittak an in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the shream padling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_12: wittak an in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the sream padling on as usual day at length dawne

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: iad risen o wee out with e capen ton joyaro ye ur the blofs
	layer_4: i ad rison on wernt out with a capen too anjoy of yeurf the blups
	layer_6: i had risene an went out with a captain to enjoy of you of the blufs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a viou of the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with ha captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with ha captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: taridtais ecclin the hhaptan stoper
	layer_4: lheridis excleym thecatan stoper
	layer_6: ther days exclin the captain stopper
	layer_8: teirdays exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_10: ther days exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_12: ther days exclaimed the captain stop her

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gon
	layer_4: he was gon
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wadee uskise o chimsantan te tins
	layer_4: no wal deep luskise of comsen nan bhetince
	layer_6: no mor deep lu skyes of hims in anambertens
	layer_8: no more deep lue skyes of himsen nambatens
	layer_10: no more deep blue skyes of crimson nambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of chrimson nambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sadt by aselff at the fire wieh oun liht ot candeles on the table behinder an ge ls thr the day the happe wok hape scaching jharfle pesn dinno and the in comftofbl misrbl workin the gardem
	layer_4: she sad by aself at the fire with ounlighted candles on the table behind er an gin olvrth the day the happywalk happy scatching jeful pleasen dinnor and the ancomfotable misurable wolkin the garden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching caful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cherful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: har was she dostrben then hapfy het caos a rinsting herd mae anythin lhu to e fs of hin bosibal while he not many minits aof to heinmedt withe rejection a what ordwa bem the deepes t hoise wie pose alof his life cu speag as if its brece suxcciss andn ol a sple ficiale coms aquences of ea goot haus cnevern a grable esiety wie the seollofard objecs o hiv ies is older
	layer_4: her was she dostirbdrin than hapfy he caose  rnsting hard mavde anythig licho efuse of in posible while he not many minus afte he hadmed withthe rejection a what ordrafe ben the deepest holies wreposeal of his life cuspeg as if it's bries success and ollessopeficial comsequenc is of a good haes cnever n a greeable to city with t a soll ovoud objecs of hus ies ies ol der
	layer_6: here was she disturbed in than hapfy because he rinsting hard made anything but ao refuse o impossible while he not many minues affter he had met with a regection or what ordew have been the deepest holiyes reposeal of his life cuspak as if its briese success and all i superficial comsequences of a good hales clever in agreeble tociety wirth a sol about objects of hise desyrs oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and than happy because her instict had made anything but a refusea impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ordohave been the deepest holliest proposal of his life couspeak as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good hoalse clever n agreeable society werth ha sol avoutd objects of his desirs oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whele he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ortu have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society were the sol avoued objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and un happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with ha rejection of what orto have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life could speak as if its brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society were the sol avowed objects of his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: a mo the caming to the rom befuor dis wie of tose wash he justet ing tianyh thing lyk orter
	layer_4: amother came ing to the room before tis woill of thouse wath a justed intoanyhthing like ader
	layer_6: imother came into the room before this worl of thous wath a justed into anything like order
	layer_8: y mother came into the room before this worl of thougs was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: er mother came into the room before this world of thours was adjusted indo anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this world of thours was adjusted indo anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mistor haal sipt his to in nochdrect et silens morgeret headthe risponses lnto hiself
	layer_4: mister hal sipt his toheinachractetsilenc mareret hathe responses alto hiself
	layer_6: mister hale sipet his te inow tract et silenc marbaret had the responces al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea annotracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and owbtracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and owbtracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for gout that he had not mai than me ofer
	layer_4: she for got that he had not ma than hen orfoer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them then offr
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them anoffer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margrt was wreparing he motdhas werst ef wek and all the srinking from  vought of the lo eming aind wisheng bet tie wre con thes she my go  vor the eivvaenceofdhe day ogin
	layer_4: morgaret was wereparing hem motehers worstive work and all the shrinkin from th thought of the long evening and whishing bed tie were come thats she my ga o vit the vv ence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and rall the shringkig fro he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the evente of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and rall the shring came from he thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime weure come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and rall the shrink came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and rall the shrink came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: loprt
	layer_4: logrs
	layer_6: lorgrs
	layer_8: langrs
	layer_10: largrs
	layer_12: largus

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: oon spete vaut som thn veory see mis trsof
	layer_4: anet o spe t you botsom then vtery semis to ha so
	layer_6: i wanto speak t youabout some thin very see mois to so
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very seeious to usa
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us al
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very senious to us all

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: thery serris to hsall
	layer_4: vherry seres to a sol
	layer_6: verery seris to a soul
	layer_8: very seroust to a soul
	layer_10: very cerious to a soul
	layer_12: very cerious to a soul

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: misto lenexsand never ha the ope unlity of enin any poose co the sation witht e fal ther of to ho refsl or al s thad uld indee be avvery se mhis of fair
	layer_4: miste lenecs a never had thy o pecunluty of heming anypois conhe sation with a father ofter her revusal or al sthad whut indee b a very se mussuf fair
	layer_6: mister lenics ad never had the orpecunity of haming any poi eas comisation with a father after her revusal or els that would indee b a very se miusaffair
	layer_8: mister lenox had never had the opporcunity of having any poyes comversation with he father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poys conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any pos conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not o bot anything whicheving only latle an sue ly a gurd could have given rised towan he copigadid touts that ar farl ther wishd uspeto her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not obout anything which having only latlan suden ley agurd could hav givan riced to any compicatid thoughts hat a fathe wishe oa spek to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly ocgurd could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wish to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mis the hail de not alnds uf form m doter
	layer_4: mister haldid not ouns o for  mnr doto
	layer_6: mister hel did not answer for minadoto
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a minue ogtwe
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a minute ortwo
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: mallgrt coud not bay the sihteof the suspenc with wse wen mordestressing to har fathat anto hselvf
	layer_4: margaret could not ba the sight of the sinspense wich was heven mor distressing to hare athat nto herselvf
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of the sinepence whch was even more distressing to here fathert hanto herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense whch was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but w diefar dio telmeg
	layer_4: but wy dapofot din tell me
	layer_6: but why dop afout don't elld me
	layer_8: but why do papa don't tell me
	layer_10: but why do papa don't tell me
	layer_12: but why do papa don't tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: becas im must no long gof bi minister in the church of ing ond
	layer_4: becus im must no long of been minister in the church of engant
	layer_6: because i must no long of be anminister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: thet nothing to the shoptuo reseepromng his to has la spate what could ye mem
	layer_4: the nothing to the shote receep rom mis to hal's laspeach what could hou men
	layer_6: tut nothing to the shoktee receie from mister hils laue speech what could yhou mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shocche received from mister hale's lare speech what could yhou mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shrokthr received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shroktry received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was an he wrs for bingso ri starriaus
	layer_4: it was o e wers for being so resterius
	layer_6: it was aln he wors for being so resterious
	layer_8: it was all e worse for being so rysterious
	layer_10: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_12: it was all the worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: whak kin yoe no long of be a clertioon
	layer_4: whi cin you know long of e aclagumn
	layer_6: why can you know longer be a clereyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soly i the beshu wita allwing mo but firy and the hard in just
	layer_4: sorly it the bishad witol allwing mo about fedry and the heard ind just
	layer_6: surely if the bisho were alld all we now about fredery and the hard an just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were talld all we know about fredery and the hard and just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were tall all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were tall all we know about frederick and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lokgret i will tel you boates
	layer_4: lagret i will tell your boutet
	layer_6: largaret i will tell you about it
	layer_8: mlargaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: margaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: or re lonsor any questires thisponcs thut ofte to nit leteust nave speecovitagin
	layer_4: a relansor any questirs this once thut afte to niht letas nerber speek of itagain
	layer_6: i relans ar any questurs this once but after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_8: i relanser any questores this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will ancswer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i woill ancwer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i cand led the conti quencees of myt painful nmisable dhout but itdis e negfort beyon me toseakal what has caos my so wed suffring
	layer_4: i can ned the consiquencees oft my painful nmisrable dout but it is aneug ord beyon me to speaka what has cals me so wints uering
	layer_6: i can ned the concequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is aneffort beyon me to speako what has cauls me so ment suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful misurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsd me so meh suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not douses t rilagion mlon the sli es indreto that he pausd
	layer_4: no not doutsas to wrelagion no the slightise indreato that he pausd
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion now the slightes indrey thoe that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion no the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: lagerat sigt as if staning on the weorgeaf somenyoa hoor
	layer_4: wargaret sid as if standing on the worge of some yoa horra
	layer_6: margaret sihe as if standing on the worge of some nehorro
	layer_8: margaret sighd as if standing on the worge of some ne horro
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the werg of some new horro
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the worge of some new horo

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: ma ret howin lot the hl dy jucd frorm wechime to e shurtout
	layer_4: maged howin love the holdyjuce from withohme to be shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i love the hold y chorge from which m to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i love the holdy churge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not goon fo a mon menjato
	layer_4: he could not go n for a lmommen jato
	layer_6: he could not go on for a mo men joto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment ortwo
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: molbgert coul notill wat to say a seeme to heres teribeu masteriouss os i fe fall ther wer about d on m hm tn
	layer_4: wmargart could nottill what to say a seemd to her ess terobl umisterious is if fa fa the were about dton mr him ratn
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemd to her es terriblyu mysterious as if ar father were about t t rn mhiitn
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to herasterribly mysterious as if her father were about to trn mahaetin
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to drn ma hemetin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to dorn mahemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the onestat foundation of her hom of ir i dy of for bloveed fother them reling a wooking
	layer_4: the oncestat foundation of her hom of ver ide of o blovit father thim reling a wraking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of e belovrd father shem realing and walking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seeme reeling and walking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swollow downg the dri ch er king sof wheich had been heving ufron his heart it the tr and goint his ber ca c aid tok down ofol un whic h had o fem been weading lake id frormg which he thought he ad do rive sprint to ainter apon the cos in wiche was nowin bo
	layer_4: he swallowr down the dry choking soves which had beeng heving u trom his heard it the tu and goin to his ber case h a tok d owne vollu whiche had oftem ben weding laly hind from which heh thought he had de rivesrinth to enteroporn the cose in which he was now inbo
	layer_6: he swaollowed down the dryh choking sovs which had been heaving up from his heart if the tr and going to his bookcase he took down  vol which he had oftlen beein weading laely in from which he thought he had derived strenth to enter upon the couse in which he was now inbo
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobts which had been heaving up from his heart hithetro and going to his borok case he took down  volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cuse in which he was now inbored
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hithetro and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the couse in which he was now embored
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hithetro and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now emborged

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: lnissn dyi malgrt said he fbor hing one am er un a rast
	layer_4: nissen den malgard said he fou ing one aerun her rast
	layer_6: niendea margaret said he put ing one armaround her rased
	layer_8: lisen de margaret said he puting one arm around her raist
	layer_10: listen deare margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_12: listen der margaret said he putting one arm around her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god ble not  youse de one kind yet he will an a novher
	layer_4: when god will not use den onekind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use den one kind yet he will an another
	layer_8: when god will not use den one kind yet he will and another
	layer_10: when god will not use dene one kind yet he will and another
	layer_12: when god will not use dene one kind yet he will and another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if wen thou ar charie with grupting gaol's wishi farsiuffin thy wous theu pretendes and tsesseste or it onder to a continns in the menistrg
	layer_4: if wen though ar charge with grubpting ga's wership farsufing thywous theih pretendest and te sessesty or it onoder to a continuans ind the minestry
	layer_6: if when though are charged with corupting godswership farlsofind thy rous thouh pretendestd and necessisty for it ownaode to ac continulance in the minustry
	layer_8: if when thou are charged with corrupting gods worship falsifying thy raus though pretendest and necesity or it own oda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy rous though pretendest and necessaty wer it own anaoder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy wous though pretendest and necessaty wor it own anaoder to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he ret this and glansant mlish mort which she did not wed whe gaine res a ution for himsolf and feltses ife he to couovf be brave and tfomm indaing s ot he beeve to e iht at as he seesed he head morgrts lo con vulso so an his currit singd downt un thet the cknd sinc of sofing
	layer_4: as he read this and glanceant michmor which he did not ret he gan resalution for himsolf and feltas if he two could be brabe and fhm indoein shat he believed to bwit at as he seesed he heard magrets low conbulsi sob and his courried sang down under the ken sinse of sufring
	layer_6: as he read this and glanceond much more which he did not reat he gain resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brabe and frm in dong what he believed to be wige at as he ceased he heard margarets low conbulsi sob and his curried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be wright but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his couried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not wread he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sankg down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: ihave bon lang whith soffrpole ther would ha rous aning min les twalrpied and cowd e behen mine
	layer_4: i have won long with solf repoge therewould have rous any min less twbeitn and coudly ehan mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with salf repoge therewould have rouse any mind less trpin and cowdly thain mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with sef reporche there would have roused any mine less trpin and cowadly than mine
	layer_10: i have bone long with self reproch there would have roused any mind less tarpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have bone long with self reproch there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shuki's hedes ou inton
	layer_4: he shook his hed is you wenton
	layer_6: he shook his head as you ent on
	layer_8: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magrets i rid to do it i tri to contend mysel was simflurefewsing vid disto reermand and sopin qui tly heare strang tem mie contions now as a hadstraind ed pefor
	layer_4: margaret i crid to do it i crihd to contend mysel with simfly refeuthing ti dista preveant and sopin quitly heere strangling my contcions now as i had straind ed before
	layer_6: margaret i cryed to do it i tried to contend myself with simply refusing the disioanal preveralment and soppin quitely here strangling my conscience now as i had straind itd before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing th aditional preverament and stopping quitly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional prevriment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional prevriment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: fouht hoki na
	layer_4: got o gis me
	layer_6: gohts ugis me
	layer_8: god's ogis me
	layer_10: god forgives me
	layer_12: god forgives me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: heuras and work up andown th riom speakinlo weads of sefwe prog ad whe theiation a which margret was tan furto haput a fe
	layer_4: he ros ind walk up and down the rim speakin low wrds of sefwye proce an whu teeation a which margret was tangful to h but afe
	layer_6: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of selfwy proage and humliation o which margaret was thankful to heare but a few
	layer_8: he rose and walked up and down the rom speaking low words of selfe proach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: moget iretuin to theal said brdim wemust lleve elston
	layer_4: margaret ie retoito the l said burdenm wremust leve helstom
	layer_6: margaret i returnto the old said burdon we must leave helston
	layer_8: margaret i returned to the ol sad burden we must leave helston
	layer_10: margaret i returned to the olsad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i returned to the ollsad burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: es
	layer_4: yus
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i hav ritinto the bishur i dary sa ie toldyours sobut i forgettingstus now taid nmis ther hile thalatig int s de presst man a soomins hecan gi t okc lfhart mactrof fac detildf hin forming haim of mainetangeen to resin his pecurige
	layer_4: i hav ritento the bishar i day sar have told you so but i forget things tus now said mister hail calaptaing into his de presst mane a son inshe can to took of hard matraf tec deateld hin forming him of mintangion to resin thes pikurage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hal collapting into his depressed manner as soonachy came to took of hard mattero fac detail informing him of my intengien to resignhe' s mikorage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tok of hart matter of fac detale informing him of my intention to resign this meakurage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detaile informing him of my intention to resign this vikarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detailes informing him of my intention to resign this vikaurage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they o thut what i have triht upom myself ror thoautn wa
	layer_4: they u but what i have tried upon mysel vr thaut inwale
	layer_6: they ar but what i have tried upon myself irh that nwel
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself without wail
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself without awail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without awail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wu be aile but wis favwes wholdwbe tepaoting fo my dy appeople
	layer_4: that wul be acrile but wrs farwors will wit the porting for mydeappeople
	layer_6: that woill be a til but wors farwors well with eparting for my deaa people
	layer_8: that woill be a trial but worse farworse wirl we departing for my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worsce far worse will we departing fror my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing fom my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: hoe will comed starit usto row
	layer_4: he will come tostay with hus to oreow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us tomorrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was i to reseon sada men
	layer_4: was it to beson sademen
	layer_6: was it to be som sada men
	layer_8: was it to be some sadon men
	layer_10: was it to be some sad er men
	layer_12: was it to be some sad er men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what dis mawa sa
	layer_4: what is malosay
	layer_6: what des malasey
	layer_8: what dis mala se
	layer_10: what does mila say
	layer_12: what does mila say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: maogbret i ame hepul calwind ouft toral i can ontd bad to givde pained
	layer_4: malgret i am apo callwein ofter all i can on bea to gid paind
	layer_6: margret i am a pool callwt after all i cannont bea to give pain
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool callwed after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a poor cawe after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a pool cawat after all i cannot bear to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in the she moast aid logrd
	layer_4: yes indheed she must said lagerd
	layer_6: yes inded shoe moust said logret
	layer_8: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margaret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: aps ofralld she manot  yes
	layer_4: the haps o rall she may not  yes
	layer_6: perhaps offfral she may not oyes
	layer_8: perhaps offter all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she weol she must pbe short as a fourseof the blo rytouned upon herself entring to ra lise how w n nobher wurdaket
	layer_4: she wal she must be shod as a forceole the blow returned upon herself and cring to rea lize how another wered taket
	layer_6: she well she must be shoked as a forceol the blow returned upon herself ind crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_8: she will she must be shocked as ta force ol the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she will she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she will she must be shocked as te force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mille to no then e ansid withe don in diffenc for heyat po heeve that o theuh he stougt ofs love nd mahte her clamnto him a for a momenstrie o sewo t hire wit ha lo beeat the keness of the pame was es fresioes ever an whem mind
	layer_4: to mill to nor then he ancwerd with a do indiffance for he hat paeeved that althouh he s doght os love hand made her clain to him and for a moman strie to su thin with helov be eat the keness of te pain was as fresioes ever in he mind
	layer_6: to mil to knor them he answered with a dun indifference for he had perceive that although hes daughtas love had made her claime to him and for a momen strived to sooth him with herlove yet the keyness of depain was as fresh s ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to nowthem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to sooth him with her love yet the keeness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mil to nouthem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to mil to nothem he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapaign was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mel to en orthe
	layer_4: milto he orther
	layer_6: milto hen arthern
	layer_8: milt on thanorthern
	layer_10: milton t northern
	layer_12: milton the northern

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he te saindiscontn indi fr way
	layer_4: yes said he the sanedisconden endif fren way
	layer_6: yes said he and the samed isponden in different way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: lat he wit this crak in ce wittovf simpithyg reden herface as in he merer the reflections of his o modedepresion and ternded offwid hin effet
	layer_4: tut heg whith this qreak intu itive simpth rea en her face as in a merrar the reflections of his o modydepression and turneded offfit inerfert
	layer_6: but he with this grick intuitive sympthy wread in her face as in amiror the reflections of his own moodedepression and turned it off withan effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in emirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in amirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: ye shall be till do oet
	layer_4: ou shall be tol d o mabaret
	layer_6: you shall be told o moberet
	layer_8: you shall be told o maberet
	layer_10: you shall be told o margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told o margaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: ole held me to tll yo lother
	layer_4: oly helt me to till you mother
	layer_6: only help me to tel your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i n ging ut fof the day to it fa the jobpson in the po peblo bace common god by
	layer_4: iam ging ath for the day to bit fa the jobson in the purl peobleonbracy comman god by
	layer_6: i am going ut for the day to bit fa the dobson in the po people on bracy common god by
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poo people on bracy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whichyoe dis like bratkn et to hea ver n lucge walgert
	layer_4: whid you dislike brakin it to her bery luch wagert
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her bery much walgaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: mager diddis liket dit thing from ret mor him rom anypingued ever ha to doind whelife befur
	layer_4: marger did as likeit dithring from it more themn from anythingtued ever had to doin her life before
	layer_6: margae didt aslike it dithring fom mit more than from any thing she had ever had to do ing her life before
	layer_8: margaet did't islike it didching fom it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret didt dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she ad ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did't dislike it ditchring from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hele hrrk his had the spon ig l h prest er hand ind tocen of wratitd
	layer_4: misster hal shook his head th sponingly he pressther hand in tocn of ratitued
	layer_6: mister hel shook his head tespondingly opressed her hand intoken of rattitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly ho pressed her hand in token of ratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly who pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly who pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: marg rot pus neliup sinteganing tr birst of cin
	layer_4: margaredt pus nely up sentagain into burst of pyin
	layer_6: margaret pasnaly up sent again in to burst of ping
	layer_8: margaret was nearly up set again into a burst of cine
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of prine
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of prine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to drn her thulds she said no tell meh pal what up lanser
	layer_4: to don hr thoults she said no tell me popa what up nanser
	layer_6: to dorn her thoughts she said now tell me popa what up mansar
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up manza
	layer_10: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_12: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up manza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: ou ed meu mo have soe mone in du pen tan of tein comfon the lifving have not ou on cha has inknow
	layer_4: you had ma mo have some money in dependen of the incon fom the living have not you on cha has i know
	layer_6: you ad mama have some money in dependen of the incom from the living have not you n ca has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shar has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: semvmen te of that has ol wis col to fregric sintehas been ha brd
	layer_4: seven toe of that has all was con to fregoric sinti has meen a broud
	layer_6: seventyu of that has alwas gonto fredric sinti has been abroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick sincehe has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have somepaefor sirving withespan shaing
	layer_4: hemust have soge a pay for serving with te span shaoring
	layer_6: you must have somea pay for serving with the spansharming
	layer_8: you must have sume pay for serving with the spanish arming
	layer_10: you must have somer pay for serving with the spanish armyg
	layer_12: you must have some pay for serving with the spanish armyg

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fe drick musnot serer fand laprt to sidele in a for cuntr sowin jeustli treti b s an randes is left
	layer_4: freddret must not serfer san marbert disidely in a fan cuntry so in juslytreeted by his own  handes is left
	layer_6: federic must not suffer said marbet decidely in a foren country so in justly treated by his on e hunders is left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said marbert decidedly in a foreig country so unjustly treated by his awm a hunders is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm ahundres is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm a hundres is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: sain ist hl that would not ansir i mustdu somne thaing
	layer_4: said mis thil that would not ansert i must dow something
	layer_6: said miste hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i c n al was de si bet tapi myself ad not inmtflas by thos wel my love said he as a haff poliddiy for having te raing so migh brefou yat toldt any one of b his pamdy of is inmtntions
	layer_4: ikconoll was de sid bet ifo myself and not imflunce by those whom my love said he as a half e polidy for having harain so miced befor yet told any ne of his famthy of his ntentions
	layer_6: i can nalways decide betefor myself and not infuunce by those whom i love said he as a half epoligy for having arraine so muhct before ye told any one of his famty of his ingtentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better fy myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arrained so much before hyet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraignged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraigned so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can ol s tam ofjections
	layer_4: i can oltstan ofb jections
	layer_6: i can nolt stan objections
	layer_8: i cannotstand objections
	layer_10: i cannot stand objections
	layer_12: i cannot stand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: thaer mae me son do sidet
	layer_4: ae make me so an desided
	layer_6: i make me so un decideit
	layer_8: i make me so unddecidet
	layer_10: i made me so undecided
	layer_12: it made me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: misto hale comtongud ae few monsa gol whend mye mis youhof dat biecan mol tha li could bay rithout s beeaking i rod to is th bell youw membomis to bell mogert
	layer_4: mis to hale continud a few monsago when my misru of dap becan moe bha i could bey without sbeking i rot to misstobell you membomisto bell mogert
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few monhsago when my misery of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrope to mister bell you remember misster bell mogaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could ber without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: now i d ove the so hem lithing
	layer_4: no i nevea saw him mi thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him i thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and anyerat he has folpetye ver which has wrery witkhin preasedt an vealdin s an's ml tan has becomt such a laiseuman ye fatring toln
	layer_4: and anyrat he has foperty vr which has rery mikan reaset an vealvees andcs mild tin has becom such a lagman yu factring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has fpopirty there which has very mi eancreased tanvalvies ind smilton has become such largeman u facturing town
	layer_8: at any rate he has poperty there which has very muh increased an velvies and smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased an velviness in smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased an valviness ind smilton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i do no that he gaimy id srianth
	layer_4: i do no that he game me mit sranth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gae me migt spranth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strendth
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strenth
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strenth

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv wh cutr
	layer_4: a priva chutr
	layer_6: a priva cutr
	layer_8: a private tutor
	layer_10: a private tutor
	layer_12: a private tutor

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: saim magret wooking scolful wat in theworll di magny factas wat withe classics olitritr o the a comlishoeso rageintlmon
	layer_4: said margret wooking sconful what i the worldi manyou factres at with t e clasics o litriture or the acomelisofs o egentlmen
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manu factures want with the classics or niteriture ar the accomlishmens of a gentlemen
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world ind manufactures want with the classics or mniterature or the accomblisthments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world din manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world din manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: o said he farther seme oof the lay seem to be fin fellos con t onse of vheirown difficioncies which is modthan mae manat boxsides
	layer_4: oh said her father some of then lany seem to be fine fellows contence of theron defficiencies which is more than many man at boxthad is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them rainy seeme to be fined fellows contance of their own defficiencies which is more than many man at boxthat is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them lrady seemed to be fine fellows contence of their own deficiencies which is more than many  man at broxvort is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them raly seem to be fine fellows conctence of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxford is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them raly seem to be fine fellows conctence of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxford is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: some ome the churdren to bepet instrocte tehen tayehn sel her beng
	layer_4: sm one the churren to be pet in structed than dheybeensellvf har beeng
	layer_6: som one the thuerun to be bett instructed than they beenselve have been
	layer_8: somewon te chiren to be better instructev than they bemselve have been
	layer_10: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in milt ton maret i shall fin te bis elife f no tha happy one and peopl and seinm so dir fent that i shall never bein min of helstaon
	layer_4: and in milt an wareret i shall fing to busy life if not i happy one and pepl and seen so different that i shall never be re mined of helston
	layer_6: and in milt on warbaret i shall find a busy life if not a happyone and people and seein so different that i shall never be reminied of hilston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeking so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhescodent as it was with allmist a dea thestation for alchad eveer herd of the nor f or veingland the mang i factres the keople the will d an beet country there was ismon ricomandation hie would be dif from from helston and couldnevrya mind themof that by loed place
	layer_4: discordent as it was with allmist a deteestation for authihad ever heard of the nor foengland be manufactures the keeople the wiledand breate country there was is on recmendation ie would be dif ferem from helston and could nevery mind them of that belovid place
	layer_6: discordent as it was with almist a detestation for aushe had ever heard of the nor ho england the manu factures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be differen from helston and could neverymind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild andblet country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleik country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleik country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen doee go
	layer_4: wen do we go
	layer_6: when do we go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i dou not knoyxate
	layer_4: i do not knowexati
	layer_6: i do not know exati
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i onisi trked o tho wit dhe
	layer_4: i won isi toklt othe with y
	layer_6: i wane is i talk it over with you
	layer_8: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i wanted to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: the see tur mothe novs nothing about ets geet but i tingk in a forhd nit alf to maidyed o resacgnationis sintin i shall have to wih to en lam
	layer_4: thi see your mother knos nothing about it get but i fin in a fourt night af t my ded o resignationes sentin i shall hav t wi to eng tan
	layer_6: o see your mother knows nothing about it get but i think in a fortnight after my ded of rosignationis sent him i shall have no right to eng lane
	layer_8: yo see your mother knowes nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent ig i shall have no right to rinlan
	layer_10: yo see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_12: yo see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: mar get wes l e stornd
	layer_4: marget was al o stand
	layer_6: marget was alostand
	layer_8: margaret was almostand
	layer_10: margaret was almost tand
	layer_12: margaret was almost tand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoved he self re meuoef ni
	layer_4: but she recomved his self remmudtifnly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remutivly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remutively
	layer_10: but she recovered herself remutily
	layer_12: but she recovered herself remutily

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: eest upart it had bet of be fix sonan the sitedly as yes say
	layer_4: yes bupart it had bedo be fix soon and de sidedly as e say
	layer_6: yes pepart it had beter be fix soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: fou formmanwear
	layer_4: fo forman wea
	layer_6: fol pormon we
	layer_8: oold por moria
	layer_10: po poor moria
	layer_12: po poor muria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: o i fi wen not marad be fi wio pbut my selfin he wod how eset would be
	layer_4: oh if fi woeld ot marrid e fi we but myself orn the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if  i were not married if i were but myself in the world how eas it would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said lalweet tiy i wil do it
	layer_4: no said mawat sailyou i will dow it
	layer_6: no said law wit sayy i will do it
	layer_8: no said marwrtsae i will do it
	layer_10: no said marbets addy i will do it
	layer_12: no said marbrets ady i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must mon t i see eselfpin to doubting the reatety of my wrdts my fixthin tention than rhisal
	layer_4: ho must not tiseiv youself into doubting the reatlity of my words my fixtintention and reso
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intenmtion and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: heloedat her ind the same stay sdole man er for sot mo ens afto had on speking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony mano for somte momands ofto had un speking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony manno for some moment's after he had unspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he hadone speaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the lessing of go beapon ve my chiled
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_6: the plessing of god be upon theve my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the nexe momen she fard les te sanser to his plessig mit be you rovrend rongd mind herd him as come pon his doter as she thru heroms a rount es nak
	layer_4: the nex momhench she fard less the sanser to his blessing might be u riverent ron mint herd him as comipon his dourgter as shou throegw her ams a round is neck
	layer_6: the next momen she fared less thisanswer to his blessing might be e riveren rong might heard him as comingupom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she fared less this answer to his blessing might be ereverent rong might huardt him as comingupom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming pfrom his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming upon his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard him lonent to himselvf the martes an confaas ad e minworpain to bear i wi nottring
	layer_4: she heard him mloment to himselvf the martes in confaces had e menmor painto bar i will nottriengk
	layer_6: she heard him momen to himself the marters and confacees had even oe pain to beare i will not trink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martis and confesses had even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him murmur to himself the marters and confesses had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him murmure to himself the marters and confesses had even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they e statl byng haryng withs as harlan quaringd for heor dorter
	layer_4: they wastartel by hering with his hail ind quiring for hr doghter
	layer_6: they wer startled by herring with his haile inquiring for her daughtar
	layer_8: they we startled by hering mithus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in siventeen fifety he camfort in the caretorfowih he wast amin telik qualiefit  an tajestc teture of mhoorl an wreliges wiston
	layer_4: in siventeenfifty he came fourt in the carctur a forwhich he was am inetla ualefid on the justicteathure of morl and were ligieus wiston
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the charactere for which he was eminently qualified a magestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the veacle whuc he chos was that of e parioutical paper whiche kne huld beenu pone forer accations inploidwith grit seccess
	layer_4: the vecle wich he chose was that of a perioutical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions imploied with gret success
	layer_6: the viicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with grit success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with greit success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin pobishing that paper i was a ta las howctonept
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that papu i was at ta las how ctonab it
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nae it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that pape i was at a loss how to nae it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i ssat do it nig t upon my beend side and resaovd the ti would notgotoseep toell had fixt ens til
	layer_4: i ssat dou it nigh to upon my bedside and resoved that i would not go to slep tillhad fixt it's tile
	layer_6: i sat dout at night upon my bed side and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i ad fixed its title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisons not was affiction in which unconeckoen frigments of his le cobrations were prpisly jumble together in his ad amanoerishe coud inort rtoreduse laiaboll fat
	layer_4: adisonc not was affiction in which unconecond fragments of his lucubrations br parpasely gumbled together in his a de maneras he culd in order to breduca lafabuleeffect
	layer_6: adisence note was a fiction in which unconneced fragments of his lucubrations were perposely gumbled together in his a demaneras he could in order to produc a laghable affect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as aw a manner as he could in order to produce a lafhable effect
	layer_10: adison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucuberations were purposely jumpled together in as awd ad manner as he could in order to produce a lagpable effect
	layer_12: adison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his luquberations were purposely jumpled together in as awd ad manner as he could in order to produce a laghable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: weresh jonsin te gbreviations er aldther stint and a plicble to each subject of wich the had his menge
	layer_4: wers jances a breviations or all de stingd and e plicabled to each subject of which the hed his mentint
	layer_6: wher as johnsons of breviations are all distinct and applikable to each subject of which they had is mentonte
	layer_8: where johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mention
	layer_10: where johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instes tris the folowngspese
	layer_4: for instance theris the following spessomen
	layer_6: for instance there is the following specomen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pomlhe connimities no sens of her previents of bad habis idgligint of time readye t ndertak crles to prcul aldcainsbyi time
	layer_4: publte conamities no sence of the previnlence of bad happits niglgint of time ready tundertake careles to persu all changed by time
	layer_6: public conamities no sense of the previlence of bad hapits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_8: public conamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfinins of others oncsuspecting es on experiinsd imagoning himself securaged's neglet never amagons they wo venter to treeatim il re y te frost expecting to be trostit
	layer_4: qonfadancs of others onsuspecting as on expiriencd he maguning himself secuer agets neglect never amagons they were venture to treet him itl ready to frost expecting tol be trost id
	layer_6: qonfidence of others on suspecting as unexperienctd imagining himself secur against neglet never imagins they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting tol be trostid
	layer_8: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglet never imagines they wire venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting toll be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting two be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you fhom bisies s thinking anersese tool be had
	layer_4: you tham bitious as thinking oners ese to behad
	layer_6: you fambicious as thinking oners easy to be had
	layer_8: youte ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: defect cinto pras pers dat tiffrnpirinnge
	layer_4: difect kind o prayse percue d at diffen pearics
	layer_6: deffet kinds of praise pursued at different perioance
	layer_8: diffrent kinds of praise pursued at different perias
	layer_10: different kinds of praise pursued at different peyrios
	layer_12: different kinds of praise pursued at different peyrids

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fance an ba
	layer_4: of the fancei in bado
	layer_6: of the fancian badrod
	layer_8: of the fancian badgrod
	layer_10: of the fancian badrd
	layer_12: of the fancian badroid

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: rn
	layer_4: rin
	layer_6: gri
	layer_8: grik
	layer_10: grik
	layer_12: grik

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scolls frensho like ladis
	layer_4: scallws frenchi like ladies
	layer_6: schollors frienship like ladies
	layer_8: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: tran to man by werds repeld by pasions
	layer_4: dron to man by words repeled by pasioncs
	layer_6: drowng to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawng to man by words repelld by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: ommin dng you nights bmy crusshing other passions bit they were trn
	layer_4: commondangar you nights by crusshing otheir passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger u nits by crushing other passions bt they rereturn
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions bt they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions bt they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: iuaility indis complite
	layer_4: equality indes complice
	layer_6: equality inders complincs
	layer_8: equality inders complince
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: su parartpouldoces inilence and enthe
	layer_4: supariourt puduces insellence and enthe
	layer_6: superiorte produces insolence and enthy
	layer_8: supriority produces insolence and enthy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and enti
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and enthi

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: tw a  r r gi d in each to privet intreist tolitle
	layer_4: too uch regd an each to privit interest tolitdl
	layer_6: two much regd and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard an each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard ind each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard ind each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confhet rcy wash opirias aver wo nos dhein conmenonse
	layer_4: of confet recy was supearias aver one nose the in conminions
	layer_6: of confedracy wats superiors ever one knowse the inconvenions
	layer_8: of confederacy with superiors everone knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withe e pos no itho arty everaman his orn epinion his o interist
	layer_4: with egls nothorta every mand his own opinion his o interest
	layer_6: with egls noauthority every maind his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: mand and wice hardl you nigtd scar sevo with out tlperan
	layer_4: man and wife hardl you nigted scasev withoutrobern
	layer_6: man and wife hardlyunited scarseva without chrulbrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: copyoutatho yifh tutown agains too how mat yl dan'st five
	layer_4: comp yutation yi'f to to wane agains too how med yell gainst five
	layer_6: computation oif too to one against too how medy'll gainst five
	layer_8: comutation if two to one against two how meddia gainst five
	layer_10: computation ive two to one against two how meddie against five
	layer_12: computation give two to one against two how meddiyl against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as in manty otaccaces igol ron in oposition tro convicton for i think cas any temprlgod eqully to be des ied with he regd and the mily earity of wr the men
	layer_4: in this as in many otherccases i go rong in ofposition tro convicton for i think scis any tempral good equally to be desired with the regord and themilliarity of wor the men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i thinks scars any tempral good equally to be desired with the regad and familiarity of worty men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hopwh shall be sonet hone year to ee ch other na amor ready way poring outow hartts
	layer_4: i hope we shall be somethon yer to each other and hav a or ready way a pooring outo ar heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be someton near to each other and have a mor ready way o pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometom nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: graeus benfit which one frent cen confr poni nothreisto grd and excight and elevat his verts
	layer_4: the grake hisbanif it which one friend t ken confir upon inother eis to gord and excight and elevat his vertues
	layer_6: the greates benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: the is youo mother wls dilpofor ef yuntili gentlypreseof the memvery of herlif and o her death an ig fsto for s i cooloern  full wise andinisent an the detth resined peeful and hoardy
	layer_4: this your mother willstill poform if you tilagently preserovf the memery of her life and ofher death anlighteso for s i coonlarn ouhful whise and unecend an the death resind peefull and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you giligiently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so for as i coln learn utsefull wise and inicent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i caln learn useful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifer so far as i can learn utheful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn utheful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and wholly

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canotfuor bho timachintid ni the wesn nor revilationdoni syu do hop thitl myin cree her hapones by a bayin her presets and that she may an her presen state llk with plesr apon every actovrt to whicher ins troctions wor exdauple have contriueted
	layer_4: i cannot for beto mitontha neither weson nor revilation de nis you to hope that tou main creae her hapeness by obaying her presepts and that she may and her presnt state lop with pleasure  pon every actr vrtu to which her instructions or example have contriuted
	layer_6: i cannot for ber tomitionthat neither reason nor revelation denise you to hope thar shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may and her present state looke with pleasure upon every acter virtue to which her instructions or example have contriputed
	layer_8: i cannot forbear to mition  that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wri doun minula wha youwr meber of her from yor erlias dys you will weded with guatelesh and wreceve fromitmany ins of sithing brecolecion when time m choermove eriyet father from you an yo  greaf shal be  machured to vhenaration
	layer_4: if you rite down min youtly wat you r member of her from your erlias yers you will readid with grac plei and receive from it many anse of swithing brecolection when thimechhoremove heryet faler from you and o r grief shal be m mechured to venerration
	layer_6: if you rite down minutelly what you re member of her from your ealiest years you will read it with great pleasiure and received from it many chinte of soothing recollection when time schau remove her yet falher from you and your grief shallbe macured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you ra member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of sothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what youaea member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you re member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no peethertytwo onpationce even under ekstren misery is onderfully lofty and as mot tobove the rant of stoicees um as the son of rovelthionis pritur  then the twiliht of pageniffulossifay
	layer_4: noberthirty two on patience even underextram missery is onderfully lofty and as muchabove the rant of stocesme as the son of rovelation is brightere than the twilight of pagonfhulosopa
	layer_6: nober thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan pil osophy
	layer_8: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of sthoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it mustinded be alout that the structurfehis sennces is expanded and often has some wat of the invrtion of latdn and thet he delited to ookxpress omilliourfhougtsin ni fil la soffic alaiwige being an this the reversof socprties whoit wassaid whel dused fulosove to the simplicity of coman life
	layer_4: it must indeed bealoud that the structureive his sentainces is expanded and often has somewat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to expresspfamilliour thoughts in nphillasoffica lihwage being ind this the reversof socaritis who it wes said woulduced fullosied to the simplicity of com int life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his senences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latton and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an nphilosophic al laguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it ware said wrereduced phullosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in n philosophical language being in this the reverse of socraties who it wes said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts inn philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this itled sharch has been eccod from one babalar to wa nother who haw con founded jontsonse essays with josns dictionery and because hye futit rigty in e luxs ican i ar lmiwhich to clut many words which had fallan inted docus but weresupported by greitofhortieos it is bed i magond at thate al of thees have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idld charge has been eccod from one baboleard to a nother who haw con founded joancons essays with jonsons dictionary and because he thoughtis riht in a lex acan of our linguhigh to callut many words which had fallan inte disuse but were supported by greato thorities it is be imagoned that all of thes have been into wovan into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idld charge has been ecoed from one babiler to another who have con founded johnson'e esses with johnsn's dictionary and because he thought it wright in elexacon of our language to colluc many words which had fallen into dissuse but were supported by greatathorities it as ben imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babllar to another who have confounded johnson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it righte in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intorwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intorwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stils diffrrs plain clot and broade
	layer_4: theie stiles differ s plain clouth and brokade
	layer_6: their stiles differ s plain cloth and brokade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: our stremus plasur has somesort of groning in compliing init wujdou not say tht it is ding of pan
	layer_4: ouer xtreemis plasure has some sort of growning an compliting init would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: ourexstremis pleasure has some sort of groaning and complating in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the hiust an fullest contentment offrs mor of the grve than of the mary ipsufaliceetas sa teset inperrut premit even fullisity and lusit moterat it self a presses
	layer_4: the highest and fullist contentment offrs more of the grave than of the mary ipsufilic itos say necetemperout premit even fullisity and less it moderatetself apresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa palicetos say nescy temperout premit even pholicity andless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafelicitos say nissy temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafhelicitos say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: socritye says that some gor tri domicts in one mas and o con found pin an plasr but not being a bil t do oit e bethut him it leasd to cuple the bo the tal meter dore sad thet in soro their sumnmucxur of plisur
	layer_4: sucrity says that some god tried tomixin one mas and o confound pain andplasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least ti cuple them by the taile meter door said that in sorow their somemecur of plasure
	layer_6: socrety says that some god tried domix in one mass and o confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the taile meterador said that in sorrow their some mixure of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and o confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal metrodor said that in sorrow their some mixure of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and o confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: natyure descoversis contfusand to use pandters hold that the sam motions an grmusses of the face that sir for weping sir for lafter tok and ended befor the one of the other be finished do bot a bserved the patrs maner of hanling and yu will be an dout to uich of the to the disine tens and the ixstrem of lafter dus at last bringters
	layer_4: natyoure discoversis confusond to us painters hole that the same motions and grmises of the face that serve for weping sere for laghter too and andeed before the one of the other be finished du but observe the panters manner of handling and you will be andoubt to which of the to the desine tens and the extrem of lafter des at last bring tears
	layer_6: natyoure discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimises of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished doe but observed the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to whitch of the two the designe tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bringtears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hol that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be endoubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be endowbd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefor comon andleus  speculitiv sos ar found be more proper for and morseccesful in the manige bmentdofafairs and the ellovated in ex qased of pinions of fullosify un fit forbises the shartthevasityof sol and thesuple an restles vol you billiy atening at disterbonagosations
	layer_4: and therefor commn and less speculitive souls ar foundto be more proper for and more seccessful in the managebment of afairs and the elevated and excuust opinions of fulossipy unfit for business the sharve vacity of soul and the supple and resless val yu buility attending it disterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an excuusit opinions of philocophy unfit for business thi sharp vavascity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it distirbarnegotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dsin to and in his inqsition coperhens alsercomstances and consiquonces hinders his l luction a lialengan wel andal this sufficion frcxsecutioncs wather of les or grat herawit
	layer_4: he who disonto and in his inquusition comperhens all sircomstances and consequences hinders his a lection a litalengan well andale this suffisciont fir xecutions whether of less or greater waihte
	layer_6: he who dis on to and in his inquisition comperehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engan well mandled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weigt
	layer_8: he who dies in to and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the lofti tho sidides is abot totter oponis tdescription of the plag that deselat d atens wone of his motern comemntators osurs thof reater that the histris nowgoin dto be ixseetingly som serious an pethudic and hince withtait airofe chuling gretulation with which a goo dan dros fortha choice morcul fo a cubered to were gailla faveret that this plag will give his histry amostegreaabl voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thu cidiies isabut toitterupon his description of the pleg that decolated athens one of his modtern commentaters aurs the rater that the histeros now goin to be exceedingly solmom srious ind pathutic and hince with hat arof chucling greatculation with which af good dame drassfort tha choice morcel from a coubared to were gal efavorrt that this pleg will give his histry amos a greable vor iety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to entter upon his description of the plegu that desolated athens one of his modern commontators assures the reader that the histori os now going to be exceedingly somemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morcal from a coubered to ere gale afavorit that this plagu well give his history amost agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendtators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupbard to regale af favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty tucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendtators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: sar the tr sbjeck for they histor pen
	layer_4: succh of the tru subjec for the historic pen
	layer_6: such of the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fo of empirs the deslation of happy centries splended sities  smoky in thir rans the pratus works ofe art tumbledin the dust the sraks oun grongs of hol nations a sending un do hevan
	layer_4: the foll of vempirs the decilation of happy countries splended cities smoking in their ruans the protistd works of art tumbled in the dust the sreks and grons of hol nations a sending undo heven
	layer_6: the fol of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudese works of art tumbled in the dust the sreeks and grons of whole nations as sending undo heaven
	layer_8: the fole of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fole of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fole of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the sreaks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thes tho eswrms of fls whichur so of an execratedt is ucls ovorman or creeated for th sustan suspiders and spiters on the other hand ar evad tentily mayde to divour fleys
	layer_4: thus thos swarms of flis which our so of an execrated as useless verman or cre ated for the sustants a spiders and spiders on the other hand aure evidently made d devour flis
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so of an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustantes of spidors and spidors on the other hand are evidently made to devour fles
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so offen execrated as useless verman are created for the sustanace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustinance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustinance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: ancut toditions spek muchvis lerning and of the gallent inmods he had maid indo the ded laingwiges ind which he had ma captive oa hoset of greakt nons an lotin verbs and brouht of rich buty an anten swws an apotigims which he was ant to porayde in hisd pub the c oranggs as a tri olfrt gunnale of yor his  spollia lpimu
	layer_4: ancent troditions spek much ofis learning and of the gallent inrodes he had made intof the deadlanguagis ind which he had made captive a host of greek nowns an latain verbs and broght off rich bouty in ancieent saws and apothigims which he was want to paraid in his publhi corangs as a triemfit general of yore his spollya opima
	layer_6: ancent traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroades he had made into the deadlanguages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and lattin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apotagims which he was want to perad in his publicarangs as a triumphet general of your his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns an latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient sas and apothagums which he was wont to parade in his public orangs as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegums which he was wont to parade in his public arangs as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothegums which he was wont to parade in his public arangus as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: yoiut was aservedhe evver that he seld o gout indo an ar ument without getyando a perpluity and then indo a pation with hi s adrsary for not being convincett gratis
	layer_4: it was observed owever that he seld om got into an orgument without getyginto a perplecxity and then indo apation with his advesary for not beeing convincstd  gratice
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a pasion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: his abod which he had fic at a boury ore country seet at a short distincsefrom the sity justat what is nowcald dutch street sooun abounded with pre of his ingi noity patd smok jaks thait requard a horse to worksthhm dutch ovancs that rosted meat without fire carte that went befor the horses whether coks that turnd agince the wind an other wrong heade cuotrivadses that a stonishd in colnfoundend all be holldrs
	layer_4: his abod which he had ficd at a bowry or country ceet at a short distance from the city just et what is nowcald dutchstreet soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patend smoe jaks that requird a horse to work them dutch ofvancs that rosted met without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned agains the wind and other rong headded coultrivedses that a stonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_6: heis abod which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just et what is now called duch street soon abounded with proofs of his inginuity pattent smoke jaccks that requiredto horse to work them dutch ovans that rosted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coxks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed corold trivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headded cotrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is in anowlage as in swoming he who flounders in splices of the serfis micxh mrne noys an a trac moore tension than the purl dover lho quit ly disin quest of trasues to the botom
	layer_4: it is in nowlege as in swoming he who flounders and splicies on the curfice mix more nois in atracmoretension than the purldiver wo quietly dies in quest of trasous to the votom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splacies on the surface makes mor noise an attracks mor attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies inquestive trasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearldiver who quietly dives in questovf treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the wromons by theis mns arected der collines for prceting their sity to gro i masurably populus they eased ditt of the most unnececarypepl and sentom to om habet an cltivat t elans conkredb them somepon j alsal they purpersly man tan wars fwa some oftheir animis noa only tokeep ther own men aaction forfere lest eitalnus the mother of corruption should bring upon them some wors in cunthniance
	layer_4: the romans by this means arected their colenies for perceeving their sity to gro immasurably populus they eased it of the most unnecessarypeople hand senim to m habet and cultivat the lands concrd by them sometimesalso they purpcely maintane wars wath some of their enmies not only to keep their own men anaction for fere lest idaleness the mother of coruption should bring upon them some worse in canvinience
	layer_6: the romans by this means errected their colonies for perceivding their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people than sent them to m habit and cultivate the lands conqured by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people then sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men anaction for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people then sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people then sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffor the lvs of along peas lugrus more pronisious then wr
	layer_4: and we suffer the iles of along piece luxurios more pronicious than wor
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxury is more prenicious than ware
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and thisalso was onreson whiur king fillop consented to send his sun jon aborn oiforn ecxs bodtion that he might take along withem a great numbere of hot yong men who wre then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was onres in whi our king fhillip concented to send his sunjaon apon ofor in exbodition that he might take along with him a great number of hot yong men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one res in why oure king phillip consented to send his sunjohn upon a foreand expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a forein expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other andase impeus artof thegladyatrs fropo sto itdself what th slather of young men what plasure fed with blod
	layer_4: what other en as the impious art of the gladyaters proposesto itself what the slohtter of young men what plasure fed with blo
	layer_6: what other end os the impious oart of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughtter of young men what plasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impioust art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty uners delad for thirain thand be suxcuserto thi fathers heansforth let nonit rom beclan orsfort
	layer_4: prince taketeoners delade for thi rain than be successor to thy fathers handsforth let nonate rom beslainefor sport
	layer_6: prince take the honnoers delayd for thy rain an be successor to thy fathers hance forth let none et rom beslaine for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honors delayed for thy rein and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let noneat rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honors delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honors delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let bests blod stainy an fomaserina and nomor homasids be theiractent
	layer_4: let beasts blod stan thy infomacarina and no more homasides be theire actant
	layer_6: let beasts blood staing the infamacarina and no more homasides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamou s erena and no more hamasides be there actet
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more homecides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more homecides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not a nufor the re fiht andodi brively but cerefully to in su mutc the they wer hist an curst if they mad ane his atation about wreceving their deth
	layer_4: it was not anough for the nafight an odie bravly but crfully to in somuc that they were hist and curst if they mad any has atation about receeving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and te di bravely but ceerfully too in somuch that they were hist and curset if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too in so much that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: thi ver girls themsels sefthe on
	layer_4: the very girls themselves sat hem on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the gining olve rfvalt
	layer_4: the gining of revolt
	layer_6: the ginning of revlt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this annexpected comand the supprs was crat on bord the ford
	layer_4: at this unexpected command the supprise was great  n bord the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was greaton board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: lite the firs ixsclimson
	layer_4: likhte the firs exclam som
	layer_6: likht the fires exclem some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: art t wit astoes
	layer_4: oat with astothers
	layer_6: what with as others
	layer_8: what with asked others
	layer_10: what with asked others
	layer_12: what with asked others

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf the stove with the masts ate worn
	layer_4: and stuf the stove with the masts ed ind waran
	layer_6: and stuff the stove with the masts eddin warin
	layer_8: and stuff the stove with the masts eddi warren
	layer_10: and stuff the stove with the masts eddind warren
	layer_12: and stuff the stove with the masts edind warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: di jyou hr m
	layer_4: di you her me
	layer_6: did you hal me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whosok crd haterus
	layer_4: who spoke crind haterous
	layer_6: who spok cried hatterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i ded said pen ad vancsingn toward tecoptin
	layer_4: i did said pen advensincn toward the coptain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancinntowards the coptain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i say anstred pen with inos i say weve hadaofo it and boe won' gl any for ther
	layer_4: i sa ansered pen with en oth i say weve had annouf of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with in oath i say we've had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shaent killous with hunger an workin the witer and they shain ligte the firs
	layer_4: you shent killos with hunger an work in the wtter and they shent lighte the firs
	layer_6: you shant killos with hunger and work in the witter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the faires
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: oif fyou wrepet what te man sas ansered haters ol hav you shoe ubenur caben n garded
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered haterus i' have you shur up ben your caben and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and garded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmorisheard
	layer_4: a marmor was herd
	layer_6: a mermer was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she anginre follo by plover and wrn went doun to is poset
	layer_4: the engenar followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_6: the enginir followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by clover and warn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the stem was son got up the ankrs er wad and the forword veared away easd cutting the uniced with hir stile prow
	layer_4: the steem was soon got up the ancers were wad and the forward verd away east cutting the ung eice with her steel prow
	layer_6: the stem was soon got up the ancurs were wayd and the forward vered away east cutting the yung ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bering iland an beacture point there ara consideabl contity o ilans in the mist of icefels the streems croud dogether in heotl chnels which cut uptis part of the se the had a tended a to a gloorite undor the relt ovly lotemportur homok wer forn t her an thereand these mass o weredy mor comepact denser and clocere together would soune form an impenit rable maus
	layer_4: between bering ilend and beachure point there or considable cantity of islans in the midst of icefeels the streams crowed together in the little chaneals which cut up this part of the see they had attendesy to a glomerat under the realit ofely lowt emporture homs were formed her in thereand these mases alrady more compact demcere and clocered together would soon form an impenitrable mas
	layer_6: between bearing island and beacher point there are a consideable quantity of islands in the midst of icefields the streams crowed together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature humics were formed here and there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soon form and impeneterable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a ttendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummoks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beech er point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beech er point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to aglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' begini not to and sired wal
	layer_4: i'm begin a not to and swered wall
	layer_6: i'm beginna not too answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginnig not to answered woll
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wol
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wooll

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatteres still hopeeto find an open see beown the sevly sof it th peralel as ser ad werd belter had don
	layer_4: hat erus still hope to find and open sea beyoun the sevily s of ath parilel as ur adwrd bilture had done
	layer_6: hatterus still hope to fined and open sea beyond the sevetysofatth parale as sir edward beltuere had done
	layer_8: hatterus still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: aot he totreethesecounces a pocraful
	layer_4: ought he to treeat hes accounces apariful
	layer_6: aught he to treath these accounces a pocraful
	layer_8: ught he to treath these accounces aporiphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accountses apocriphol
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accountsas apocriphol

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nexhtay the son set for the firstime endding thus the long suris of das with tweny for ous a them
	layer_4: the nexday the son set for the firstime ending thus the long suries of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time anding thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had inded by getin a customto the contony a daylight but it had never mayd any differncs to the animals the green on dogs ont to their rast at theira custon dowr and dick sluptas regou laly evry uvening as sto dartinasad coveren the sciy
	layer_4: the men had inded by getting a custom to the continuil daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the green endogs went to ther rest at their acustimedowr and dick slupd as regulaly every evening as thog darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustome to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenan dogs went to their rest at their accustomed our and dicksleped as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slepetd as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by fallow ing joncons addice a cesthamt himself to support the loa timertr he almost ois stayd on deck reaving thy cold the wend an the snow
	layer_4: the doctor by following joncons advice a custemedt himself to supporth he low timberture he amost always stayde on deck braving the cold the wiend and the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: ther s moethan one among stu sho wud lk do in immanttat the my sthink
	layer_4: there i's more than oneamong stus ho would like to in imitate the my think
	layer_6: there 's more than one among stus who would like to an imitate that i think
	layer_8: there is more than one among stus who would like to an imitate than i think
	layer_10: there is more than one amongst us who would like to animitate them i think
	layer_12: thereis more than one amongst us who would like to inimitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they r owdt s misteclal bony thosehenimal s had nl provisions as we heove and ora blides to see there foud wored is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowrts misticlaw bony those animals had not provisions as we have and or abloide to sek their foode werid is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowerds mister claw bony those animals havd no provisions as we have and ar obliges to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hater aswil sixced thend
	layer_4: you hope that hat eris will siccee then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteris will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteris will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertainly wel mister clawboney
	layer_4: he sertainly will mister clalbony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawbunny
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbunney
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbunney

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i mof the same a pnun as yu jason and i feonly wanted one faful cobaon he'l have to
	layer_4: i m of the same apinionas you janson and a fionly wanted one fathful combaion heil have too
	layer_6: iam of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wantered one faithful combanion he'll have too
	layer_8: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert lnd which the fowrd was then costing bers awso tha am oe grinow land and thoug hatterus from his hatred to the anes woul niver callet by tsmircan name it his the oneit gernly gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forwad was then costing be rs also the name of grinew lan and though hatterus from his hatred to the anxies would never cullit by atsimarkannam it is the one it genealy goseby
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forwad was then coasting bears also the name of grine land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ankies would never callit by its emerican name it is the oneat generally goes by
	layer_8: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the ankees would never call it by its american name it is the oneit generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the ateintof oges they sited t bretony a moutaen scuarsely visible thuh the mest and the forward waide ankerd the necxtay in norththumberelan bay
	layer_4: on the eghteentho algus they sigted bretany amountain scurcely visible through the mist and the forward waid ancurd the nexday in northumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of augus they sighted bratanni amountain scurcely visible through the mist and the forward weiged anchur the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of augus they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weghed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sihted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sihted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: nd asimordl upolow sutor earn his gread amons men
	layer_4: and asa mortal upolow sopto ern his bread amonsd men
	layer_6: and as a mordal a pollo sop to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mordal apollo sopt to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: aftorwared peopl onderedott ad medices ever smiling face endeverreating ben
	layer_4: afterard people wonderedot ad medices ever smiling face and everating ben
	layer_6: afterward people wonderedata medises ever smiling face and everating being
	layer_8: afterward people wondered attat medicies ever smiling face and everating being
	layer_10: afterward people wandered at t medicis ever smiling face and everating being
	layer_12: afterward people wandered at t medicis ever smiling face and everating being

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: thoet was befor ad mader sale hon urago withjraton and the cpanins of the quest
	layer_4: thot was beforead made saile on urago with jacen and the companions of the quest
	layer_6: that was before admedu sailed onh argo with jason and the copanions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before had medue sailed onh rgo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before ad medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad meduc sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: ther after ad meduse havein love of al cestis was eveen morhappy than he had been befor
	layer_4: there after ad meduce haveen love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter at meduce having love of alkestise was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at meducs having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus havingt e love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having love of alchestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radian fhiger t was and id matter snew that diss a pallo com t om agin
	layer_4: a readiant figur at was and ad metti snew that dis was a polow come to m again
	layer_6: a radient figure it was and admetus knew that dis was apolo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and admetuse knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and edmetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and edmetus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but a pollow turne to had meadece a fate hots with out doy
	layer_4: but a polow turned to hadmedics a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a pollo turn to admetue a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetuce a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admetuc a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admetic a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess hoe been myina pollowt you your frenship forme said nad mittise
	layer_4: what youse of happin ess have been my kno polowthrough your frend ship for me said nadmetise
	layer_6: what use of happiness have been mi no pallow through your friendship for me said nadmedis
	layer_8: what us of happiness have been mi knoapolo through your friendship for me said nadmedic
	layer_10: what yeas of happiness have been my noapollo through your friendship for me said ned medic
	layer_12: what yeas of happiness have been my noapollo through your friendship for me said ned medis

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: bhut still au pollo stood beforn with a f stot was withou droy
	layer_4: but still apolow stood beform with a fa sthot was without droy
	layer_6: but still a palo stood beforhm with a face that was without jroy
	layer_8: but still apalo stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apalo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apallo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spo on his vos was not tha cler n viberen voice that he had onts in speakin trad metis
	layer_4: he spoeand his voice was not that clear and vibeen voice that he had once in speeaking to haed medirc
	layer_6: he spoke in his voice was not that clear ind vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to hadmedise
	layer_8: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to admedice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to ad medic
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to ad medici

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad metise ad metiuse he said it his frme ta tell ou that yyou ma kno mar loocon o bo skin or wack upon the grenerth
	layer_4: admidice admediuce he said it is frome to tell you that you may kno more look on the blusky nor walk upon the greeneurth
	layer_6: admituce admedus he said it is for me u to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_8: admetice admetice he said it is for me  to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: atmetis admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it istrme to tell ou thoat the gart of th underwlt wel hoawe you come tro mad muotis and menis no tha even now the gord f thandoaald isending deathfr you
	layer_4: it istme to tell ou that the god of the underwl dto wil have you come to eamad mutice and meduce no tha eveen now the god of thandrald ifs sending death hor you
	layer_6: it ist rme to tell you that the god of the underwold will have you come to amedmedtice and metuse no tha even now the god of thandold is cending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amadmedis and metice know that even now the god of th anderworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmetis and metis know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a mademetis and metis know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go willing ly in thi place with desth dow can still li lon go ad metis
	layer_4: if orne will go willingly and thit place with death dhou cant still livan go ad metis
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thyt place with death thou can't still live on go admetuse
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go ad medice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thyt place with death thou canst still live on go edmetic
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go edmetice

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: ad than he cam pon antien om an who sap upon stoans in the qortard grinin cornd between to stons
	layer_4: nd then he camepon ancient worman who sat upon stons ind the cortard grindan coernd between two stones
	layer_6: and then he came ponan ancient woman who sat upon stones in the cortyard grindin corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grindin corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there sheuwas sidnas hie had firstno er with ar ase blerd anderd mes shakind and with the dust of the cqort goard in thusks of the qorn ing e madted ar
	layer_4: there she was siddnas he had first ono her with hur eys blered ander ne shakined and with the dust of the cort ard an the husks of the cuarn iner madted har
	layer_6: there she was sidn as he had first knowe her with her eyes blered and her ne shaking and with the dust of the cortyard an the husks of the corn in her madted hair
	layer_8: there she was siden as he had first knowne her with her eyes bleared and hernees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was sidden as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was siddin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went toor and spopetur andthe aster to take iplaceof the keeng and go with deth
	layer_4: he went towr and spoed heher and he aster to take the place of the kn and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoked t her and he ast her to take the place of the ken and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but wen she herd the name of dess ore acameinto th face of thanturu women and shoe crid out that sheuwould now let dest come ner her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of dest hor a came into the face of th antshre woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death hore came into the face of the antent woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd metistiook h man shi illd hand and he astom if e would not take the kiens place and goth deth thot was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medistook th man shibiled hand and he astim if youw would not take the kens place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: admetis took the man shiveled hand and he ast him if you would not take the kin's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: edmetice took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if hou would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: edmetis took the man' shiveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: edmetis took the man' shivelled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then ad mendis wintingto the powse and into the chamebor s betdwas and he lay downdupon the bed and he lo mented that he would havf to go with deth thou wase comin for him from the gaod of tondald and helmentend that non of the rechueg ones roun pouse woere tak is place
	layer_4: then admendis wintin to the powse and into the chamebare is bedwas and he lay downd upon the bed and he lomented that he would have to go with death thou was com in for him from the god of lhand aworld and he lemented that none of the rechud ones roun pouse were tak his place
	layer_6: then admetucs wint in to the pawase and into the chamb war his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was comin for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the reched ones roun the pouse would take his place
	layer_8: then admedice went into the palace and into the chambewor hi's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the pauce would take his place
	layer_10: then admetics went into the palace and into the chamberwerh's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the polce would take his place
	layer_12: then admetis went into the palace and into the chamberwher's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the poluce would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go on yourplace for youare the ken and have many greade fairstou tentu
	layer_4: one should go on yu place for you are the kein and have many grea o fairs s tou ttentou
	layer_6: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attent ou
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attent you
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tyou

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the fout steps seeme to stop
	layer_4: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tarbil for hi mest befor
	layer_4: it was not so tarbl for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word se had sbokin he woud haf takon back sthe word s ad brought her consent to go was deth inn his place
	layer_4: and the words he hat spoken he would have taken back the wordstha ad brought her concent to go wish death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back withthe words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back ththe words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back hthe words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: dat the would sun lbecearfor her
	layer_4: dath the would soon lbe cher for her
	layer_6: deth would soon be her for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not her fore he would not have dest come minto the pous
	layer_4: no not her for hou would not have desth comt minto the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for hou would not have death come in to the pause
	layer_8: no not here for heu would not have death come into the pausce
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the paluce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the paluce

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftodal cestis fron bed and tocard ro from the pous
	layer_4: he lifted all cestics fron bed and he carrieder from the pouse
	layer_6: he lifted al kestist tfronm bed and he carried her from the palse
	layer_8: he lifted acestus from bed and he carried her from the palce
	layer_10: he lifted alchestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alchestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: ne lrspeeach came from her
	layer_4: no mo spech came from her
	layer_6: no mor e speech came from her
	layer_8: no more  speech came from her
	layer_10: no moreof speech came from her
	layer_12: no moreof speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and ows for ad metters he went within the cham ber an knot besid te bead on wuch al cesto sad lain and hogt of his aribl los
	layer_4: and as for had meters he went within the chamber and nolt besidthe bead on which all cestes sad lain and thoughed of his erible loss
	layer_6: and as for admetters he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all kest his salaine and thought of his terible loss
	layer_8: and as for admetes he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all kest his salaine and thought of his terible loss
	layer_10: and as for admetturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which acestis sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admettus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which acestis sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: tol what gar es that sact fi s do
	layer_4: to what gar dis that sac f ics do
	layer_6: til what gad is that sacficsde
	layer_8: til what god does that sacfice du
	layer_10: tol what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: toll what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then roklys felt that noe leber  was befor him
	layer_4: and then rockles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then roccles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_8: and then vracclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_10: and then vracclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_12: and then vraclis felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ihve dri doup from lundorld he fogt the hound tha gards los e who desspreen sown intero the relun of the gart of thundrwld
	layer_4: ihave draged up from the undrrld he thought the hound tha gards lowse whom deashpren soun inter the relm of the god of thunderold
	layer_6: i have draged up from the undrworld he thought the hound that guards lose whom dethbrn sownd into the relm of the god of the underold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards thos whom death ren down into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: whi shol i not strive with deth
	layer_4: wy should inot strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and wodea noble theen it would be to breing backs tis fatful womin tore house anto herhusbmend
	layer_4: and wat e noble then it would be to breing back this fathful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_6: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: helufte poluse of ad medtuse and he wintol the tompl of the gads
	layer_4: he left the palse of admeduse and he winto the temple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of ermerus and he went to the tmple of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of edmeruse and he went to the tmple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of ermerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of ermerus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are helld by me dest and yo will lok be let go in les you prom osto g o forth from this stample with out breening one wih you
	layer_4: you are held by me deth and you will nok be let go in les you prommisto go forth from thi stample without breening one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not belet go and less you promise to go forth from thistample without brining one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without breinging one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and deth noing that erracclyese could holdem ther and thout the busnes s ofe the gard of launderwal would beleft on don af he were held prom mee nat heu a leve the tompfl with ou brin one withim
	layer_4: and death noing that horackles could hold him there and that the business of the god of tunderald would be left on done if hyew were held promets that he woerd leved the temple without brin one withim
	layer_6: and death knowing that harackles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerwold would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that hyracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of thanderworld would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that hyracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of th underwodh would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without brining one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that hyracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underwordh would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vld an ad mentis couldnot se her feturs
	layer_4: she was valed ind at menis could not see her features
	layer_6: she was vailed and admenuce could not see her features
	layer_8: she was veiled and admedice could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and admetice could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and admetice could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is awilmen whomi am bren back to r husmend i on her from henenme
	layer_4: hereis awilman whomi am bren back to r husmand i wone her from an enimy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i wone her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringng back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thi si cannot d sader metis ave had pamnes anuogh
	layer_4: this sike cannot do saiderd medic a've had pains anough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said e medice i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do caid  medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do said er medic i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do sai he medice i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: thenat better srased te vail of the woman he had takon cross f the ther shold r his heus
	layer_4: then at metto sraized te vaile of the woman he had taken cross  the thir shold of his hous
	layer_6: then at medus raised the vaile of the woman he had taken cross the thirshouldeof his houps
	layer_8: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_10: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholdr of his house
	layer_12: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholdr of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus when dogmas meadit what the man rilly and injanaolwills r main still the same
	layer_4: thus wein dogmas led it what the man rilly and ingeneral wills remain still the same
	layer_6: thus whindogmas lead it what the man rally and in generl willvs remain still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these ir cavefol oly for lemselvs for tir on egoaisem jesigta bandit tfrom whom there only destu wish py tibserdy of their meancs
	layer_4: for these are cae ful alnly for themselves for ther on eagoism juslige the bandit from whom the are only destung uich by thebserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by thebserty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurty of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdy of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurty of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the dees an caondut oan indovigual nd of enation mayd be vraym much motifid to dougas example andcustem
	layer_4: the deeds and condoct olan individual and of ination ma be vry much motifide tho doges example and custom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and o venation may be very much modified hrugh dogmas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogma's example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equl de gree of woickaness one man may diou awal n anoler ina busn of vis famly
	layer_4: with an equal togree of wikeness one man may dion ta wel and another in thbosn of is fanly
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the whel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conceevabl thia perfit stat or perhaps indeed a compleet and firnly blev doten of er warsn punshmence aftr deth miht pro vant everycrime politicliyg luch would begaimed theirvy morly nothine oni thexpression of the wil in ligfe would bear strict
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thy a perfect state or perhaps inded accomplet and firmly belive doctron of er wards and punshmentse after death might provent everycrime politicalyn much would be gane o theire vy morily nothing onyr the expression of the will in life would be ar stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfet state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctron of e wards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gaine t their vi morily nothing onlyr the expression of the will in life would be erestricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained theire vi morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who iear seek the theariover tu and have therfor asit expresse stacty then neacrovf lhe nolge which lisat itsfoundation will et beunable to conva that nalge itself in thissuxpression
	layer_4: we who her seek the thery o vertu and have there for alsito expresstive stractly the natr of the nolge which lis at its fondation willyet be anable to convay that nalge itself in thi suxpression
	layer_6: w who hear seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to expressive stractly the natur of the knowldge which lis at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knolge itself in the s uxpression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he ses at the  stinction the twen ihmself and eallers which tu the bad man is so greate agalth only blon to  fleenin and lonse of tfoom mom
	layer_4: he sees tat the is stincion bhe tween hmself and ellers which to the bod man is so greaht a goth only blont throuh a fleedin and luce ovfe phenommom
	layer_6: he seesd that the distinction between himself and elars which too the badman is so great of goth only blan throug a fleetding and alosive phenomino
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a goth only blonds through a fleeting and elusive phenomeno
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomeno
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blonde through a fleeting and ellusive phenomeno

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: he vrecantises imsel his wil anevery bene and conscuenly osoein the sufer
	layer_4: he recon tnise is imself his will in every ben and consquently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he reconiz es himself his will inever ben and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in ever beeng and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will inever being and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in ever being and consequently also in the suffer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but loders the nescessery in i neverdbol simtovof that noge
	layer_4: buthe laers the necessary and ineveredbal simptivm of that knoge
	layer_6: but the laters the necessary and enevidable symptim of that knoge
	layer_8: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowldge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the upsid of the stiin of councions the orgon an significince of whiches explain beote is e goodconcens the sas faction which e experons after every disintressti ded
	layer_4: the obsit of the stin of consciencs the organ and significance of which is explainedabove is the good concions the satesfaction which wy expearence after every disintrested deed
	layer_6: the obsite of the steane of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experence after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the stean of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the stean of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: te gouod man lis ind world afrienly inviduals the well bein ofvany of from hearagorsas esson
	layer_4: the good man lives and world a friendly inviduals the well be in aveny of rohom heragars as this on
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well bein a vany of whom heregardes as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in world af friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom heregards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in world or friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in world or friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefor alow the noge of the lot of meantin genealy des not ma coulds dis pesition ajoyfone yet the prominen mange of iso naturen a liin bens give sima cerne eveness and avensrendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore althow the nage of the lot of man kine generaly desnot ma culds disposition ajoyfon yet the prmininmalege of is o nature in al livin bens give homaceren evenness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_6: therefore although the knodge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition ajoyfon yet the preminent mowledge of his ow nature in all living beans give thom a certain evenness and aven crendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl in yet the pemanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven srendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful ine yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t intresst whichus extendet i newerbod m infistations cnot caussuchiinidty as that which his consutrated uponone
	layer_4: for thintrestd which is extended to in numerbold minfistations cnot caus suchinxiety as that which his consertrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which as extended to i numerabld minfistations cannot caused such enxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to inumerabl manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concetrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: haxident which concernindvhituals clectivly equalis imselves wil those which happeneto the perticuler indof tvhiguallf costp god or bad forton
	layer_4: thaxcidence which concern indvisuals colectively equa is imselves whill those which happen to the particular indvidual  constute good or badfortun
	layer_6: thaccidente which concern indivisuals collectively equise hmselves while those which happene to the particular individual consttute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happend to the particular individual consitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though others have sut uof morl printcs pls which lygatoutis prscipiens forovertu and laws whichite was necessarede falg i as hys olry beensain cano du is becaus i have no out or lougth wrescib to l turnly fre will
	layer_4: thus though others have set up moral princeplls which they gaveout as presciptions frvertu and laws which it was necessared follo i as has alry been said canno do this because i have no ogt or louht berescribed to lhe turnalyd free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessaried follow i as has alrabeen said cannot do this because i have no ought or lot rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has aleay been said cannot do this because i have no ought or lat rescribed to the aternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or laught prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or laught prescribe to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: for the then thisset cannot go forlarges ti sno reasonf operfirn th indovijuady of nmolerto hitsoun
	layer_4: for ther then this at cannot go forlergs this no reason forprferdin th individjualdy of nmether to itsoun
	layer_6: further lhan this it cannot go for ler egs his no reason for prferied in the individuality of nether to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for ther exis no reason for preferri in the individuality of anether to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other intivituals whose houl hap nesser life is andander myout waytheragard for ones on perticul ar wil been
	layer_4: yet the number of other inteividuals whose hol hapnessor life is indanger may out wayther  gard for ones ow n perticular well beng
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happeness or life is in danger may outway ther a gard for ones own particular well beeng
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outway the reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaih the reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaigh the regard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: sodid socoties anger domo brounow and so many  eareof the tru t suffer dets at the stake at the hand of thle prese
	layer_4: so did soctes and gear dono bruno and so many here of the truth sufferd death aut the stake at the hand of the prese
	layer_6: so did socrcies and gerdano bruno and so many her of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so died socates in girdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_10: so died socrates in girdono bruno and so many a herow of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates in girdono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: wepin is carinly simpety wither ownselves or sempo the drected back on it sorse
	layer_4: weping is corenly sympaty witheur onselves or semp the drected back on ite source
	layer_6: weping is accordintly sympathly with our onselves or sempthyddirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordintly sympathy with hour ownselves or sympityedirected back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or symphy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympahy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor conditional uponthe c cas u for lavencsit pothe and olso hon amaineation
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the copastue for lovansit pothy and also ponomagnetion
	layer_6: it is therefor conditional upon the cupascyue for love and sipathy and al so pon i magination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capascu for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we ar mo to tears nothou ar ownsufering buthough thatf a mother this happens as faltws
	layer_4: when we are move to tears not throuh ore owncsuffering but through that of ennother this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through oue own suffering but through that of another this happenes as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: ithe we viveerly putdourselvs in the placon the suffer  by magination or see in his fate the louht of umandyas a hol and cons quently firsof all ar ownlot and thoussin avay rondbat way  is e at alwyes abouter selvf sot we ep simpo thy with arselh which ee fe thi seems to be the princsworieson of the universal and thus natural wepeen in te cas of desth
	layer_4: ithe we vivirdly put ourselves in the place the suffer  by magination or see ind his fate the lught of uwmandy as a whole and consquently firs of all oure own lot and thusin avery round bout way i is et always about erselfe thoat we wep simpa the with ourselveth which we fel this seems to be the princepolerieson of the universl and tus natural wepin in tecase of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the loht of huwmandy as a whole and consquently firse of all oure own lot and thus in a very round boutway it is yet always about orselves that we weep sympathy with ourselve which we fel this seems to be the princibale reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole und consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity has a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round aboute way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for soalle he sernly weps for th fat of the dead bat hie lsweps wn aftalong havy and incearble sufferin death as to this man oawihfor dto livrencs
	layer_4: for sall he sernealy weaps for the faiht of the dead but he ls weps win aftea long havy and in cearble suffering death was to this man awishfore do liverence
	layer_6: for sall he certainly weps for the fate of the dead but he alsweeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so all he certainlly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they wer in the landa thi spepll said befor the mon had comein to  scy
	layer_4: they were in the land thi speople said before the moon had come into the ski
	layer_6: they were in the land this speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the megitions ofregjip to had come with kns esostres stad e lot sidy ovaya and they topeople spels hut could sta the moininrer agoin ancomming in aris in ansedtdime
	layer_4: and many of the magitions of egeop to had come with geen sesostress staded lat sity ovaa and they tatpeople spells hat could stay the monenra goin and coming in arrisin and seting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egipt who had come with ken sicostress stayed i lat city oveaya and they taught people spells that could stay the moonin r going and coming in arrising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with gaen asostrus stayed in that city o aya and thei taought people spells that could stay the moonan re going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with ganed sasastrus stayed in that city of ea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon and er going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with ganed sisastrus stayed in that city of ea and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moonan ere going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: me yia two his wis doter mewnot the suecret s topt by tos wo couldt swaythe mon
	layer_4: media two his wis douter newn the secrets topet by thoes who could sway the moon
	layer_6: media two his wise daughter new the secrets toped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tapped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: medya too his wises daughter knew the secrets tapped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medya too his wises daughter knew the secrets tapped by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: forjatin was a gran sunn of crestious and crestious was tha broter of te thamee ther grandfaltr
	layer_4: for jaton was the gran son of crethious and crethious was the brother of a thamise their grandfolter
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and cretheus was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of kretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamis their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: jasen to pelliouse antrm on with him
	layer_4: jaceene ook pellious and telmon with him
	layer_6: jason took pelious and telimon with him
	layer_8: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pelius and telemon with him
	layer_12: jason took pelius and telemon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they cameto the sity amist fel and jatend anis com is with th e sns of frictses whenth thu the idy withou beenseen
	layer_4: as they came to the sity amist fell and jacen andiscomrads with the sons of fritsis wint throug the sity without ben seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and hs comrades with the sons of fricis went through the city without been seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriis went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phricis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrycis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mist lifted and befor the shearods wa the onger of the pous ind the brikt lighte of the mornin
	layer_4: the miss lifted and before the hers was the onder of the pouse in the bright light of the mornin
	layer_6: the miss lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the pase in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palse in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palice in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on heut sid of the cortyudwhre t a pous bilings it one keny adis lif doith ub certus his sun and in th ollerd chrals o arpay and madia lied ttor hand matens
	layer_4: on eit cide of the cortyart ward the pouse billings it one kee na atislive duth obcertise his sung and in the olerd chalseeopay and meadia lived ithther hand madens
	layer_6: on each side of the court yard ward the pase billings in one key naatistliveduth absurticet his sun and in the othere chalsiopey and mediaa lived with their hand madons
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard oward the palce buillings in one ki naetisliedith absurdused his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard oward the palace buildings in one kineeis lived uith absurdis his son and in the other chaliope and media lived with their handmaidens
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard tward the palace buildings in one kineetis lived uith absurdis his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their handmaidens

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and thaen adove tthu tord er it was been chase py hok andd medyasaw the hoxiys an bek
	layer_4: and then adove thu tard her it was been chace by hack andd medy asaw the hoxeies and beak
	layer_6: and then adove thu toward her it was ben chased by hack an medyasaw the hoxeyese and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hok and media saw the hok's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hok's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hocks eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we paled awav rom that place end deraftrr we wer divend bythewrins bacto hemouth of the fusss
	layer_4: we poled away from that place and theire after we were riven by the wins bac to hemouth of the fesses
	layer_6: we puled away from that place and their after we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fassis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the pasis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phassis
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phassis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with hem their came the migest of the chers of grec
	layer_4: with him their camed the mightest of the shurs of greese
	layer_6: with him theire came the mightest of the sheros of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightiest of the sheros of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the sheros of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the sheros of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: all redty he has herdt of thyour beiter fos the sar moti
	layer_4: aready he has herd of tyeour bittorfose the sor  mati
	layer_6: already he has heard of your biterfhos the sar moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter fhoes the sarmati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromati
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with is comroudso was du temryou
	layer_4: he with is comrads wals sudo them for yoe
	layer_6: he with his comrads would subdue them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is herk was filld with arath as you wiookdopom them and his ys shod mess al luper siyes
	layer_4: it is hart was filled with rath as you wliooked upon them and his eys showmess a leperd's ies
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with  rath as yhe looked upon them and his eyes showe as a leperd's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showe as a lopard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showne as a leopard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes showne as a leopard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and than speakonto the kn in aquitoois ja sensaidr
	layer_4: and then speakento the keen in a quitvoice jasean said
	layer_6: and then speakinto the ken in a quite voice jaseand said
	layer_8: and then speakingto the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the kin in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his hart was devided as stweaer he shoul soumin his arm men and have lham slin upon he spogk or waether he shoeu pluot t a min togangereby the tril he wound make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as to wether he should som an his armemen and have them slain upon he spot or whether he should put tha mein to gange aby the trile hew would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should sumin his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the meanto gange aby the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them in to danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into ganger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it ma be that yoe y artu the of the seedof thu mortls
	layer_4: it may be that youaure tu ley of the sceed of thou mortels
	layer_6: it may be that yoe are truly of the sead of tho mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it ma be that i shoa giveryu the comsle s to bereway aftrive may trilvoug
	layer_4: and it ma be that i shaoll give youhthe gom sles to barway after i ave mayd trilf you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the golmplece to barway after i have made tril of you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the golmd plese to bear way after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gold plece to bear way after i have made trial of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gold pleece to bear way after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: shanterd sofftly und she stoodaatfon ere falther and thefor wh erespeeakng withem
	layer_4: she hantered softly and she stoo away fro werefather and the fore who here speaking withem
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from mher father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she hadt ad darte fy sose med vay stanegd by her crounoi colmd heir
	layer_4: she had a darke fac sous med vay etrange by her crownglned heair
	layer_6: she had a darkface osmad very strange by her crown of golen hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of goldn hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no that on the plain over a syoder i have two fibryaing bls with fee ta breass
	layer_4: no that on the plain averas yander i have two fibrean bls with feeto bress
	layer_6: kno that on the plain of aris yonder i have too fir briging bulls with feetobress
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breiging bulls with feet obress
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breiging bulls with feet apress
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breiging bulls with feet apress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then ni soed the firls not with to seeed that dimetergis but with teath of e dragon
	layer_4: then i sod the firls not with ta seed that demeder gives but with teeth of a dragin
	layer_6: then i sow the firls not with te seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragin
	layer_8: then i sowed the furos not with th seed that demeetor gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i sowed the furos not with the seed that demetur gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i showed the furros not with the seed that demeatur gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you con coblisioness that ira complisht in das gon by i shal sor mi tu and giveeuth golece
	layer_4: if you cancomplishales that i a complished indayse gon by i shall sivemite tyou and give you the golnefleese
	layer_6: if you can complish athis that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the golen fleese
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit o you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_10: if you can ccomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_12: if you can complish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if fyou cannout t o complish what i onsucompish ou shall go for myhtestidy anmd dy handed for is not rigt that abrave man should yeld ou to one nwho connot sho himself a's brave
	layer_4: but if you cannouto complish what i on sucomplished you shall go fror mytsity amptyhanded for t is not right that brave man hould yeuled opt to one nwho cannot sho himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot t complish what i wonce accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not wriht that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fom my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield o to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go form my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield out to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aut to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jacon uterly confounded cass hes iys uponhyground
	layer_4: then jacon utterly confounded cast his eyes upondeground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon te ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i wil dare this contest monstrecat is the des
	layer_4: i will dared this contest moncerecatis te gas
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monstrosatasagis
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrous adas i das
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous atas it is
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous atas it is

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he send this he sad eiesa media gro wiede as with fer
	layer_4: as he saeid this he saw t eiyes of media gro wiede as with fer
	layer_6: as he said this he saw h eyes o media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of midea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of midea grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: romtismels whent to werdar mother waes
	layer_4: promtised melsewent to weare tnar mother was
	layer_6: promtis and mel s went to wear ther mother was
	layer_8: promptis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_10: promptis and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promptis and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cenide sof smalnstipit an shiis  m
	layer_4: but what canni do sof smallan stupit in shi as i m
	layer_6: but what can i do so small an steepid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupi and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must fin some way to giv thl littalons atase crissmess
	layer_4: i must find some way to giv the lit leons anice crissmess
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tmmol likedo ave rego ethim en saing ill he placus hearpen the streets
	layer_4: tom o like to have re goith him ent sing whil he placees harpin the streats
	layer_6: tomawl like to have re go ith him an sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: toa will like to have we go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: tomma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: hyes i wle ch and then if i do wel helittaon sha hav the mearycrismess
	layer_4: yes i wil cry and then if i do wel the little onecshil have a meary crismets
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shal have a merry christmats
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seed anit as coldin the streits the wen bight s on the snow fraces onsingers
	layer_4: lut seiv anet is cold in the streeats the win bits ind the sno frases onesfingers
	layer_6: but sea van et is cold in the streets the wind bits in the snow prases one'e fingers
	layer_8: but see than it is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow prazes one's fingers
	layer_10: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites an the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_12: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow phrases one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thent stl mow and ran awaite to cget ready for she v out ser h o fother would not n feves her aneytheing
	layer_4: she thankt tell mo and ran awaite to get ready for she feut sher here father would not eeve her anything
	layer_6: she thank temo and ran await to get ready for she feltsure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked tolma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked almo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked talma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she wased et littlerunsas frack and put it se dryd becasshe oald notteowl s doi the extay
	layer_4: then she washed eut little runcees frock and put it goddry becaseshe would not the owldsdo at the nextay
	layer_6: then she washed out little runses frock and put it o dry because she would not be abldsto do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it odry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to make the beds en drest the childrn ornig she wasen suche hery do have all inorer but as hact could not pe she sat doun ganen thide o for all thes soun she nu
	layer_4: she long to make the beds and drest the childrnovernight she was in sucha hurry to have all anorder but as that couldnot be she sat downagan an chide o ver all the soun she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all en order but as that could not be she sait down again and chride over all the soenc she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children o ver night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the soen she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the song she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she had told her plan peter bedary shol kishead and gotu wouid never do bu tesso bake so hared he con sento dthat las that she should chriht for wot aweak and sunter to bet the happ is littl growea neyork
	layer_4: when she a told her plan peter ben ary shoo his head and thught iwould never do but tesso beke so heard he consented at lass that she should triet for wont awek and sentr to bet the happi as little growl an the york
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter benarry shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa beg so hard he consented at last that she should tri it for one aweek and senter to bed the happy as little grol in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter benary shook his head and thought it would never do botessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happyest little girl in the york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter bernary shook his head and tought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in nhe york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernary shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in nhew york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as sinis her father was gon toseflo about im put everythinginmise order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were tomind tome was mother who woid seeha bothe fir and the diter for the god wemind leve tessi in inturden tor her little plaams wit thoul her heart
	layer_4: as sin is her father was gone tosiffluew about him put every thing in mice order telling the childen she was going out for the day and they were to mine tome was mother who would sey about the fire aind the ditter for the god women leve tesa and inturd in to her little plams withalul her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone teste flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire in the ditter for the good woman leve tesa and entered in to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tomb was mother who would see about the fire in the ditnter for the good woman loved tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman leved tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman leved tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: pore tessas heart bee fastis she ctrughd doay with tomo who slung us hear oer hisholter and gaveherishand
	layer_4: pourtesis heart bat fast a she tradge doway with tomo who slungihas hearp over his sholder and gae her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beat fast as she truged away with tomo who slung es hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it wase ratheradurty han but so kime that tessucon tot aind kevplioking up at the frend ly brounfas ferne cragement
	layer_4: it was rather adurty han but so kie that te sacon to it and kevp looking up at the frendly brounface fer n poragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testoclung to it and kip looking up at the frindly brownd face for enpouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testa cung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fhr give them be a monike that is mary an willmake ghelagh waspre tummo tonin is hapk
	layer_4: see now have no fere give them belamonica that is mari an will make the laugh wasprtom on tuning as har
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marrion will make the laugh waspertomo toning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma turning his hearp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his hearp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his hearp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: han  fatovd french peen naowt ed to her in iat seeme to helpervery much for she began to sing befor she tut and that was the hear is part of it
	layer_4: wen he fatld frenched meen not ed to her ind it seeme to helper very much for she began o sing before she though and that was the hard is part of it
	layer_6: en hi fattld frenchmen notted to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hard as part of it
	layer_8: en i fattald frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_10: ene a fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartest part of it
	layer_12: wene a fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombe shic is crurly had an amswerd soerly ye an si took there firstd fr tha love usac and nar ougf ar chountry but hup e mong weqrate hausses wi shall not always do wel
	layer_4: but tomboshock is cuarly had an answered soberly he es ti took you ther e first or theyr love music and are af ur country but up among tegreat houses we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomboshook is curly had an answered soberly yes i took you thei re first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great housees we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curley had and answered soberly yes i took you there first for thei love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but she hd mae alfrdaller for tommered t ovit ed the mony firly ind she fout rich witheir shar
	layer_4: but she had made half adoller for tumerdevited the mony farely and she fouht rich wither share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tommer divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her heans were covered with chilains for she had now mintns but she had put them under her shal and shuffuld marlyt awayn her bi boots vill ing so glad te the weq was over and nerly th redallers safe and her pocket
	layer_4: her hans were covered with chilglains for she had no mintteins but she had put themunder her shawl and shuffuled marly oway in her big boots feling so glad the tha weqwas over and nearly thredollars afe an her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and schuffled marily away in her big boots feling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe ind her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with cill glans fore she had no mitteons but she had put them under her shawl and schuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chillglanes for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chill glanes for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: how gae thes strits wor that day
	layer_4: how gae the strets wer that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gave the streets where that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how bresciver on whaes an how brahte the faces loct as people traded abou with bike baskets hally riath san young ever greins gointo blossonm antosplunded prismisthries
	layer_4: how bresgevery one whas and how bright the faces likd as people traded about with big baskets howlly reaths and young ever greeans goint o blossomanto splended prismistraes
	layer_6: how bristgivery one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotte about with big baskets holly reaths and young ever greens going to blossom into splendid cristmas tres
	layer_8: how brisk gevery one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreeths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but a cant so w filf the sokxal foll and tbe happie sid tessa as shelooketwis fuli into the gastors and sa the heavy baskip's coby
	layer_4: but i canc so a fill the soxs al full and be happy sid tessa as she looked wisfullianto the ga stors an sw the heavy vaskits co by
	layer_6: but i can't so ill fill the sox al full and behappy sitessa as she looked whisfully into the gay stors an saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy setessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy sid tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows whot may happenif fwi you welerst urnetoma ouning wisly for he had plaan thass wel as tessa and cet chukling o verdis y trged ti the mid
	layer_4: who knows what me happin if widh yo wellerterne tommo noning wisely for he had plan theis well as tesa and kept chukling over it as he ctrged thoug the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if wud you ell wreturne tommo nouning wisely for he had plan tas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he ctrged through the mid
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wuld you ell returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he chrdged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if weld dyou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churdged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we dou well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whl chi wen more stret in than go hom thou ut so tired lit tal one
	layer_4: whill thry one more streeat an then go home theue it so tighred little one
	layer_6: will try one more street and then go home there ait' so tired little one
	layer_8: well try one more street and then go home theor i so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home theyr it so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home theyare is so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth somepeopeat them sang al ther souns an gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing alther songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tes sof felt so great fule that withthout wading fore tommo she singer swet ad slittle song allolown
	layer_4: tes e felt so greatful that without waiting for tommo she sanger sweeta slittle song allo lown
	layer_6: test te felt so gratful that without waiting fortoo she sang her sweet e slittle song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetes little song all alone
	layer_10: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: alast momas said rose and away she wentonto te dinding oranm closby
	layer_4: alast moma said rose and a way she went into the dining ram clost by
	layer_6: ilast mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the dor opend tessesow at looketo herlike af feryfest al sover mogs an flowry plats an orngoesan nots and rosy win an talglaspicurs and smooking dicias that s not so deliciously she could not re stran a little snifof sat esfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tecesow t looke to herlice a faery theast al solver mugs an flowery plates an ornges and nots and rosy wine and tall glaspicurs and smoking dicies thatsmut so deliiously she could not restrain a little snif of sat isfection
	layer_6: as the door opened tesu saw wat looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glas pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tesa saw at looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitcheres and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: il ye si sholl come with much qgladness and play as never ind my life po for cri tomme witht e florsh of the old cap tat mad the childeren lauf
	layer_4: a ye s i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before crid tommo with ha florsh of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: a yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a florish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a floourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: hev thes too or brother said the fery prenestuffing not s an orngesento tessass hans
	layer_4: eive these to your brother said the fary prence tuffing notsan ornges an to teseas hans
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prine stuffing nuts and ornges andto test ess hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tesstles hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: aus so kime so very cin d i have nowway to say thintyou but runsa shallby for you a have ly angl and ow wias sing may heardoupt foryoa tree cri these follding themiatnsesif she oad say ra par of theinfonness if she nou how
	layer_4: a' so kin so very kind i have noway to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a havenly angel and i wils sing my heard out for your tree cride chresa follthing the mitenses if she would say a pear of think fulneis if she knew how
	layer_6: a so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs as shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried chresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prair of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got uperly to se of the saks weralright and there she fon the mos thistounishing sighte
	layer_4: she got uperly to see of the sox were alright and there she foun the most testona shing sihte
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the sok were all right and there she found the most estonishing siht
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: for soxsnsait if thre and by the forth pin dout quat elagatly was ae witle dress evenent wy ment for her o wore wollandress all main an acale with bright betins on it
	layer_4: for soxen said of three and by the forth pindoubt quit elegently was e little dress evenently ment for her oh war wollen dress all maine an actually with bright buttans on it
	layer_6: four soxin said of three and by the fourth pind out quite elegantly was ae little dress evidently meant for her o warm wellendress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four soxs insted of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four soks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four soks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scrame d e danst in her doight and of tombee al the choldren to scramen dance wither making orreagullar carn of onet smalskal
	layer_4: tes a scramed dadansd in her dolight and of tomble all the childrn to scram an dance wither making ar reguloar carn o ona smallsgal
	layer_6: tesascreamed and danced in her delight and uptumble all the children to scream an dance with her making aregular carnovlon small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream an dance with her making a regular carnaval on a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in hr ong stoking she foundal serdts of thressiures for tomeow had stuftit ful of creiathings ain his mother had magiendrbet in i every a magenraml shate fromthat pags to fal umn evusses
	layer_4: in her ong stocking she found all sorts of tressures for tome o had stuftet full of qurathings oin his mother had mayginderbead in o every amaginable shape from fat pigs to flla umnabuses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treaseres for tomo had stuffed at ful of queare things in his mother had ma inger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobusses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of quer things and his mother had made ginger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibusses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made ginger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made ginger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: littal romsowas excepto with dolight by the cinlaty and her children and tes sol rn the soun quihdieusaly
	layer_4: little ronso as eccepto with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesso lern the son quitiesilly
	layer_6: little ransa as eccepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and teselernd the song quiteasily
	layer_8: little ronza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tese learnd the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ronza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ronza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: areas from the crout of choldrnd gatherd to the festifl
	layer_4: ares from the crout of childrn gather to the festivl
	layer_6: aros from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor therg whent hom the cind moma til tesseis sh e should be her frend and gave her motherly cess whash orm the chows heart and sem to setipseall upon that prommess
	layer_4: before they went home the kind mo ma toll tesishse should be her friend and gave her motherly kis which worm the chous heart iand seme to sed a seeal upon that promis
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mama tolld tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set a pcial upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tesss he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a pcil upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tesss he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a picil upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis e should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a picil upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the seneder toookus seead in the plpit with the min istrown one side of him and the seperin tendid of the sundacecol on the other
	layer_4: the senedr took his sed in the pulpit with the ministron one side of him and the superin tended of the sunda schol on the other
	layer_6: the cenator took his seet in the popet with the minuse rown one side of him and the super intenden of the sunday schol on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the popit with the ministeron one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday shool on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so aud wer they by the presen s ofa livingun ited stat sendeter that during threminits notispit bolwastron
	layer_4: so adware they by the presence of a living yunited state sender that during threeminuts not a spit ballwas thron
	layer_6: so oddware they by the presence of a living united state cenator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thron
	layer_8: so odd were they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so oded were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that theyd began to cometo themsellsd by dgres on presently the spoll as holllygone an the wor re sihing virses and poliy har
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by dogrees and presently the spell was holdly gon and they were recihting verses and puliy hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and puollin hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pollin hair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poling hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polling hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the sal sundeascal ecersises were heried thro and then the minastirgot up and bord the house with the speachbilts on the custmarioy sone heascol plaan thean the sierin tendeit put in hisor a then the toumedingitaris had theirsay
	layer_4: the usuall sunday scal exercises were huried throue and then the minestirgot up and bord the house with he speechd bilt on the custimary sunday scol plan then the superen tendete put in his or at then the ton ding ataries had there sy
	layer_6: the usual sunday schol exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with e speech builts on the customary sunday schol plan then the superintendant put in his or d then the town digitaries had ther say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customarys sunday school plan then the superintendant put in his oar then the town dignitaries had there say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customarys sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had theire say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and miamsome populas senter of my own contry were the choicus cholldrn of the lant have beenselected and brougt togother as at a faire for appriyse know
	layer_4: and ia some populass senter of my own country were the choices childrn of the landt ave been selected and brought ogether as at a fair for a pris no
	layer_6: amd i an some populous center of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as tat a fair for apprise no
	layer_8: am i am some populoause centr of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i in some populoaus centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some populaus centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than weream yes weraly
	layer_4: than wheream yes wereamy
	layer_6: then wheram i yes wherem i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my so ais lost and onder at the thout
	layer_4: my sol ais lost an wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: arthas now hir no grander position for mye
	layer_4: urthas no highre no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth as no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than watisit what ted my councies nissreply
	layer_4: then what is it what ted my conschiousnessreply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: at think of that niw i could hardly kep the tears back i was sogratful
	layer_4: au think of that nw i could hardly keep the teares back i was so greatful
	layer_6: a think of that now i could hardly keep the tars back i was so gratful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they con not give him a cossly ad gucation but they were gord and wyes and they sentim to the sendasco he love the sonnascu
	layer_4: they culd not give him a cosly adducation but they were good and wis and they sent him to the sonda sco he love the senney scho
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sened him to the sunday scho he lovedthesonda schol
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hop yo love your sone dyschol ey see ey your faces that you dot that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday sco i see eby your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school i sei y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school i see by your facis that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school i see how your face is that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school i see hoy your face is that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: iaways lov yrteacheres my childrn for they love y u more tha you can now n ow
	layer_4: always lov your teachurs my childrn for they love yu more tha ou can now now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my childrn for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know know
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know know
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know know

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and by and byd the peope mayde him goviner and he sad it was oll owing to the sentascl
	layer_4: and by an by the people made him governer and he seid it was all owing to the senday schol
	layer_6: and by an by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: why thep peoplegaiveen a touering halustrius position a grand imposing position
	layer_4: why the peoplegave him a towering elestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him atowering elestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing phosition
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendader of then ited states
	layer_4: it was sendeder of the nihted states
	layer_6: it was sendator of the eunited states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: tha por loit a boy that leve is en they squall became thaot man that man stans befor you
	layer_4: that por loit le boy that leved his enday sqhool became that man that man stans before you
	layer_6: that por little boy that loved his sunday sqhool became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday shool became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: above alt things may childrendt be on est
	layer_4: abov ou things my childrent be onest
	layer_6: above al things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: when sunerder dor they dopirte from catto vil he lefhd the read usand boise behind im ar ringan cim phane of life whos aobject of point waseenited stap senit
	layer_4: when csunedr doer thy departed from cattle vill he left the reedosan boys behind im arrangiancam pain of life whose ubject ove point was teenited stape sen it
	layer_6: when eenerd or dilwarthy departed from cattlevill he left three dozen boys behind him arrangina campain of life whose objective point was the nited stape senit
	layer_8: when senartor dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arrangin a campaign of life whos objective point was the united state senant
	layer_10: when senator diworthy departed from kattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate
	layer_12: when senator dilworthy departed from kattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mine poly sucjhasper thes al nhexe somemer and augfar wen turin reston an allar heard work over music one haf be foin tho s a jont round tegin and is iselisend
	layer_4: never min poly sugjasper there's all nex somer and agfht ar win turin drestdon and allar hard work over music one ae be faine tho s ho jon't roundagain and his eyesglissend
	layer_6: never mind poly said jasper there's all nexk summer and afterour win tern dresdon and all our hard work over music ote have be fiind those a jaunht round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after ou winter n dresdon and all our hard work over music ont i be fine those ho jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter and dresdon and all our hard work over music ont o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter and dresdon and all our hard work over music wont o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and nol go on jing an painting tlo you get to be agreat artistrin on pol in thisiasticly and then will sy soe thing youve do n in the lovfh maby the love crette dila ot dear me pallyt pepper
	layer_4: and yo go on jing and painting till you get to be agreat ardistran on poly anthisiastacaly and then will se something yove dne in the love may be the love crite dala o dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and yo'l go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artest rain on polly and thisiastically and then will see something yo've done in the love may be the love crid adela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and yo'll go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rin on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on dawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof may be the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on dawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof may be the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel when had envery sov erduring oll this mary chatter and now ing his seet a cross the nera ile he drimne dis heels anpatiant l on the lor
	layer_4: tome sel when had been very soveerduring all dtis marry chatter and now ian his seat accrosd the naro eile he dromed hs heelsant patiently on the floor
	layer_6: tome sell wone had been very soverduring al this marriy chatter and now in his seat across the narrow ile he drumed his hels inpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom selwin had been very sover during all this marryed chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drummed his hels anpatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwin had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwin had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: whalt soplittl mother ast tom in suppris at hurn usal manner it sis this tob
	layer_4: whut'suplittle mother askt tom in suppries at her nusual manner it sis this tomb
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her in usual manner it' sis this tomb
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner its sis this tomb
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it siss this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newse was serulyaded as tit was prty son that the partyt was not to be brokon intwo at al to paris was icompledetstory the u vlaytioan was suciesto satasfi even tom
	layer_4: when the nese was serculated as at was pretty son that the party was not to be brooken into at all tlparise was icompleted story the dublation wat suchust to satisfy even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all til paris was the completed story the gubilation was such as to satisfy even tome
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all til paris was tha completed story the jubelation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: i o isin i oats psebeans andbarly gro cri polly as they wached them mententily
	layer_4: io isin it ots pasebeans and barly gro crid poley as they watched themintently
	layer_6: isn it oats pieasebeians and barle gro cried poly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates psbeians in barligro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oats pesbeans in barlygro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oats peasbeans in barlygro cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: an is long oarm when oud and picketo jack adend ovan ercon whot incosious ly regarding such quiat travelers us nout werth miding had hover tonnear al trind to tese the girls
	layer_4: and is long arm whonte out and pick to jack adendofan earcun wo incosiously regarding such quiet travelers as not worth minding had hover to near wile trind totese the girls
	layer_6: and is long arm went out and picked to jacad end of an erchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers this not worth minding had hover too nyear whilel trying to teas the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack en end of an urchan who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as notworth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jacketd end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presntly a women cameen eook litteeblup in a for afh and then the ressteof the grls ud clastee their hans an the ring meltd away in the game wasover
	layer_4: and presently a woman camean sook little blup en o fore off and then the rest of the girls ut n clasted their hans and the ring meltod away in the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blupin a four off and then the rest of the girls ut enclasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pennof foreoff and then the rest of the girls u and clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pennafor off and then the rest of the girls udand clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pennafor off and then the rest of the girls udand clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: an glit the girls over her have fn sad polly as grampa piene his party movfedof isin it nice tothing thidou
	layer_4: a'n glad the girls over her have fn sad poly as grampapin his party move d off is an t nice to thing thi do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as granpapao in his party moved off isn't t nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fund said polly as grand papa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girls over here haf fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two ware hredays of rest at martne put eve reone in good shape and give the oll abut if timep to pike up on many little things that wer  beindhand
	layer_4: towar thredays of rest at martane put everyone in good shape and gaive the mall abut of time to pick up on many little things that werev behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martn put everyone in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martn put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my thared letter poly an ounts jasper on the other sit ef the table nown going to be gin un jols
	layer_4: that's my thired letter poly andnouns jaspert on the other sid of the table now an going to began unjols
	layer_6: that's my third letter poly and nounced jaspr on the other side of the table now am going to begin on jols
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jaspr on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one t said polle counning why ar thoght aed wreiten' thre whelet this won his most finnishedesper
	layer_4: one too sad polycounning whiy i thought id writan't three whil this won is most finish desper
	layer_6: one too said poly counning why i thought i'd written three whell this on is most finish desper
	layer_8: one two said poly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finish desper
	layer_10: one two said poly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finishe desper
	layer_12: one two said poly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finishe desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dr sauid tomn to lede tath thike that no ter abordsauht had rillyan seide from his wors that after they werout had scare him mightaly
	layer_4: dar said tome delide to thik that no terablwards aut had reilly an eid from his words that after they were out had scared him mihtlly
	layer_6: dare said tome delighded to think that no terrible wrdsalt had reallyan seud from his words that after they were out had scared him mightaly
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: a pouse oera ou ale give ten her
	layer_4: i'l post o oa too poly give the here
	layer_6: i'll post touor's too poly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post your too polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post yours too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then his taysbrigtent and he said and shes rit polly whalpolly fisdtop fread out of jols lit l mony bae that houng in her belts
	layer_4: then his fhay e brightened and he said and she's right ply while poly fishe to fraen out of jols little money bag that hung en her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightned and he said and she's right polly while polly fish a frank out of jols little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished u frank out of jowl's little money bage that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jowl's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jell's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stampe please jesber im put the mone and he tok u parto letters and she gavfe the baol itl pat forjal sayke whishing at was histoby blct hre that terfingers co tuch
	layer_4: do get the stamps please jasper in put the mon and he took u per two letters and she gave the bagalittle pat for jol sake wishing it was his sdouby black hare that her finger's coul touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel sake wishing it was his stuby black haire that her fingers could touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel's sake wishing it was his stuby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i to no ere we argointo gen isewat paper fora roun roben said polly leaning herlbos om the tabl ind her chin in er hands i now ajaculytid tom worling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_4: i don'kno were we ar going to gint niswaite paper for o round roban said polly leaning her albos on the table and her chin in her hans i know ajaculayted tomde worling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don'tnow where we are going to get nisewait paper for around robin said poly leaning her elblis on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tome werling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don' know where we are going to get nicewait paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elblis on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get an ice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i wha't plly toou sid fronsy rigling away from the hand tha polly howd at aloringly
	layer_4: i whan't poly to sid fronsy rigling atway from the pand that poly howt out aloringly
	layer_6: i wan't polly too said fronzy riggling away from the pen that poly howd out alearingly
	layer_8: i want polly too said pronzie wriggling away from the pen that polly hewd out aluaringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly helld out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haden herd weut polly sad her small had being full of the rsfons bility of beginning thy import letter and couldsidering son sit was to bedune it was bes to have at over withi sin his posble thellt ascriblingal etters tasfassis she cllod af em wronning down hil
	layer_4: fromsy who hadden heard what poly sad her small had being full of the responmibility of begainning the mportan letter and could sidering sinsit was to be done it was bless to have it over with is son as possible feltascribling a letters tis fasas she could al tem wrunning down hil
	layer_6: fronzi who haddn't heard what poly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the importat letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with tas soon as possible felt a scriblingthe letters as fast as she could allo them running down hill
	layer_8: pronzi who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'souriht grane datheol i cud he saiid
	layer_4: it's olrighte gran dathe al lik cat he said
	layer_6: it's al right grandathial likekould he said
	layer_8: it's all right grandatia like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right gran dadie like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right gran dadiee like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tell y u youto't kno my grandaety hes co lats  fun in him h atei
	layer_4: i till you you d o't kno my gran day hes caut lots o fun an him he ad ed
	layer_6: i tell y you don't know my grandady he's caugt lots o fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell  you don't know my grand daddy he's cauht lots of fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell y you don't know my grand daddy he's gaugt lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell yo you don't know my grand daddy he's gaught lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i wi't crit any mored to clar froncy waephing off the las eare traeling down henows
	layer_4: i wn't crit any more to clare fronsy wiping off the las tear trailing down her knowse
	layer_6: i won't cri any more declared froncy wiping off the last er trailing down her knose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared pronzie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: thenni shall be all as well as ever sud polly kising e wet littla face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever sad poly kising the wet littleface
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: whe mus woulnin whint appictures tid poally trind o micerself ceary as the wrkq uene viusalion
	layer_4: we must pwouln in whet l pictures thatd poly trindto makeerself cery as the work uene busilion
	layer_6: we must put inwhit'll picture staid polly trying to mak hurself cheery as the work wene busilyon
	layer_8: we must put in whitt'll picture said polly trying to make hourself cheeriy as the work went busily on
	layer_10: we must put in lhat'll pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in lhat'll picture said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: plle you aays dou think of the best things uclame jaspr beming ad her whash matter triy heurdeo tha n ever to smile
	layer_4: polwa you always dou think of the bes things ucclame jasper beming and her which mater try harder than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always dou think of the best things exlaime jasper beaming a her which made e try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polla you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: poly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: poly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wen' filso atly polly he manigh to asprwan fronsy was o bsor wit therwork ll i euprol wy justisfuthe dit tha gh ince red boy
	layer_4: i woin't feel sobatdly poly he manise to asper an fronsy was osord withthaerwork hill it yudprolbly just isfather ditd the ginch read boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so baly polly he manged to a sper when fronzy was absorved with her work hell ligke youl probly just as father did the ginchred boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whispur when pronzi was absorbed with her work hell like it probly just as father did the ginch bred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the ginchrbred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the ginch bred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemso  complis something everytime gose ob serve jasper drily olo us soc an i now
	layer_4: he seeme sto a complsh something everytie y gose bserve jasber drily alou jusliok at him now
	layer_6: he seemd to acomplishe something everytime e gos observe jasper dryly allo just looket him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasperd dryly ello just lok at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o''t d eare me exquaime to dala as her sysi slipt na yove jok of the tal again then she cu pllis iy
	layer_4: o dear me exclaime to dala as her siser slipt not yo've jakof the taple again than she cut poleys iy
	layer_6: o dear me exclaimed todala as her ciser slipped nowt you've jolko the table again then she cught poly's iy
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed dedala as her sisors slipped now you've jolgoled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: o dear me exclaimed edela as her scisors slipped now you've jolgle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed edela as her scissors slipped now you've jolgole the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bliced tom bopbe dis things
	layer_4: rather not much obliched tom bobdis thinks
	layer_6: rather not much obligd tom bobbd his thinks
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed is thinks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: pitture after pictur cout for ral rod gd bok illstrated papers and it seeme to jasporgather t is if by magic with couning little fougtagras brok up the letter and wound d in a nowt with fony an tuiming detal of some wof their jurny
	layer_4: picture after picture cut forn ral rod gid books illastrated papers and it seemed to jaspergather d is if by magic with counning little fotagrahs brok up the letter and waund din an owut with funy antrming detal of some of their gorny
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from rail road guid books illistrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photograhs brook up the letter and wound ind and out with funny and charming detal of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nace wasprjesperd and haventhoul to say thatd hell like that the best of all
	layer_4: the restif it is nice wisperjasper and av enthuld to say that hol like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest ofe it is nice wisper jasper and eventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and a ventured to say that hole like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i ventured to say that hoe like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i ventured to say that hole like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mis ter king thout so tny beme dit fronsy so youdid he criet nothat's fiani was shu riat neleter some tid
	layer_4: mister king thought so to any bemed it fronsy so you did he cried nothat's fin i was youd reiht nee letter some tie
	layer_6: mister king thought so to anhe beamed at fronzy so you did he cried now that's fine i wash you'd riht neeal letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so to and he beamed at fronzie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nea letther sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don a havtea sakeoud bid hyou nely tol dorthe an nan n exmorning
	layer_4: i don' no had a say ould bibd heou nell e told dorthy anan ex morning
	layer_6: i don't knowt had a say good bid you nell he told dorthy and en ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know had to say good byd o you nelly told dorothy and an next morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelle told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy and nanne ext morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: alvhat or beus pfelended teclarinan
	layer_4: o tat will be splended deculardinan
	layer_6: oh that will be splended declardnan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: you're quit reich now  you re man torty
	layer_4: you are quihte rich now ar you re mantort thy
	layer_6: you are quite rich now art you remandorthy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now art you remarnked dorothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now aret you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now arent you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dortig whent oupen day lwng the room wike the picturs of sindirellas prodsisters
	layer_4: and dorthy whent upen dayon the rom whike the picures of sinderellas prowd sisters
	layer_6: and dorthy went apen day on the room wike the picures of sinderella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up anday in the room like the pictures of cynderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and dale in the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and dale in the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: a weaill bhe anhand thintou wa plied the jiopk in dorty
	layer_4: a we will beonmhand thank you ul plied the joking dorty
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you eplied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come newly colmss we glocklen i ready wer syor hat
	layer_4: come nelly culled missus le glocklin i'am ready wheres yor hat
	layer_6: come nelly coled missus me glockland i'am ready where's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus wl glockland i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come nelli called missus mcglackland i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_12: come nelly called missus mglackland i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we miht be ill tomangh thart two nally told him
	layer_4: we might beble tomanighe that too nelly told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too neli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: my auncls a firmn and he contae e str th hisengiin hous
	layer_4: my uncle s a fireman and he contake a trugth his engen house
	layer_6: my uncl is a firemen and he can take u through h his engion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us throug his engiin house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engin house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engin house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: mols of the my gas insherd brt
	layer_4: most of the my gas insered birt
	layer_6: most of the y gass answered brt
	layer_8: most of them i gues answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: wel we have hat a good the cation and i wioing to gotowar gain
	layer_4: well we have had a good becation and im willing to go towork gain
	layer_6: well we have had a good pecation and i'm willing to go to work gain
	layer_8: well we have had a good bocation and iam willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and iam willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so  mi declarednan becation was just long an ar fiethint
	layer_4: so a mi declaredinan becation was just long an au fight think
	layer_6: so a my declared nan becation was just long ind i fie think
	layer_8: so ammy declared nan bication was jest long an ha i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan vikation was just long ennaf i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan vikation was just long ennef i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: misster bovbse was down from theity of cours to take the fain ly homg and now al hance even reaty in plosy wre bisy pracngap
	layer_4: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hans even fredy an plosy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fredty and plosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even frety and fplossy were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even frety and flosy were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: therye we the shels to weloodater the fishinats besids downy the duc andsnent the cat
	layer_4: therye were the shells t we looked acter the fishnats besides downy the duck and snuthe the cat
	layer_6: thery were the shells to we looked acter the fishnets besides downy the duck and snook the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells  be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooked the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and sor littl frins haod spent alther recation
	layer_4: and so ar little friends had spent all their recation
	layer_6: and so or little friends had spent all thei vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: calftimbul the hmander of o smalgirisin at saborok per miteive him to land but when the goverind o be gan to reede his commistion ful ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: caftemboul the cmander of a smal garason at sabrook permited him to lan but when the governo began to read his comision bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: caftain bo the commander of a smal garison at sabrook prmitted him to land but when the govern o began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bolt the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bo the commander of ta small garrison at seybrok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission boll ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bot the commander of e small garrison at seybrok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission boll ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: what as happan mister prince whats werith anst for he hod see thut the manlw as greatelyexcated goveen er anderos us comagin gas sterprince whi should that allar mus the felow thougl givin to bosting is not deengrus or libil te petee stirets ent exeketion but he is growndinderus to lared misterprince thet liberties of the colliny ar n valld
	layer_4: what is happen mister prince was werth ased for heo hood  see that the man was greatlyexcitered govener androws has com again gast mister prince why should that ae larmus the fellow though givento bosting is not dangrous or a liable to puteds threts int execetion but he is grondenjerus eclared mister prince the liberdes of the collanyar anbald
	layer_6: what is happened mister prince wads worth aked four he thouldsee that the man was greatly axcited givernor andros has come again gased mister prince why should that alarmas the fellow thoug givento boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put his threts into execution but he as grown diang geress declared mister prince the liberties of the coloniar indvoled
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he couldsee that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow thoug given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he is groan daangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony ae involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he as groawn dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony areinvolved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he has groawn dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: capt in wads wr f became a littl onansy thoug he as sto in clin tod tret the matter lightly
	layer_4: capt ain wads wertfh became a little unesy though he was stll enclined to treap the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we have stuerinlye huse to el tlar thurtervollntarly ford is the gartynnovher politticle brigts
	layer_4: we had stuberinly ef fused to ealdaure charter vallintearily fortis the guardy anover polliticale brights
	layer_6: we have stuberngly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for t is the guardy an ov oer political brights
	layer_8: we have subornly refused to yield our charder voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_12: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charger voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is tr cakin wads wer efh conte ed nmisterprience and to sodearstoveremess thi spisr has come to hartferd with sixty ond men to dhe man the serender of the charter an prson
	layer_4: that as tre capken wadswerth contineedmister prince andto sub do or stover ness thes viseroyd has come to heart frd with sixty aund men to deman the surender of the charter in person
	layer_6: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subde our stuernniss this vistroy has come to heart ford with sixty arnd men to deman the surrender of the charder in person
	layer_8: that is true captin wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubrnness this visroy has come to hartfrd with sixty ared men to demand the surrender of the charder an person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vieroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: catan waswer bounded to a sfe in h rage and placing as hand on the hilf of this sord declard he sho ot hoi
	layer_4: captain waswerf vounded to is sfeet in a rage and placing hais hand on the helt of his sord decleard he sha nat hawit
	layer_6: keptain wasweirh founded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wazworth vounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the dae was well my s fpent when he a rives and the memberes wering tve in h heated te bat hon a sudec of the ountmo stim ortens
	layer_4: the day was well myesefent when he arrives and the members wereing deived in e heeted to bat hon a subject of the untmostem portaens
	layer_6: the day was well ni sfend when he arrived and the members were ingdeved in aheated tobate on a subject of the untmost importancs
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endeved ind a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nigt spent when he arrived and the members were engeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well night spent when he arrived and the members were engeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he con semeted how ever to  waidt the the scessin bhthe sooesthrt was ended he the claredthy he would hwe the chearter
	layer_4: he consemted how ever to await e descussion whet the soona tat was ended he declar thyt he would hows the charter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion whet th soon a thit was ended he declared that he would havse the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion where as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charder
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion wet as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion bet as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: fter that captind had taken tuerhre turincs of cross the rome he pose n asd
	layer_4: after that captain ha taken two er three turnce a cross the room he pas in tased
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or threeturnts across the room he paused and ased
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or threeturns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or threeturns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or threeturns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the a semelyd doin angaghedan the bat
	layer_4: what is the asemly doin an gagedon de bat
	layer_6: what is the assembly doin angaged an  debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged anda debate
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wil he waide en tillit sended he as promis to dhe sel
	layer_4: and wil he wait antillitsended he has promis to dewso
	layer_6: and will he gwait intil it dieended he as promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it esended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister priencesfwixts an nans ies on the captnsface and read ther dusretto terminetion cateen hetegan
	layer_4: mister prince fixtes an mnased eyes on the captn's face and readthe rar desperttetermanation cat in heatigan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtes a mazed eyes on the captain's face and read they are despert determination catain hedegain
	layer_8: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read they are desperate determination captain he egan
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read theire desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince boud and ha slureturene to the holseswhrte sembly oosancession
	layer_4: mister prince boud and ha slew returne to the house swhere they sembly wasan session
	layer_6: mister prince bowd and hatslew returned to the house s were thy sembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastly returned to the house where the asembly was in cession
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastilly returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastilly returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: at soonithiewas gone call stevin sid
	layer_4: as soonat he as gon thrl stevan said
	layer_6: at soon as he was gone charl steve an said
	layer_8: as soon as he was gone charle stephand said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes trolseoa answer wut o nea n ucle
	layer_4: yes ts hy wl answer wat e kneean uncle
	layer_6: yes tarls we will answer wat dyou need uncle
	layer_8: yes charles we will answer watoyou need uncle
	layer_10: yes charles we will answer wat o you need uncle
	layer_12: yes charles we will answer what do you need uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: ne wrded te baters teke grater intresst int a mine saubbect
	layer_4: nev werded te baters ake greter intresstin a min a subjrect
	layer_6: never did the baters take grater intrest in a minart subject
	layer_8: never did the baders take greater interet in a miner subject
	layer_10: never did de baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did de baters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what tevwen ten deing uncle whel you friht them
	layer_4: what dh yeu entend dying uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you inten doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: embere the worh wes be thon riht at te time mot ty sen nor tolry
	layer_4: ember the worth wes be thn eriaht at the time mont to so nor to lre
	layer_6: rember the worth wesbe don te right at the time mont to soon nor to ra
	layer_8: member the worth must be done right at the time not too soon nor to read
	layer_10: member the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to rea
	layer_12: emember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to reat

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sem lwas sedrin and the capctin said
	layer_4: the sim as sedding and the capt in said
	layer_6: the sund was settring and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chras let as haseen to the sembly
	layer_4: com cas let us hasten to thes sembly
	layer_6: com tals let us hasteneto the asembly
	layer_8: come chales let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come chales let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by knol meancs but i won e to be fully in prastwith the ceriousnesso oumition
	layer_4: by kno meancs but i wane ee to befully in prasst with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_6: by no means but i want e to be fully inmpresse with ha seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want yo to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takeu plase tralse and be cuared toade oer part wis wre cap an aewerth
	layer_4: takeer placed ls and be popared to de yur part with ere capt ind wasgwoarth
	layer_6: take or place ctals and be prepare to d your part withared captain wadceworth
	layer_8: take your plase charles and be prepared to do your part whithpered captain wasworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain washworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain washworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chros goght is clos to the long tae be iuse bite seereterioucs is posil withouter tracting special aitention
	layer_4: chris got is close to the long ta ble used bi the secrtarious is possibl withoutotracting special attention
	layer_6: thris gotd is close to the long tatble used by the secreterious is possible without a tracting special attention
	layer_8: charlees go is close to the long tabble used by the secretaris is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles got as close to the long tabble used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles got is close to the long tabble used by the secretaries is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the dhescusion wene one theurcniss kame and forladed candll rplats on thetail in tw saide on aselt on the wall
	layer_4: the discushion wen on therkcness came and for lated candle replats on th tal in to said on ashelf on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on therkness came and fourligted candles wereplates on the table in to set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were plated on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thous to candbles on the wal where a gread e noinc o chrous antil d sowme anstaton nur them
	layer_4: those to candles on the wall where a gred anointc uchrows antil heisam manstaf on near them
	layer_6: those wo candles on the wall were agreed annoinc the thrals until he sa a man stafion near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall where agreed annoynce to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were agreet annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were agreet annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though thet lih swor extingwih tfhreg the wendow the thint starlet diwy i leminate the sen
	layer_4: though the lightes wer extinguishe thrugh the windo the thaints starlet dimly elomanated the seen
	layer_6: though the lights werextinguished through the window the faint starlec dimly elluminated the sene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlict dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he fallod him has raped las he cod
	layer_4: he folowed him is rappitdl se he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidl as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: thesh was cof be in hm and wen they wr out sid seus es im
	layer_4: the uth was clof be hined him and when they were outsidsuse is ime
	layer_6: the outh was culoft behind him and when they were outside sused tis arm
	layer_8: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside soosed his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside soosed his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: boif hanthe car halyou proat me
	layer_4: oyf ha the cere halyou prote me
	layer_6: oh i hathe car ho you proach me
	layer_8: oh i ha the car how you pproach me
	layer_10: oh i've had a care how yo approached me
	layer_12: oh i've had ta care how you approached me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the solders be gan the crowd obout the hos when ata sy nofrom tcapting aswerth tha treame bance kanme on the seen in prepared to grafle with the solsers
	layer_4: the solderse began the crowd about the house when ati signeo from tapting wasworth that tram bance came on the seen and prepared to grapl with the solsers
	layer_6: the solders began the crowd about the house when at a signal from tapting wasworth that traime bance came on the sen and prepared to graple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the traind bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: weareis the charter
	layer_4: wereres the charter
	layer_6: where is the charter
	layer_8: where is the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you hav eoarsolders of the dor and we hovf the trane biams o cnaicat readiydtod the frindes againse filncs
	layer_4: you have yeoar soldiers of the door and we have the train bans of conanicat ready d to de findess againsed filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the train bans of conanicate ready to defind us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of comnenticate ready to defind us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of communicate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of communicate ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: ho of hewu hasthe charter
	layer_4: o of you has the charter
	layer_6: oo of you has the charter
	layer_8: oo of you has the charter
	layer_10: ho of you has the charter
	layer_12: ho of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was the poy cridin rinsgovrinen
	layer_4: it was the boy crid inran sgovernent
	layer_6: it was the boy cried  inreaneh governon
	layer_8: it was the boy cried theenranched governornt
	layer_10: it was the boy cried the nranc governorn
	layer_12: it was the boy cried the enrange governort

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: every memberof the sembly shook their hecs
	layer_4: e ery member of thesembly shook their heds
	layer_6: everymember of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: weudou not knol ham he dhus mut liing to hattait whetoes fhe live
	layer_4: we yo not know him he does not living to had ecket where t os he live
	layer_6: we d do not know him he does not living to aticat where tdoees he live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonattikuet where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living tinateket where does he live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tinateqet where does he live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littledthed the captin oar s uth foul sisindrenen theth thif simple ct woultd maek the ol tree hi stort
	layer_4: littleded the captain oras yoth fulcistan drein that their simple act would make the ol tree his stortk
	layer_6: little did the captain or as youthful asistant dreng that their simple act would make the old tree his storc
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful asistent dreaeam that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the tree in which thue doneatlwas htting was ever afg trwris nownes churter ok
	layer_4: the tree in which the doktneat was hitting was ever afftherwars known as charter ok
	layer_6: the treea in which the dogan it was hitting was ever afterwars knownas charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dopant was hitdeng was ever afterwards known as chartor oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dochnet was hitting was ever afterwards known as  charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dochnet was hitting was ever afterwards known as charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it re man theygri spering rut evre ear andtittle he little aftri mid nigen allgus ehteintifty ics whent it was prostereted by  ha ty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remaned the grisparing rouite every year andtitdle a little aftere midnightin algus eaghteentifty icx when it was prostrted bya ha ystorm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year antitale a little after midnightind agust eighteen tifty tix when it was prostrated by a heay storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the griss sparing fruit every year untilttal a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the orter from the seesure of the cartofsats forst made nown ye sebly  vror il an sen a mlsoyile agasto the king sang
	layer_4: when the order from the sigure of the chartfs wihs forst made nown ye sembly ror island sent amos loyl agths to the king sayng
	layer_6: when the order from the sesure of the chardis was first made known ye sembly  roislan sent a most loyal agets to the king saing
	layer_8: when the order from the sesur of the charters was first made known the asembly ro islands sent a most loyal adgjecs to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the segur of the chargers was first made known the assembly of roe island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the sieger of the charters was first made known the assembly of roe island sent a most loyal address to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formaly the solve fthe sembly brok the sel of the calny which bore the fhi ger ofan aner and  the word hop and mined fivante inhavbetnince into as litheslatof counsl and the soome the funtion of govener but he did not takeawy the perctumen un which the charter was ritin
	layer_4: he formialy desolve thees sembly broake the sel of the calliny which bor the thigur of an aner and  the word hope and minded fiven the inhabetence into ais letislat of councl and a soome the function of govrner but he did not takaa the parchmen unwhich the chrter was written
	layer_6: he formeily desolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an antor and the word hope and midted fivein the inhabitants into his ledishlateif councl and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the chartr was written
	layer_8: he formerly disolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislativ council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly disolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: fro that time un till bthe for snion of the collnine srmatuald the fecs oat the berhin out of the friencg in indhe in wor dhing havbitenseof rowd ilin bor ther share it te dhe frenctof everts espechiely en the hosstlsavages honmgalong their frentures of neor ly cang ill omend clod
	layer_4: from that time untill the forsetunion of the coliningsfrmatuald the fents oaft the birthing outo the friench in inde in war thein habitence of rod islan bor their share in the defrens of eards aspechially wen the hostal sava ges hung along ther frenturs o of neor likecan ill oment lod
	layer_6: from that time until the for sunion of the colonigs frematual defence at the birkhing out of the friench and indian war the enhabitans of roade island bor their share in the diefrenceife eforts especially when the hostal savages hung along their frentiersf newyork like an ill omant cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the foursunion of the colonigs fr mutual defense at the burthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bore their share in the defrenseive efforts especially when the hostil savbages hung along their front iearsf new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the forhed union of the colonis for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the defenceovfe efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiersof new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the forced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defenceove efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histrey tha conenwelvfh is ha dennafid with thut of all me inlon from the be gining o kim wiliims wor soon aferthexpeltiromntof anderos
	layer_4: the histres that comment wele is ha denafied with thaugt of all nmy winglan from the begining of kam willioms war soon ator tothexpaltion of andros
	layer_6: the history f that commont wealth is hadenified with that of all ne wingland from the beginning of king william's war soon affter tothe expultion of andros
	layer_8: the history of that common wealth is dentified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of androws
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of androws

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beauto fllday had gon out of the drad ful storm
	layer_4: a beatofull day had grone out of the dredful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had gron out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and dheverevodin with so happy
	layer_4: and everybodin with so happy
	layer_6: and everybody with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nep tem the the s al thetadstruck onthe sand bar wats noshyfuly ankerd neur shor and the saloas kammn annout in robots thacinforth tillint justo syishd
	layer_4: the nepcn the vhesal that ed struck on the sandfbar wath nos yfly angereed n eour shore and the silas came in anout in robotes bhack anforth tolant jus to sty wished
	layer_6: the nepchin the vessele that had struck on the sandfar was now ctayfully ancured neoar shore and the sailars came in an out in roboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the nepchune the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now safly anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptun the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptun the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to goback to work at the loges went on the captin and then one ofver cru to te fever
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at tha logs went on the captain and then one ofvor cruw took ha fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what teleanthu so
	layer_4: that was what teleat a so
	layer_6: that was what deled a so
	layer_8: that was what delina so
	layer_10: that was what delina saw
	layer_12: that was what delina saw

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: fi noly we had every wla bloyed on h scgooner and we steart ed o
	layer_4: finaly we had every lo glowded on the scooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every lawe gloaded on the schooner and we startet off
	layer_8: finally we had every low gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every lo gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every log gloaded on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we cantead oun get in ho lus week when tis la strme strukass and drolus ot of ar corse
	layer_4: we camnted on get in homelesst week when this las storm struk as ind drovus out of ar course
	layer_6: we can'ptid on get in home las week when this lat storm struck us and drov us out of our chourse
	layer_8: we campt it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_10: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: abut the tholyu asnmisterbobsy who as dawnd frondthe sitty
	layer_4: abot the vallou asemister bobsy who has downd from the ity
	layer_6: about the valu asked mister bobsy who as downe from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsy who was downe from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was dawned from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsy who as downed from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the vol you werepieted the capft in the sid so t the stranders mat not her
	layer_4: the val ou were peated the caftain the sid sot the strangers maghe not hear
	layer_6: the value were peted the caftain ta side so at the strangers might not here
	layer_8: the value werepeated the caftain aside so hat the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the caftain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the caftain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: whal ive wrich min now and so as my mat meglolclaen for that wold bwas contractes forby s e lagest and richouspanaw hoerm in this countr and now id as all but thelivered to them and the money in or hgence
	layer_4: while imarich mi now and so is my met magloallin for that would was contracted fore by the largest and richus peano erm in this country and now it is all but te livered to them and the money in aurhans
	layer_6: while i 'am a rich man now and so as my mate maglocan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches pianoferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mglalan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piaanofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc lalan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianoform in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glawclan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianoform in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesendid it wol ive sakc an as like tand to kimlyit is much mon as wehave aurnd in the sher
	layer_4: yesendeed it whut hae teakenesa lifetin to kiemla is much moneey as we ae earnd in the cher
	layer_6: yes indeed it woul have take an es a life time to ceeme la as much money as we have earned in thi sher
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken es a lifetime toaccemlate as much money as we have earned in this heear
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accemelate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accemelate as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: mi the ont moly wil takou dn to the sitin ont her shohing tor sugjested nan
	layer_4: mea the on eionly will takee daund to the citiy on her shopthing toor sugested nan
	layer_6: me the un emmily will take you dan to the city on her shopthing toor suggested nan
	layer_8: me the aunt emily will take you danto the city on her shopping tor suggested nan
	layer_10: miti aunt emily will take you dawn to the city on her shopping toour suggested nan
	layer_12: mitie aunt emily will take you dan to the city on her shopping toour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he naid te clics om of all the ctruckt rom the iles an i ges evrybatyi was glad the armytell down
	layer_4: he made tbeclerch rom ove all the trk from the iles and i ges ev rybodyt was glad the armytfelld down
	layer_6: he made the clerc uom ove all the truck from the isles and i guesst everybody was glad the army felld down
	layer_8: he made the clerk ormove all the trucks from the isles and i guss everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks to move all the trucks from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks to move all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: theg woneo huol resh ar that thes menlavdin nid inday had breaten theire eies two so that evin the plaines tfacet and e mos awred man among them wwhas as nimbor as anatlyt from his perfictexersie
	layer_4: the onedeful fresh air that these menlivegin night inday had briahtn theire eyes two so that even the planestt fasced and the most oard man among them was is nimbl as an athlet from his perfictdexercie
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men livedin night in day had brightene their eyes too so that even the plainest fasced and the most awcwared man among them was as nimbl as in athlit from his perfect exercize
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brighten their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: calld birt who had heured his uncle geting ready to rin down to the wat earsudge
	layer_4: clle brt who had heurd his uncle gettng ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: caled birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle gettng ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it s essconr said misterbing am to misstermanter and she a the very haty cargl
	layer_4: it's a schoner said mister being am to misterminter and she a the very havey cargoe
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bing am to mister minter and she has ha very heavdy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fassondha havey ropercable
	layer_4: to this cord was fastendat havye ropercable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope er cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what' that bord fore asprt an she saw bord following the cel
	layer_4: what's that bord for aspert adshe sa board following the keble
	layer_6: what's that board for aspert as he saw board following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for aske bert as he saw a board following the keeble
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keybel
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keybel

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thacs the direction said ho
	layer_4: thats the direction taid how
	layer_6: that's the directions said how
	layer_8: that's the directions said hal
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hae

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the ra printedin en embervl ing wiges and they tell he crueto cre the and of the cheable hih up to the masd and fasin itstrongly ther
	layer_4: the repprinted in henumber v lenguiges and the tell the cru to cary the endof the kable high up to the mast and fasin it strongly ther
	layer_6: they re printed in the number of languages and they tell the crouew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fast ine it strongly there
	layer_8: they ere printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_10: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oa i se said pert the lin will strech ten and the braches vui wll goo on opolly
	layer_4: oh i sey said bert the lin wills struched then and the breaches buly will goou on apuly
	layer_6: oh i see said burt the line will stretche then and the breeches booly wilel go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bouly will go out on a polly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the lin will stretch then and the breeches bouly will go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches booly will go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clere daye now and much of the whic ild storm ad past
	layer_4: it was cleare day now and much of the wickit storm had passet
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had pased
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: weedeyli can grels nd lom into the beth
	layer_4: with the delihte can girls and lomento the bech
	layer_6: with the day lighte came girls and lominto the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight can girls and lom into the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight came girls and lumindto the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and lumind to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus boby nmisus minteurng naly and hermother besidstorthe at nan wer all thear flasy andfreaty beeing ablged to stay hlme with dinnd sshen
	layer_4: missus bobsthy meissus minturn nowly and her mother besides dorthy an nam ere all there flosyand fredy beeing ablodged to sta home with din ns sisen
	layer_6: missus bobsy missus minturn nelly and her mother besidestdorthy and nam were all there flosy and fredty being o blodge to stay home with dina instusin
	layer_8: missus bobbsy missus minturne nelly and her mother beside dorthy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_10: missus bobsey missus mintern nelle and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susen
	layer_12: missus bobsey missus mintern nelle and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flosy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susen

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of cuource the girls ast al sorts ofquessions and brtan hol tritot enswer then is pess thy clod
	layer_4: of coursed the girls ast all sords of quessions and birtain holl tried to anser the mis bes they cood
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer thanm is best theay could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seen dholong timyfore anyg move men of the cavble shod that the boylas turining
	layer_4: i seemn the long time yfore any movement of the cable showed that the bolwas returning
	layer_6: it seeme ha long time before any movement of the cable showe that the boi was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buly was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buly was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: ner and ner at camg an till nowmans hedcould becng
	layer_4: nearrer an ner a came und till now a mandse head could beeen
	layer_6: nearer and near it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsan woman were twho fratne to tok and nowly clon close to her mother
	layer_4: the girlsing woman were two frigten to tolk and nelly clun close to her mother
	layer_6: the girlsand woman were too frighten to talk and nellyd clun close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bhigroler dashing ind fin e sthe wor  for the litegurs and the man in the courtpelt brndit apon sor
	layer_4: a bigroler dashing in finihe the work for the lifsgiards and th man in the courtbult barneded upon sdore
	layer_6: a big roler dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courtbelt bandid upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guuirds and a man in the courth belt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the lifeguards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the lifeguards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybuty dathit around ad newly with he stranehface and astrander holp broke hrou the crou o se the resked men
	layer_4: every body gathed around ad nowly with the strangeface and a strangeer hop broke through the crout to sea the resked man
	layer_6: everybody gathed around ad knelly with the strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the reskied man
	layer_8: everybody gathered round and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crow to see the rescued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: o it is myfather she scrend falling wreate into the arns of the drencst man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screned falling reiat int the arnce of the drenched man
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screanmed falling riht into the earns of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arts of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the hoalftrned man rob tis is is of fe could nopolith them then the nexminat he presst as little d oghter to whis heart andeable o spekele word
	layer_4: but the haf trouned man rubed his eyes its if fecould not beliave them then the nexminite he presst as little daugher to as heart and able to speakl word
	layer_6: but the half dround man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minite he pressed his little daughter to his heart anable to speaka word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is jorge bing imilt ther ancshous sly as the brother
	layer_4: and is jorge being im out there anxiously ased the brother
	layer_6: and his george binghm out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and wel cin the wlolkom inster
	layer_4: safe and well kin the bwakcum anster
	layer_6: safe and well kam the welcome anster
	layer_8: safe and well kame the welcome anster
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i gesir pers were her ad d elusnt
	layer_4: i guess ir rears were her a dlasnaght
	layer_6: i guess our prirs were her last night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guesse our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: her comd inother man exclenet the pepl as this ting a bignan dashet on sans
	layer_4: he re comedanother man exclemed the people as this time a bignman dashed onsanse
	layer_6: here come another man exclemed the people as this time a bignman dshed on sans
	layer_8: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands
	layer_10: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands
	layer_12: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whill eid te clar we dideland ont efrienly shor
	layer_4: while i declar we didiland on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declaire we did aland on a friendly sore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: jises misster bing himseid thuhli saving wore turned out to beu social f fhere for there as a great tine gruting nelly sfather and hols uncle
	layer_4: justis mister bing himseid the li seving work terned out to be as social af feir for there was a great time greding nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_6: just as mister being him said the lie saving work turned out to be associal affair for there was a great time greeting nelly'sfather and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time grooting nelly's father and holl's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time grooting nelly's father and holl's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and hown his wather to put in nan
	layer_4: and howan his father too put in tna
	layer_6: and how ind his father to put in nan
	layer_8: and hol and his father too put end nann
	layer_10: and holl and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and holl and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: hat a morning that was at sentep beh
	layer_4: what a morning that was it senset bekch
	layer_6: what a morning that was it senseet beakh
	layer_8: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was at sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: 'nd so g ad wy praid said little flosye t freatty whent she herd the god nogs
	layer_4: i'm so g laod we prad said little floy t fredy whent she cheard the good nes
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prayde said little flosy to fredy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to freddy whens she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to freddy when she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to freddy when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: pra capton gas i as i a was going down intes a capen its amannovr ovitaken by dus amn this passage
	layer_4: ra capton cos i as i a was going down intos accaen it a man nover overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_6: bray captain cose iye as ialwas going down in tos a cabin it's a man nover overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_8: bray captain cos i as iwas going down into h s a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_10: pray captain qros i as i was going down into sa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus ind this passage
	layer_12: pray captain qros i as i was going down into sa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus and this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: wa thes notid fon aman to be sicen id repity waty crs lia for i am sik as a hols gos i oretty whor ta brain ob si down h da
	layer_4: wy the's notimve for a man to be sicen it replity what y curs lir for i am sick as a holse qiseie oretty whor ta brain obsig down ha day
	layer_6: wy the's not im for a man to be sicken it repliety what a curset liar for i am sick as a halls cquosei alreaty far ta brain obsit down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not ime for a man to be sicken id repliedhe what a cursed lier for i am sick as a horse quosi already hart a brain upside down hay day
	layer_10: why there's not time for a man to be sickinit replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hay day
	layer_12: why there's not time for na man to be sicken it replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hay day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: saiksaig
	layer_4: sak sak
	layer_6: sik sak
	layer_8: sick sik
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: seksik
	layer_4: seke sek
	layer_6: sak sak
	layer_8: sak sak
	layer_10: sick sik
	layer_12: sick sik

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: on sha eget e land
	layer_4: ene shall e get te land
	layer_6: en shal be get to land
	layer_8: hone shal we get to land
	layer_10: whene shall we get to land
	layer_12: whene shall we get to land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wen chope ter bout
	layer_4: the wenchope to bout
	layer_6: the wen chopedt about
	layer_8: the win chopped about
	layer_10: the wind chopped about
	layer_12: the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s dese the i shao me tim fouldlen the face
	layer_4: s dese than i shal met him foullim the face
	layer_6: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_8: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_10: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: capton coo she for haea sake letus getto shl
	layer_4: captain coshe for havfird sake let as get te so
	layer_6: captain co she for heavfi zake let us get a shure
	layer_8: captain koche for heavve's sake let us get ashore
	layer_10: captain koshe for heavon's sake let us get ashore
	layer_12: captain koshe for heavon's sake let us get ashore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was no di muccrites whoul lof ten tims mor  an y tawn clark ofr apdero
	layer_4: was not di mucrets whoul lage tentimes mor an i tan clarg ofor abdero
	layer_6: was not democrits who lauve ten times morsan eie ton clerg ofher abdera
	layer_8: was not democrats who laughed ten times more than i town clerg of abdera
	layer_10: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdira

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: hay ive he dornd beliv me hu may rets the chucpto forar pans
	layer_4: nay haf you durned bely vfe me yoeu may readt the chapter for your pains
	layer_6: nay ife you dorn'ed believe me you may reat the chapter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i se shauls orf shomedepard nnot behaps es ard an a na longing to oocreat the inl andte long wisers happisnobs
	layer_4: i see shars of them depard not behaps oves oud an a nad long ing two to quet the ilan delong withses happis nobs
	layer_6: i see sharls of them depart not perhaps avas outen anaite longing too to kret the islandt along withes happisnobs
	layer_8: i see shurs of them depart not perhaps wasout an aate longing too to gret the island along with thos happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see sres of them depart not perhaps washout an anaide longing too to gret the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_12: i see sares of them depart not perhaps wishout an anaide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: fay welldyo friends i say nyudlittorno thaty indeividor who regarbsyou from the beage is youa frend and  historyoorefer andt prosr
	layer_4: faawell d yo friends i say nyou letternowthat y indevidyuar who recards you from the bege is your friend and his to reocrifer and proe
	layer_6: fe well deu friends i say knew littenow that he individual who regards you from the beeagh is your friend and historiocriper and proser
	layer_8: frwell dear friends i say knew littlekno that he individual who regards you from the beech is your friend and historiocrapher and prozer
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say knew little kno that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say knew little kno that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to se oreclend fen snoks onbord the queen of a frenange many scaus a snubs wasar on the deck of sat fanship maching force in their prid and rafry
	layer_4: i wen to day to se aoreccland fvent snoks on borgd the queen of the frenge many scaurse a snubs was air on the deck of shet finship marching fouse in their prid and brafery
	layer_6: i went to day to see our rxcelantd vent snoks on borgt the queen of the frenege many scorsea snops warhere on the dack of that finship marching force and their pride and brafry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scos of snobs were there on the dack of sthat fineship marching force in their pride and braferey
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent went snoks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fineship marching force in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the frenanch many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fineship marching forcs in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they wall be at ostandind forrhouers they vilr in odat the contin an nextwek theyvear carianto farl lans the fin miss emige of the pritish  snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostandnt for rours they wil enondate the continandt nextweek they el carryanto far lands the famiss emage of the bretish snop
	layer_6: they will be at ostant int four rours they will inundate the continant next tweek they wil cary anto far lans the famous emage of the brittish snop
	layer_8: they will be at astant in four hours they will enundate the contenent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at astint in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at astint in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seen snobes in pin coedsentunting bts scowring oveis o company of rom and are hred e te rods en theirbollnean sling in the gaeres of thefvatican and to underd the shedtowy arntrs of to collsem
	layer_4: i have seend snobs in pincodes an tumting boods scarring overs a compiny of rome and have herd a ther rots an theirbellnon slayng and the galeries of the faican and t underd the shad owy arnturs of the colasm
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincodes and thumting boots scuring over a company of rome and have heard a their roades and their well known slang and the galleries of the vaican and  undere the shadwe arches of the colosm
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pincoates and hunting boots scowring over ha company of rome and have hearda their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy arches of the colsium
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scowring over the campagn of rome and have heard o their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the patican and under the shadowy arches of the colosm
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scowering over the campagny of rome and have heard of their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the patican and under the shadowy arches of the colosim

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my la demarchines comes on bord lookroaund we sat happe rof minggl tarar an tepardnence wich thistingwichers her ladeship and drecius to ho carrage for it is impossible thatche should mingo was i othe smnobson dak
	layer_4: my lady marciness comes on bod look sround weh sad happy ar of mingl terar anddeparetnence which the stinguicheres her lady ship and recius to her carrage for it is impossible that she should mengl was te other snobsomn dack
	layer_6: my lady marthiness comes onbord lookes round weeh sat happy air of mingle terrer and eperetinance which thi stinguishes her ladyship and rusius to her carrage for it is impossible that she should mingele wih the other snobson deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round with sat happy ir of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the others snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other sknobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: there she sats and wielbe elempriverd
	layer_4: the she saites and will be elempriverd
	layer_6: there she saids and will be illemprivade
	layer_8: there she saits and will be ill imprivaete
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill imprivatd
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill imprivaed

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi stroberile son her charit panals oarin graton her lad ships had
	layer_4: the stroberreleas on her chariet pannels our in grate on her lade ship's hard
	layer_6: the strobeareleas on her chariet pannels are in grat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the stroberreles on her chariot pannels are in grat on her ladyship's heart
	layer_10: the strawberre les on her chariot panels are in grat on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberri leas on her chariot panels are in grat on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas youd bestake the pesucasontos cavben
	layer_4: and davrs youd bustake the pisucason toth cavbin
	layer_6: and dav as you'd bys take the pisolcase intooith cabin
	layer_8: and davas you'd bust take the pisilcase intohi cabin
	layer_10: and davis you'd best take the pistlcate into his cabin
	layer_12: and davis you'd best take the pistlcate into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: looka t anes naton hamnstich an his ladyand therlitta som
	layer_4: look aet  onest nace in hanstith ane his lady and their litto som
	layer_6: look at honest nathe in hanstitch an his lady am their littere son
	layer_8: look at honest nain handstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_10: look at honest nason hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at honest nason hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what e neoble aeverof blasin content mant iuminates dhe feachersel tho snops of eastao rase
	layer_4: what  a noble aer of blasin contentment iluminade de fecers ol tho snobs of eastan rase
	layer_6: what a noble ar of blasing contentment illuminate the features o thoh snops of easten race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment elluminate the features of those snops of easter race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: what e twoneathounsdichesas
	layer_4: what a twonlatt houns dicisas
	layer_6: wat a twole athouns ticheses
	layer_8: what a twellaowns ditchasis
	layer_10: what a twollihtowns ditches is
	layer_12: what a twollit owns ditches is

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: it wion nev hasparrimselvf andy chep en doyment
	layer_4: yout wile nevers barimself anychep n doyment
	layer_6: yit will never spar himself any cheep en joyment
	layer_8: t will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_10: et will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: et will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i have sat befor i likto lok at the peoples on thergallar das thees so peictrusly ant oudr rageuslys blended ant haby
	layer_4: i have sad befor i like to look at the peoples on ther galoar days there so picdruscly ant oudragusly sblended ant haby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days there ae so picdrasically and outrageously splended and haby
	layer_8: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so pictrasically and outrageously splendid and habby
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallor days they are so picturasically and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so picturasically and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yoone ther coms cept am bolspecanspan tid an drim whu treveas r for sixmon seve o yar of islifve whod es not comitimser by lucury of raim endorinsinens of domenar but iathink es us greati sopas any man on bord
	layer_4: yorm ther comes kapt an bol speicon span tid and drim wit trevers for for o sixsmon cerver year of his live wold is not com it himsef by luctury of ram ent orencolancs of demener but i o think is us great te snopas any man on bord
	layer_6: ynter comes captaan bull spacken span tid and drim bert ravels for for o six mon sevy year of his live who does not commit himself by loctory of rameent or rinslence of demanar but i  think as as great esnop as any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spack an span tied and drim woi travels for four or six months ever year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of rament or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great ast nop as any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim would travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim would travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bo pasas toseason ae lonteon spomging fortinnes andtleping in agarit ner his clop
	layer_4: bor passes to ceaseon and lonton sfonging for dinners and tleping in agarat neawe his clup
	layer_6: boll passes to ceason in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garrid near his clup
	layer_8: bll passes the season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his clup
	layer_10: boll passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_12: ball passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: se yis uptild ca bes arady i tolto he wod
	layer_4: see is uptold carbesariady i told te he wod
	layer_6: see e s uptold carabesalrady i told y he would
	layer_8: see he 's uptold carabeats already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he's up to ld carbas already i told you he would
	layer_12: see he 's up to ld carabas already i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that brour taed ed bok wis egrate wiskas om the cleen twiet cid glos its misstafelam clansy of pldudiy stown nhe caus himself mista doclonsee he an devesto discises nat if frok wash a rijust so bepaosition o inglase and o fuplay ad teliads or ecart wis him tdei chantesar that o were won the firs ging andt he the seven ao aid games ancuing
	layer_4: that brough carlded bok was agreat weskhers am the clan t wite kid gloves is mister fllum clancy of pulldudy stown  he caus himself mistere doclonse he endevesto disgisees natif bruk wih a ricust so a position of inglish and a fuplay adt biliards or ecart was him tdidchantcersar that yhe wele won the firs gaing and hev the seven or eight games and cuing
	layer_6: that broug chaldet book was a great wheskers and the clean twhite kit gloves is mister fellom clancy of poulldudy stown he cause himself mister duclanse he endavours to disguisehes native brogk with e richest supa position of english and if yoeu play at billiards or ecart with him ded chanceers ar that he were when the first gaing and he the seven or eiht games and suwing
	layer_8: that broad chalderd book was the great whiskers and the clean white kitglovs is mister fellom clancy of palldudys down he cause himself mister du clon se he endeavoursd to disguise his native brok with the ricchest superposition of english and if hou play at billyards or a cart with him ted chancees are that yhe were when the first gain and he the seven or eight games en sewing
	layer_10: that broad shodered book was the great whiskers and the clean white kid gloves is mister fallam clancy of palduty's town he callse himself mister du clonce he endeavors to disguise his native brok with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a cart with him the chances are that you were when the first gang and he the seven or eight games ensewing
	layer_12: that broad choldered book wih the great whiskers and the cleand white kit gloves is mister fallam clancy of paldutys town he callse himself mister du cloncee he endeavours to disguise his native broke with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a cart with him the chances are that you were when the first gang and he the seven or eight games ensewing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson is obithok
	layer_4: the nexparson is inbet hak
	layer_6: the next person is on but hark
	layer_8: the next person is but hark
	layer_10: the next person is but hark
	layer_12: the next person is but hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: bon agrose instans of snomisioness hapens i should not the indickenan gan inlhist cars ha pobecatenctientues at delling coce to
	layer_4: when egrose instancs of snomisness happens wi should not the indignen garniles caus tha pubicatentien tods tat delling cu ce to
	layer_6: whene a gros instance of snomishness happens wi should not the indignant gournalesst caus the public attention dudes hat delling cucee too
	layer_8: when it gros instance of snomishness happens y should not the indignant journalist caus the public attentiontutes that delincusee too
	layer_10: when it grows instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention too that delincacy too
	layer_12: when it gross instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention too that delincacy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for instance couldsat onedo for cate of eal of mangle prierser at his brosir be exeemend in the snopish pointeof
	layer_4: how for instance could sat onederfol cate of the al of mangle bwietse and his brosser be exerment in the snobish pointo u
	layer_6: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the arl of mangle peittel and his broser be exament in the snobish point of e
	layer_8: how for instance could shat wonderful kate of the arl of manglebrcel and his broter be examined in the snobbish point of ew
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the earl of mangleberzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful kate of the earl of mangleberzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: ol re recuy as the saman should be rercommenneto  has by the arl of magoersushur
	layer_4: all re requy as tha saman should be recommeneto as by the erll of mango ensithare
	layer_6: ar we wequi es thas a man should be recommeneto us by the earl of mangoven soshare
	layer_8: orl we require ais that a man should be recommende to us by the earl of mengevin sushe
	layer_10: al we require as that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovil sushe
	layer_12: all we require ais that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangovin susher

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: el you pridei ol slolant
	layer_4: o you pride of al slolent
	layer_6: ho you pride of all sloblan
	layer_8: o you pride of all snlobland
	layer_10: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: o you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: oh u crling trockling self com fast lacces and paresihts
	layer_4: o yo cruing trocklingself con fast lackes and paroasigtes
	layer_6: oh ecraing truckling self confast lackes and parasites
	layer_8: oer craling truckling self confest lackeies and paracites
	layer_10: over craling truckling self confest lackeies and paracites
	layer_12: over craling truckling self confest lackees and paracites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it wase snobish senteimant tutimslet her and to mat av vanities apraido tah this wenli forthen taner
	layer_4: it was e snobase sentiment thut mslet her and to mate have vanaties apraide it thi swenling fortun tanler
	layer_6: it was her snobisgh sentiment thut mis let her and made ha vanitie s opprayde the s windling fortune talnar
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment bhut mislet her and made her vanitys appreyd the swindling fortune tallner
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment bhut mislet her and made her vanity s opray do the swindling fortune taller
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment bhut mislet her and made her vanitys o pray to the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howud you coand fort pritices be nevfilens exeiseto wl sintosing onfrenct lady
	layer_4: howd you cound for ta protigces benevilencs excescie to was sintesing on frenctlady
	layer_6: how wiud you count for the protiches benevilencs exercise to ward sintesting in french lady
	layer_8: how would you account for the proticus benevolen's exercise towards eintersting and french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the pretigious benevolente exercise towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the pretigious benevolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the onas wading haspeble r at ter feetetwons
	layer_4: the onos bording hous peble ra t her fetet wons
	layer_6: the hnesbording house peable wrat her feet atonns
	layer_8: the honors boading house peple read her feet at once
	layer_10: the honorst boarding house people rad her feet at once
	layer_12: the honorst boarding house people read her feet at onnce

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: gte anes ibe lor dloving jilde of snoplant
	layer_4: goot one impllod loving jilden of snoblent
	layer_6: good hone simpl lord loving jilden of snoblandt
	layer_8: good honoour simple lord loving cildren of snobland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_12: good honour simple lord loving children of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finanly te was e cas of te riede ono bo miste varn an hadouk
	layer_4: finanly there was ecase of derihd onorabe mistervern an had yug
	layer_6: finilly there was a case of derit honoraboe mister vern and a rg
	layer_8: finally there was a case of deridt honorabo mister vernand at og
	layer_10: finally there was a case of deright honorabo mister vern on at ork
	layer_12: finally there was e case of deright honorabo mister vern on at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: therite  onorabo was as sone of anobemen and prectist oin ol lady
	layer_4: the ride onorab was a son of anoboman and prectist unanal lady
	layer_6: the rite honourabl was a son of a nobleman and practised onanold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was tha son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he cast hisnts overfamanlyo fat them mother aendlters one of him epobrose domary
	layer_4: then he cased his nets over  family of fathem mother and aulters one of him he prprosed temarry
	layer_6: then he cased his nets over a family o father mother and augters one of him he proprosed to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and aughters one of hoim he proposed to mary
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one dad the drea t of bleat with a teopartr and abusket forl of colt fecgtrs
	layer_4: one dade the dreat of blead with a tepote and abusked ful of coldtficgjues
	layer_6: one dayde the drative flat with a teapot and a busket ful of coltd fictures
	layer_8: one dade the drat ofe flad with a teapoter and a busket ful of cold victures
	layer_10: one dad the trat of flad with her teapoter and a basket ful of cold victures
	layer_12: one dayt the trat of flad with her teapoter and a basket ful of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it os ar vid oneraper which bat the hoak which coj al thes gready simble snabes
	layer_4: it os a vid onerabo which bated the whoo which gogh al thes greeady symple sknabs
	layer_6: it was arvide honourabl which bated the hook which gog all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_8: it was a vide honourable which bateth the hook which gorg all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vight honorable which bateth the hook which gorg all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vight honorable which bateth the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what e have fentakn ain by comanar
	layer_4: what ey have bentaken an b comone
	layer_6: what' hey have ben taken in by commoner
	layer_8: what they have been takenin by commoner
	layer_10: what they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: what they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: an las and anlars wat mart a mam the spekitruse con heafor such onan laty
	layer_4: alas and alars what mat ar man the spek s tatruth con hop for such aanlady
	layer_6: alas and alars what mortor man the speaks the truth canhope for such a land lady
	layer_8: a las and alas what mortar man that speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: andtat o se s incencses af fonden crethuls snobisness ave ar curd an the same weekepabe was he noe is hoawnmany scor mal
	layer_4: and at al tes insences af fondandcratchulas snobitiness havee cured an the same weks paber was h nos how many schor mol
	layer_6: and yed waltes insenses of fond and cratulous snobisness have accured han the same weeks paper wits honow s how many schor mor
	layer_8: and yet ale's insences of fond andcreatulous snobbishness have occurred in the same weekspaper with who knows how many schoe mo
	layer_10: and yet althes inctences of fond incretulous snobishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many schoo more
	layer_12: and yet althes inctences of fond incretulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many school more

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we athre sstrs oseventeenter tren teto
	layer_4: we athree systers om seventeen to twenteton
	layer_6: we are three sisters mom seventeen to twentytun
	layer_8: we are three sisters rom seventeen to twenty ton
	layer_10: we are three sisters from seventeenth to twenty twon
	layer_12: we are three sisters from seventeenth to twenty twon

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we o ju ser same to peursons fro wase handle trosen a emusto seos was oartit
	layer_4: we ajus e samed to persansfor was a handlto en amust ti thos wats out et
	layer_6: we are just ta same to persons fur wihs t handle to ten a must da those wahout it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons wor with a handle to thir am as to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who with te handle to their am as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who with e handle to their am as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if e do i cana talpleat di u o ha senguen disposition an d eter tainilling gring home
	layer_4: if yo do i cannatalb t bd i ar ovea sanguen disposition and nto tan ilingring homp
	layer_6: if you do i cannotalbit but i am ovte sanguind disposition and ntertain a lingering homp
	layer_8: if you do i cannot helb it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hom
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering homp
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering homp

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excuirs esgrl ut igt awhiyse riht hadlong
	layer_4: excus is gral butd ie always right had long
	layer_6: excures this grawl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse this growl but i always rit had long
	layer_10: excuse this grell but i always write headlong
	layer_12: excuse this grell but i always write headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer rih to p fom to paver ind jould i cont up sinking that ef i eas u would nloc singi snaps
	layer_4: we never riht m berfum to paver int jord i cont up sinking that if fu k ears you would not sin is snops
	layer_6: we never writond prfum to paver injourd i can't ulp sinking that if you news you ould not sink hi snops
	layer_8: we never write on perfume to paver in geord i can't elp sinking that if you knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_10: we never write an perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if ye knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write an perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shar have ar bleccra r at my a whihtheat ant's my youse ul ben beo can asuv eritul ly gilds kno
	layer_4: i shaee have a bleccray r ha  my an wite heat ant's my yuseoul ben be can wus sevritully gild knove
	layer_6: i shal have a black crabe rad my inwhite head and my usall banbu came ware sarichally guils nove
	layer_8: i shall have a black crabe aud my white head and my usual bamboo came was sir richally guilt nove
	layer_10: i shall have a black crape rad my white heat and my usual bamboo came was sir richely gilt nov
	layer_12: i shall have a black crape rand my white heat and my usual bamboo came was sir richlly gilt nov

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amsore he will be no time to get up mosstashus bedree know in nixtweege
	layer_4: i amser e the will be no time to get up mostushias betwee know and next week
	layer_6: i am sore thre wll be no time to get up mostachies betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: fromseventeeme ti to antranty gid gotswor t agus
	layer_4: from seventeem to to intrenty yid gots or tagus
	layer_6: from seventeem ti to intranty yu gots ot agos
	layer_8: from seventeen otointranti yur god sorht ages
	layer_10: from seventeen to tuintrenty yor gods fort ages
	layer_12: from seventeen to tuintrenti yor gods fort ages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: ter youn creaces i cancs you al tree
	layer_4: tere youn creacus i cans you all three
	layer_6: teare youn creatrs i can see you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevfent unsose me as ne ar as myen t himeflife but miti down' say trn trenty stld
	layer_4: sefent ensose me as nea as my nt ime flife but miht i don't say ton trentystold
	layer_6: safentinsus me as nears my ontime of life but mit i don't say to n trenty stald
	layer_8: seventeensus me as near ast my own time of life but might i don't say twu and twentys tld
	layer_10: seventeen suts me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twentys to old
	layer_12: seventeen sutes me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twentys to old

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: nono an thaer fric rogised to mer mideon
	layer_4: no know and that frity rolguised to m mideron
	layer_6: no no a'm that frity rogis demu midere one
	layer_8: no no am that fritty rogi's demur mide one
	layer_10: no no a'm that pritty rogis demur middeon
	layer_12: no no am that pritty rogis deme mideon

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pes thar sillylessef flutering hart
	layer_4: p s pese the silly lissof fluttering hart
	layer_6: pese pese the sili lissto fluttering heart
	layer_8: peace peace tho silly nisst of fluttering heart
	layer_10: pease pease thy silly niss o fluttering heart
	layer_12: please pease thy silly liss of fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: you snabste ung ladies
	layer_4: you snobsty ung ladies
	layer_6: yue snosty young ladies
	layer_8: you snostey young ladies
	layer_10: you snobsty young ladies
	layer_12: yoou snobsty young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will pl any mens noso sesso
	layer_4: i will p any men's no so sesso
	layer_6: i will purgh any men's know s ou sess so
	layer_8: i will pu any man's no swho says so
	layer_10: i will pul any man's knose who says so
	layer_12: i will pul any man's nose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is now horm e being of a goot faely
	layer_4: there is no harm an bing of a godt fanely
	layer_6: there is no harmen being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: yo con tel et podrs wa sin ea ma
	layer_4: you conetel bat poi dars whasin a name
	layer_6: you caon' telp tatpoe dars what's in a name
	layer_8: you can't hel it pordears what's in he name
	layer_10: you can't help it poordeers what's in e name
	layer_12: you can't help it pooders what's in e name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: tha t fary comfid an savess of aragans af to be aurigant is to be asnoke
	layer_4: that fery comfithen saves of aragans af to be arigant is to be as knog
	layer_6: that very confiden savius of rigans and to be arigant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confidenc savius of arrogans and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confidenc savurs of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confidence savus of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bed  the kno crni naces leo ten the hards tler sols humble symblaen treselofing
	layer_4: but da theyr no caini nagers lotender hards o sas humble simpleantrece loving
	layer_6: but a theyr kno kiny nates notender heards to sols humble simple and trues loving
	layer_8: but are they re no kindly natures no tender hearts hoe souls humble simple and truce loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pond r wellon thiscuesien swaton lades
	layer_4: punder well on thi squesien swadyon ladies
	layer_6: pon er well on the squetion swid yon ladies
	layer_8: pon der well on this question swae young ladies
	layer_10: ponder well on this question sweat young ladies
	layer_12: ponder well on this question swat young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: interestowevr stil run sonan boscaes se per retacr o exetat t upamentof it juserveing to ceap themumry of thei f re live telat lings an som whe evealower pup com e creadetr auponagch and tebideamond ing prineupel ap on the spout to gether wais ful an dres tith everrday maked am bote feld the foulixtentof theveroblicatins
	layer_4: interens towevter still runson in bosthcates the pereodical o excedant r pament of i juserving to keep the mamory of the arffae rlife til at lengs in som w evelower pup comesecredier uponage and bydeamonding princupel upon the spot to gether wais ful anddresto the veryday maked ham both feeld the foull extent of their eroblications
	layer_6: interest thowever still runzan inbothcases the periodica or excidanta payment of it just serving to keep the mumory of the affar relive til at lenth in som eve ll houer pap comes a credater upon each and   by damanding principle upon the spot together wis full nderes to the very day makes them both feeld the full extent of their roblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodica or accidenta payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrelive till at length in someeval hour pup comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intress to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodical or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair relife till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodical or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair elife till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as e readar fori head youl rives has a sora noligh of humenager imne no tam mal to sete fy him sat my her o cucd not go on at this rat is outd some sliet experians of seesensidentof memantos
	layer_4: as i rader for i had your rives has a sorra nolege o humanature i knead not ta more o sefy him said my heare o could not go on at this rade wisoud some slighde experians of sheson todentoe memantrs
	layer_6: as the reader for i had your rives has a sorro knowledge of hu managure i need not ay more to satify him sait my hearo could not go on at this raide wisout some slight experience of thesein ci dentle me mantos
	layer_8: as ta reader for i hade your rves has a sorog knowledge of humanatur i need not say more to satify him sthat my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimantos
	layer_10: as the reader for i hate your rivs has a thorougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as the reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to spe the truth he hadt  wonntrnly invove imel f in matitud of smalr book detof this stanmp which noth wis stening ugenioursas rekuen te t fice he two much diseregardred tinking at as nod one of ton was contracted flu any molicnesy but on the condry fromen ane stey of mind and the margeocundirt of humer thy woult aonl of them becrostountin cos
	layer_4: to speeak the druth he hadt wontenly invofd himselfe in a matitud of smal bock dets of this s tamb which not wis stending yugeniou sas requentet fice he two much disry garded thinking thad as not one of them was contracted foruwh any malignacy but on the condry from an onesty of mind and de mar ocundity of humer they would all of tham becrosstountin cose
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a maltidute of small book deds of this  tam which not wih standing ugenious as frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thregh any malignacy but on the condry from an honesty of mind and the mere joccundity of humur they would all o them be crossd ount in coose
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wanternly involved himself in a multitude of small boock deats of this stamp which not withstanding eugeniusas frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignasy but on the condrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in  cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book dets of this stamp which notwithstanding yurgeniousas frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jrocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding ugeniouss frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocunnity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: ugen is woud never t mittis ind t woudoffen tel him sa to won day a rosr hoe would seatenly be recontwis and i would offrn ad in an axcent of sorow ful aprehantion is a a tem mosed biht
	layer_4: youden is would nevere de mi tis and would often tell him te t one day a rosar he would sattinly be raconto wis and he would ofern ad in an accent of sorowful apprehansion t i t a ater most mit
	layer_6: udines would never a dmit this and would often tell him that  one day a roser he would setinly be reckoned wish and he would often ad in an accent of sorrowful apprehansion to hithe utermost bigt
	layer_8: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rozar he would certainly be reckoned wih and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to te utermost migt
	layer_10: eugenus would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rosa he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hithe uttermost migt
	layer_12: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rozar he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hie uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what in cin yu enus  is a samerepanian as as folos
	layer_4: what inclined u denused ois tas same epainion as as follows
	layer_6: what inclined eugenus ths the same openion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenius tohs the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius ts the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: youoryc folloge hu dinis was ussise  sedo hs enclost sthim an enefr operem them mor
	layer_4: youry folloage hou geiness was es ise to tha dal his enclosto them and to never openm them mo
	layer_6: your ricke followede ugenes was has yes too hthe dool he s enclose t them and te never oped them mor
	layer_8: youric followed eugenus was his eyes tooth the door he thenclosed to them and onever opened them more
	layer_10: yorwic followed eugenus was his eyes too the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_12: yeorwic followed eugenius was his eyes too the door he then closed them and never opened them more

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alals po yrik
	layer_4: alase po youric
	layer_6: alas poyoric
	layer_8: alas poyoric
	layer_10: alas pooric
	layer_12: alas pooric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neve the less ingenal a parnce tho harior and the fosounder vragmluch a like the one ov ious distintion being that of sis
	layer_4: neve the less in general apparence the harior and the foxound of vramluch a like the one ovious distinction being that of sies
	layer_6: nevertheless in general apparance the herier and the foxshound of very much a like the one ovious distinction being that of sis
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound ar very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound arevery much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if yo wat to huntr hariourson floot sixten inceses quite bigunouf amos to bicg d run wit but if you ar ridingn to them twoning ences as a ouse ful hiht or even light tninuntus
	layer_4: if you want to huntur harriurs on floot sixten inces is quiete bigu nough almos to big do run with but if you are ritingito them twentynentes as a useful hight or even lnight tenanges
	layer_6: if you want to hunt er hariyoers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost to big to run with but if you are wridinginto them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteen inces
	layer_8: if you want to hunt er harers on foot sixteen inches s quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are ridingto them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen iches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it isusless to li downiny hard in fash reul ast colle it is somuch a matter of intevidural tast
	layer_4: it is usless to ly down iny hardaind fashd rul ast color it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_6: it is useless to lage down any hard and fasht rul as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lai down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupesr us ly sendoup towok and may sly be prceared to becaptenrieared until theire o tenouf to beintered to their work
	layer_4: but pupiesar usely sent out to walk and may asly be procuared to be captain reared untill their oldenough to be intered to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until theyr old enough to be inter to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until the are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be intered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of corcs finer but with theebink th of neckso purfict ind the biger hon boittle shoullers of the same patern and thet toaco pquarters an secon los
	layer_4: he as of corse fliner but with thete linkgh of neckso perfect in the biger howun liittle shoulders of the sane pattern and the tipicae quarters and second tlhoes
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the biger hond he little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hand the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thihes
	layer_12: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thivhes

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when heis farely on a line of or ee sticx to it as the sayng s lik abegal
	layer_4: and when he is fairely on a line of core e sticxt to it as the sayng is like abegale
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sang is like a begl
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sayng is like a begl
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quiht possible their for that tho begle was croushd wilth te welsh sothern or otter hound to get mor seiys and powr as ter sonty was a welsh ruf couted bel of god ateen antces and an lmust at denicl contipery that was cald the essecxs be
	layer_4: it is quipe possible theirfor that the beagl was crossd with the welsh sothern or outerhound to get more siye and power as ther serntly was a welsh rugh coaded beale of good aighteen inches and in almos tat denical contimpery that was called the essext beagl
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the begl was crossed with the welsh southern or outer hound to get more size and power as there cerntanly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at denical contemporary that was called the essecs beagal
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagale was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated begle of good eighteen inches and an almost atdentical contemporary that was called the essex buagal
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a greakt miny of the tr or were brad becamn gvery manufst as sones the hariur amd bigal o sosations frm and mor peretoelly wen a section ofd the peter bral hounsho was reserd forte
	layer_4: that agreat miny of the true or were bread became very manifest as soon as the hariur an bigal a socation was form and mwore perticully when as section of the peter birl hownsho was reservd fortherth
	layer_6: that a great many of the true ordr were bread became very manifest as soon as the harier andbigal association was form and more partically when a esection of the peter birl hown show was reserved for therh
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier anbigal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterburgh houndshew was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier an begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier an beagal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborogh hounshow was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then ti seeme ees ring commevrypare of the cuntry
	layer_4: then ti seemed tosprin cromeverypart of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostom the houstad plis very knowted indedd the hollton the le par the stoke place the et nbr the  srbiton the tronity floit the wood day mis is e duia hill iars nis is prises anmiss turnrs
	layer_4: one hears now of the choston the houst ad plas very noted indeed the wholton the le park the stoke place the ad nbirk the is ceurpiton the trinity foot the wood dayl misus u dubbia hill iars is is prices and missus turners
	layer_6: one hears now of the chostom the housthed place very noted indeed the halton the leea park the stoke place the eaden berg the  serbiton the trenity foot the wooddal missus udabia hilliards misus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the chostom the house ad place very noted indeed the halton the lea park the stoke place the edinburg the serbaton the trinity foot the wooddale missus jeudebia hilliards missus pryces and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chaston the house tod place very noted indeed the halton the l park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus gudubia hilleards missus pryc's and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chaston the house tod place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus gudubia hillieards missus pryce's and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: is rou darcasal or hasl noht depseat nor bolgye anwthay miw t exprestion
	layer_4: yes bround dar cazal or hasal not deep set nor bolgy and with i mild expression
	layer_6: eyes brownd dark cazl or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark chazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor boljy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor boljy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low fin in texture and  hangig in a greacful fold poas to the che
	layer_4: ears long set on lo fin intecxture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the chee
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: nemotertaly long stlily arghd thet throte showing son do lea
	layer_4: neck moteratly long slily arched thet throate showing some du lea
	layer_6: neck moderatly long slighly arced the throat showing some dolap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slighly arched the throat showing some delap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slighly arched the throat showing some de lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slighly arched the throat showing some dew lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: shollders len and sligtly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clen and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: fore les pichtreet fwil unded the do af good subtnce and round in the bom
	layer_4: for legs pithstrat well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_6: fourlegs pite streat well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_8: for legs qite streit well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_10: fore legs white streaight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs white straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: eet round well nucledut and strouny pated
	layer_4: feet round well nucledup and strongly pated
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patted
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smov veride smoth bery des ad not to fine or short
	layer_4: cop smov veridy smoothe bery dancs and not two fline or short
	layer_6: cot smoove variety smooth bvery dances and not too fine or short
	layer_8: cot smooth variety smooth verry dance and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coat smooth variety smooth vary dance and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth very dance and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not exceeding sixteen antces
	layer_4: hight not ecceeting sixteen inches
	layer_6: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: allthings wich follo from the apsilotnnatur ofe any atr beut of god must allwas exist and be infenit or an other worts care eaehurnal and infinit thru the said atrb
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absoluteinature of any aturbaute of god must allways exist and be infinite or an other words ar eathurneal and infinite thrugh the said atrbut
	layer_6: allthings which follow from the absolutein nature of any atribute of god must allways exist and be infinite or in other words are ecternel and infinite through thes said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolutey nature of any atribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolutey nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: proconcive ifit bepossibl suposing the propositien to be denid that the somthing in som aterbut of gcan follow fronty apsolut natur ofe the said atrbe and thettha same time it iis finight andhas a conditiond xistance or deration for instance the idy of god exprest in the atrbeut thout
	layer_4: profconcive ifit be possible supposing the proposition to be denide that the something in som aterbaute of go can follow from the absolute nature of these said atrbut and that at tha samed time it is finight and has  conditiond existance or diration for instance the idyea of god expresed in the atrbeaut thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denide that te something in some atribute of god an follow from the absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is fi night and has a conditioned existence or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that tsomething in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finihte and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attributes and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its natur an fonat
	layer_4: in its nature infinit
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must neceseraly exist
	layer_4: must necessarilly exist
	layer_6: must necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle ave now greated their for fougt not coshituting the idy of god and a cqortingly the idea of god das not natrally follow fro mits natur inso far as it is abesolut hut for itiis concved as cositoting and allso as not costoding the idea of got which is aginstor haothcies
	layer_4: we have now graded theirfor thought not consituding the idea of god and accortingly the idia of god dos not naturally follow fra mi tes nature inso far as it is absolu thought fore itias conceeved as consituting and also as not consituding the idea of got which is against or hapothisis
	layer_6: we have now grated therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow foro its nature in so far as it is absolute thought four it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothisis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and be on the lemits of the deretion of the idyof god suppousing te latter at sometime not to hiabixisted or not to beqoing to exists thought wouod perforse havp existid with out the idya of god which is contry to ar hupotheces for we suppos that tought beng given the ide of god ness sarly flowd their from
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the diretion of the idea of god supposing te latter at sometime not to have existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to aur hupothecis for wea suppose that thought being given the idea of godn es sarly flod there frum
	layer_6: and bey ond the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought wood perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to our hapothisis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of godenesessarly flowed ther frum
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duretion of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothosis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god nesessarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: berin min that the same proposition ma be o fermd of n ting wh itch in any atrbut nascarly folows fromgads abpsl natur
	layer_4: bearin mined that the same broposition may be of firmed of nyththing wich in any atrbaute necessarily follows from gods absolut nature
	layer_6: bearing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear ing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: courler hancsit folos that god e is not only the caus of things coming into existance but alsl of theircontinuwng in existancs thadyis inscollastec raslligy god is cas of the being of things as sendy reromme
	layer_4: courlary hancs it foallows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existance but also of theire continuing in existance thatiis ins colastic frasoligy god is caus of the beaing of things as sendy rerrum
	layer_6: corlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that iis ins colastic frasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindy rerum
	layer_8: corlary hhence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reram
	layer_10: corelary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindy reram
	layer_12: corelary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scolastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindi rera

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: corelery indi vidul things ar nothing but motofications of the hatrbutds of god ore mods by which the atrbets of god arexprest iny fixt and defanat maner
	layer_4: couralary individual things are nothing but motifications of the atrbutes of god or modes by which the atrbautes of god ar expresst ina fixd and definat manner
	layer_6: corilary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or mods by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definate manner
	layer_8: corulary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: saigh oco such a tam you neverdidsy
	layer_4: sac o cor sirch a time you never dad sy
	layer_6: sach o cor such a time you never dad sy
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a cor such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a core such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: otuas wition somebody wa gid the conb erscation a start wan in i any mait abriak
	layer_4: oas wisian some body would give the comnversation a start wn in tiany madeor brake
	layer_6: is wish in somebody would give the conversation a start wein in tianny made a break
	layer_8: i as wishin somebody would give the conversation a start whin indianni made a break
	layer_10: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this ay't no great stot country sas he to the ol gentanman with the kan
	layer_4: this aight kno great stot country says he to the old gentlman with the kan
	layer_6: this a' no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the came
	layer_8: this aint no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kan
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the kane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no soir says the ol gentnm
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlene
	layer_6: no sir says the old gantleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: thers ver little grasing her and the rages prtty much ware ou
	layer_4: theres verit little grasing here and the rages prtty much ware ou
	layer_6: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the rannge is pretty much wre out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yong laty smil thrervay and the ald laty snaptr as an lexcsad was ad the speaker
	layer_4: the yung lady smil throuhr val and the old lady snapter eys an look cidwas at the speakur
	layer_6: the young lady smile throug  vail and the old lady snappeder eyes and looked side ways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled througher vel and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sigheways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled througher vel and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: an wind d oud arlingns to seufa canct git contract out of unl sam to feed the bos atcs ben lickin thim in fronal mexcon so bai
	layer_4: i'nd wined ou d arlinns to see ifi cant gitao contract out of uncl sam to feed the bos acs been liockin them in fornal mexcon so ba
	layer_6: i'm win down to aur lenes to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys oncs been lickin them in fernel mexkin so bad
	layer_8: i'm wingd own to lens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once been lioking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wined down to uleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wined down to oleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: overed some a counse of the batl sas the ol jentlemen tha didn't e a very flattering a cout of the cond uc d o some e artruops
	layer_4: ov red some a counce of the battl says the ol jentleman tha didn't yuv a very flattering a cout of the conduckd o some o oar trups
	layer_6: i' read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't yuve a very flattering a cout of the conductdo some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't yuve a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the l prature lisin do im with evid ent sinds ofe ds plasr to histinin ronan tiley couldnstantit no longer
	layer_4: the ol preatur lisendo him with evident sins of dis plasure to isten in gronen teillhy couldn stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preachur listen to him with evident sins of dis plasure twisten and grown an til he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher litened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he shud is moth rat in he mittle f wat u w saon and looked at pe preature whillis fay s goughts red as fr
	layer_4: he should his mauth raht in the mitle of wath wa saan and looked at tha preature while his fase got as red asfire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayon and looked at the pracher while his face got s rid as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got s rd as fire
	layer_10: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_12: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swaring sas the ol preature is a terible badt pract as and ther ng now yus in it kno how
	layer_4: swering says the ol preature is a teriable bad prect as and there eint know us in it kno how
	layer_6: swaring says the old preachere is a terrible bad practs and there ain't kno use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practce and there ain't no use in it kno how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ots but inte any gep shad e appered to be cou d
	layer_4: ots but in the any gep shady he appeared to be cowd dow
	layer_6: ots but in thanne kept shady he appeared to be cowd dow
	layer_8: oots but in ti ani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: oots but indieanni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: oots but indianni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: yl genlmon with the cainne tocapard in the combersation and the whosurlisen whithot ever oen in this had
	layer_4: yol gentleman with the cane to oc apard ing the combersation and the whosure listen with that ever opene in his had
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took apart in the conversation and the hosur listene without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a partin the conversation and the hooger listened without ever open ing his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoojer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoojer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sot amengo morow and seeng the plase war lots whth fhil
	layer_4: he was at sat amanga morro and seen the place ware lots wath fill a
	layer_6: he was at sotamenga moro and seeing the place ware lot's wagfh fill a
	layer_8: he was at satamengamoro and seeing the place war lot's wife fill ah
	layer_10: he was at satamengamoro and seeng the place war lots wife fill ah
	layer_12: he was at satamengamoro and seeing the place war lots wife fill ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: y sys the preeatur he wit to the very spout and wastherea markablis thing a all he seen the piller of sallt wathhe wase turnd in t
	layer_4: ye says the preature he wint to the very spot and was ter remakables thing of all he seenm the pilloer of saull wat she was tured in to
	layer_6: yes says the preachere he went to the very spot and was to remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of sal what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: ye ser he seen thesulstand in thar to this da
	layer_4: yes ser he seen the sat stand in thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the saut stand in thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the st standing thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he's seen the sat stand in thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir hes seen the sats standin thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what sas thusur reol genawn gotd saet
	layer_4: what says husur rel genewin good sat
	layer_6: what says the housure rel genowine good soft
	layer_8: what says the hoozer rel genowine good soft
	layer_10: what says the hoozer rel genowine good soft
	layer_12: what says the hoozer rel genowine good soft

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes ser apilerof sallt jisdt is it ws wen that wikid olon was ponised for herdesol bedis
	layer_4: yes sir a piller of sa just is it was wetnh that wikid woman was punished for her ds o bediats
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of sault jist as it was wen that weked woman was punished for her dsobedietes
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedientce
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: riht out in the open ire heas
	layer_4: ri d out in the open air hast
	layer_6: riht out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had theinbut little of that mynent ant acur nollygjeo the intuir o the cot onit whit was recqwasit for tedtermination of th brobl
	layer_4: we had tenbut little of that mynunt and accur nowage of the intuiure of the contan it wich was reckwas it for tetermination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minut and accurat knowege of the inteior ofthe continite which was requwasit for determination of the proble
	layer_8: we had theen but little of that minte and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continet which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had teen but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had bheen but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saverale deieforet partys er theirfor orenas to exam an the various routs supose to be prac ticable whit in ten nore than ansethenlymits of the nid stats
	layer_4: saveral deieforat parties were theirefor orgenys to examan the verious routs suppose to be prack ticable with in the nor than end sothernlimits of the niede states
	layer_6: several differite parties were therefore organise to examined the various routs supposed to be practikable with in the nor than end souther limets of theunite states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onlhing discimination mad was in the more prop andtheroe quitment of the paritis fore the extreme nor thand lin and this was only becse that was supposed to beve the m osed ivicallt of ex ution of all the servays
	layer_4: the onli discrimination made was in the more propt and thorol iquitment of the parties fore the extramd nor than line and this was only becaus that was suppose to beh the mosdivicalt of excution of all the servas
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompetd and thorogh equipment of the parities for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquaories were mad with regar to gon pour wge seabsquently lead to the ys of a corser ring for ara teillory
	layer_4: in quries were made with regard do gon powtrt wage seb squently led to the use of a courceer ran for artilloery
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gun powter whiche subsquently led to the use of a courser rain for our tilery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gun powder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rain for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the ofsers of thesd ragemints werechoson paretly bas tot lection from those al redy in serbes in the reg of her ormy ham partly bi point nha tromsivele lai
	layer_4: the oficers of these ragoments were chosan partly boss th lection from those already inservoe in the reguf ther army ampartly by  point nat from sival li
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by s telection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by a pointlet from cival lie
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: inder in structiontron the prasnint the lheiist was theirefor revsd and mot ifd e in accorencs wit theis new elmet o jyu crafical tdhisterbution
	layer_4: onder in structions fro the prasden the lest was theirefore revised and motofide  in ac cournce with theis new elomet of jecraficul disterbution
	layer_6: onder instructions from the president the lst was therefore revized and motified in accorence with this new element of gecrafhical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of gocraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: aters mefrther iscussion of the question to his jers with drou dos satis fid with ther rieslt o the inerviu
	layer_4: aftersomeforther discusion of the question e vis jers with dre dessatisfid with the result of the inerview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visgers with drew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visigors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the qurtemast rgeneal on hering of this counversation hatien' to an fore me that it was all on mhestak at the appot y to the offshad been confounded with his father tho was i well known wig but that he the sn whas ad demecret
	layer_4: the qurtermastrgeneral on hearing of this conversation hasen't to anfore me that it was all in mhistake at the appoity to the offishad been confounded with his father who was i well known wig but that he the sun was a demercrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastent to enform me that it was all a mistake at the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a demmocrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: i surd te general at this was all togother him ateril ading thad it was ainvery prety quorl is it stoood an that i had no a desir to a fecta settlmet o it on iny in feriyour isu
	layer_4: ias sured the general at this was all tho gether him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quaral as it stood and that i had kno adesire to affect i settlement of it o n any infureiyour istu
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was all together himmaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarreal as it stoood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any infuriour isu
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any infurior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the sotial at to torsmolking  aurdedbictworiin these an for sometime lat her was crios
	layer_4: the sutial att o towersmoking  aurdebic torien dase and for sometime later was curius
	layer_6: the silcial atityu toworsmolking  arryvictorian dase and for some time later was curius
	layer_8: the social atitud tower smolking arary victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attitude ol were smolking te early victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attitude ol were smolking e early victorian days and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: nol miss es crep hu sais i fuaiin us morky homer and e sha proubly blayse a way al nits
	layer_4: now missus crep he  sais i feliin nus mokyng helmur and shal probly blays a way i'ul night
	layer_6: now missus cueelp he says i feely a us moking humer and shall probly playe away i'll night
	layer_8: now missus cep he says i feel y in a smoking humour and shall probaly blaze away all night
	layer_10: now missus cip he says i feel in a smoking humor and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus cip he says i feel in a smoking humor and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but  seie te wher you ar if he plles hin cace a onstn
	layer_4: but th seedt  where you are if eplece hincase a wounto
	layer_6: but the sea to whearey you are if you plice in case it wond yo
	layer_8: but te see t wher you are if you please in case i'e wondt you
	layer_10: but the seat where you are if youe please in case i've wound you
	layer_12: but the seat where you are if youe please in case i've wound you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the boorf cace haiever wer capolit
	layer_4: the dorf s tace owiever welr capilit
	layer_6: the dorf'stastes however wil capollit
	layer_8: the dwrf's tastes however will capol it
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however will captle it
	layer_12: the dwarf's tastes however will captle it

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crep en bras whenowthnsalsiate
	layer_4: but crelpend brass whenow thencsilsiaty
	layer_6: but crelp and bras where now thinsolsiety
	layer_8: but creop and brass were now the insociety
	layer_10: but creep and brass were now the insociety
	layer_12: but creop and brass were now the insociety

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: the wa sdofleney l facthive uponais and the nousersof to baccl
	layer_4: thee was stoppflany a fackteve aponase and the noncers of to bacc
	layer_6: there was sto lenyo factie apons and the nounsers of tobacco
	layer_8: there was ste plentyof fact ive aponis and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was stol plenty of factive opons and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was stil plenty of factive opones and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one not the molsto thistingistrwas the grd thewcaof wedingthe who aboman ansmocing andthe wast on toitd by bin cores el se garst moking a mon alfycsers elft te army
	layer_4: one nof the muolsaf thistingister was the grit the ocof waling ten who aboman an smoking ande wasten twoite by theeing cores elf segarse moking amon aficers elf the armiy
	layer_6: one ogh the most at thistinguistr waso the grit teoko ralington who abomen and smoking and wastenite by theincraself sigars moking among ofpicerself the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguised was the gri dokov wallington who abomin and smoking and was anoyed by tbhe increase of cigarsmoking among oficersof the army
	layer_10: one of the most of dhdistinguished was the gri dokov wallington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the most of tdistinguished was the gritdokov wallington who eaebomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the latis sather kinsinfwor th a bom en thiv vall do worlf to baccl and thet this trestet the man hors mogk
	layer_4: the ladis hather kinsint for th abalm in teiveall doworlf to baccle and tit thistrested the man whos moke
	layer_6: the lades hatheir kinsant for the balmen ef all doworlh tobaccoe and that this trasted the man wos moke
	layer_8: the ladies had thei kinsant for the abament ofall dewerld tobacco and that distrusted the man whosmoke
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsint for the aboment evall deworl tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinsint for the abomentevall de worl tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: hre s fispothls ore thacoris commen onet wha this tis mocang vat e the shof be concetherdr crinme
	layer_4: hereis pis pouthels or thacris comemand on et hwa this this smoking bat  te shoul be conesidther ta crin
	layer_6: hereis pisedputos or thackris com and onit at is this smoking that i  should be concidher the crine
	layer_8: hereus fispuos orthackris commond on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime
	layer_10: here is fispoutos or thackoris common on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime
	layer_12: here is fisputos or thackor is common on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i belevein mhy heart o the wemen ha jalle s ovit a suf or wivle
	layer_4: i belevein ty heart thathe wemn a gallast of it asuff o wivle
	layer_6: i believe in my heart hat the women a jeallust of it as uff owivl
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that the women ar jealoust of it as sopfarival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as selfor rival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as solfor ival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive the lay a gin thathe man lady hwas jest beeincind i no to wre the aballd lins la ston the bolph hafter this confesion of my thathime ous moker and he sase ol the valgor reh and he pasis ouns of semthing euse
	layer_4: ive the lay aginie thathe manu lady ho has jest been kind inof to reat they abald lins laestond the bop after this confesion ouf mi thatim m us moker and the sae o the vogo reh and e passis ouns of semthing else
	layer_6: ive the lay aginie that the manun lady who has just beeing kind enough to wreat the abole lines lay stond the book after this confession ogh min that i must moker and the sae oh the vogo rech and t passes ounds of something else
	layer_8: i delay a guina that a mani lady who has just been kind enough to read the aboved lines lay ton the book after this confession of mine thati must moker and sas oh the vagewrech and he passhes sounds of something else
	layer_10: i dtelay a guinea that a mannlady who has just been kind enough to read the abobe lines layton the book after this confession of mine that i mus smoker andthe sae oh the vaga wrech andh pass a sounds of something else
	layer_12: i telay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines layton the book after this confession of mine that i mus smoker andth sace oh the vaga wretch andth pass e sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jurmanhe hasbeen cpovingfor th reas qlorers fores mallks to aman
	layer_4: jur many has been coving for thresquur years fores moks to a man
	layer_6: ger many has been poffing for three squr years fres mokes to a men
	layer_8: germany has been coughing for three squore years fresmokes to a man
	layer_10: germanny has been pofghing for three sqore years fresmokes to a man
	layer_12: germanny has been pughing for three squore years fres smoks to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: sha lo cate his probgeus
	layer_4: sha lo kad his progros
	layer_6: sha lk hat his progress
	layer_8: sha look at his progress
	layer_10: sha look at his progress
	layer_12: shaw look at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the o dwre oft o bacclwas no grothinto o thertoing l
	layer_4: thus the aldr of to bacl was not brotinto their doiing lo
	layer_6: thust the aldr of tobacka was not brod into their joying room
	layer_8: thus the aldr of tobacco was not brought into their janing room
	layer_10: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their drawning room
	layer_12: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their drawning room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: tes turen alaics and the bo i meins wfo mat a ther coders wereabol fore telold the tidt pas el fasion and s mollgonm was alics offesure uf ther gatherns
	layer_4: thesdurnalace and the bokhi means fo mat a ther coders were aboud or delowd the dig paseal fassion ind smokan was alwaceof feature of the r gatherens
	layer_6: thisturnalace and the booig means who mat ad their coders were about ori below the dig pasol fashion and  smokin was salwaysto feature of the r gatherons
	layer_8: thesjournalace and the buymeans who mat at their coajers were about or below the dig pasol fashion an smokin was always ta feature of ther gatherins
	layer_10: the journa lace and the bugymns who met at their coagers were about or below the dig paseal fashion and smoking was always te feature of ther gatherings
	layer_12: the sjourna lace and the bogymens who met at their coagers were about or below the dig paseal fashion and smoking was always the feature of ther gatherings

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: bot que vetoeria and the pris cousord te thastethi soo tl baca was t o bowerever the portos
	layer_4: both queen victoriya and the princ comseor the taste e so tl backa was to boirever the pcortcse
	layer_6: both quenvictori and the prince consor tetaste it so tobacko was to bowerever the courtas
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince concort detasted it so tobacco was to bu werever the courcth woas
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consor detaseded it so tobacco was to bul wherever the court was
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consor detaseted it so tobacco was to bul wherever the court was

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: a thade beritime a te in the mordi of the sikean of s ofbtember an the polian was taning amolnl his trus on the poclonin he lokingy o the penther aomos greaoue befor him
	layer_4: at that verytime a te in the morning of the sacanogh s ofbtember and the polien was naning among his throps un the peclonin hel lokiny a the pener a almos bread out befor him
	layer_6: at that very time ette in the morning of te segonouffsufb tember and a poion was nanding among his troops on te packloning hel lokingig ot ther penerramas bradout before him
	layer_8: at that very time attein the morning off the second offis ef tember d napolon was standing among his troops onder palonin heel lokingig at the panarramas bradt out before him
	layer_10: at that very time atteln in the morning afthe second of september  napoleon was standing among his troops under paloni heel looking at the panaromasspret out before him
	layer_12: at that very time attel in the morning offthe second of september  napoleon was standing among his troops under paclonin heel looking at the panaromas spreut out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in is seupf the mornyun was magical
	layer_4: the brodin esself the mornn was magical
	layer_6: the brogden eself the mornun was magical
	layer_8: the briden essolf the mournin was magical
	layer_10: the bridennessof the mourning was magical
	layer_12: the bridenessof the mourning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamisese allwas ready to the sen u pam he vemquist
	layer_4: bu the my clamacese alwhas ready to the sand upom a vmquisht
	layer_6: but ef my clamecis always ready to tissend uponm e amquishetd
	layer_8: but of my cleameces always ready to descend upon the vamquisht
	layer_10: but of myclemeseis always ready to descend upon the vanquist
	layer_12: but of myclemeseis always ready to descend upon the vanquist

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yedth hars is ly ot my feet with hr go than domis on an crouses sin gllaiding in e twincllyin the sun son
	layer_4: yet her sh is liy out my feet with her godhan doms an a crousis sincllating in a twincllay in the su si
	layer_6: yet here she is liing ot my feet with her goden domes and a crowses sincle lating in a twincllyn the sudshine
	layer_8: yet here she is liing on my feet with her goden domes and crawsses singl lating and a twinklei n the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and a crases singlelating ind ta twinklingand the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and a crouses singleating in ta twinklingan the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: bun y shel spr her
	layer_4: but i shellspar her
	layer_6: but i shall spare her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the hied outhe curamili yes thears the cremli s owill give then jus the lous iateshd them the meaning of shs of al isation i wil make tenharason sopbl wearse wee member ther congcr with hl
	layer_4: from the higd ouf te cuamily yes the earis the cramilling yes i will geve them juss the lous iwiatech them the meaning of shulse of a isation i will make ganaracion s of boe arse remember their concar with lob
	layer_6: from the hidt ou the qramily yes the eories the cramilin yes i will give them just alows i will teeach them the meaning of shusof alization i will make generationsolf boars remember their conquoror with lod
	layer_8: from the hide ot te cramilin yes the euaris the cramelin yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of sru civialization i will make generations of boviars remember their conqueror with lat
	layer_10: from the hid of the qramelin yes therist the cramelin yes i will give them just allous i will teach them the meaning of truecivilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_12: from the hind of the qramelin yes theerist the cramelin yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of tue civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with lat

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ior tel t at thadltation thati di nout and to nou desy wor the thie wighedte wre only argins the fouse pollas y of their qoart thethi lo an the rsbackolaisender and ta  mosico i locsab turmsell pes worth fhe ilf my sowfin of myceutpl
	layer_4: i rtel that that wtation that i de nout and to nou des i wr thatei thiched he war only againce the touse polas ye of the r qart thathi lav an the respackalasander and thalt  masical il loocsabtrmsal pecse wit the lf mysoluh and of my peple
	layer_6: iu l tell that thabotation that i dinout and to nout desi war that if wache the war only against the toust policy of the requourt that   love and te respacka lixander and that e monsical i look saptermsol pice wirth the of my seufh and of my people
	layer_8: i will tell that thabiutation that i di not and to nout desi war that ie weched the war only against the fouse policy of the reqcort that  love and t respace aleander and thar imasico i look saptermso pece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_10: i will tell the thatpotation that i did not and do not desire war that ive weched ta war only against the false policy of the report that  i love and  respect alexander and that imasico i look sabpterms on piece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell the thatpotation that i did not and do not desire war that ive weched ta war only against the false policy of the report that i love and e respect alexander and that imasico i look sabterms of pece worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at to noth rehd to uwtyilise the fort nself wor to hoar mallate in ownered omonerk
	layer_4: at o not reshd to oultialized the fortonself wor to oumial aht in ownouretamonorc
	layer_6: at do not reacsh to yudalize the fortunself ware to humulahteyin ownor the monoc
	layer_8: it do not rish to yudielize the fortunes of war to chumulate in honor de monarch
	layer_10: it do not wish to udilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honour to monarch
	layer_12: at do not wish to eutilize the fortunes of war to humilate in honor ta monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he woul half to be te oll the sain se some deand men out this wit but gend med
	layer_4: he woal halve to be tot all the saim so some dent man out this wit but gen med
	layer_6: he woul have to be tode a'l the sam so some gentemen ou this wit but gentemed
	layer_8: he would have to be tot all the same so some gentlemen ot thes whit but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be tot all the same say some gentlemen of thes wit but gentlemen
	layer_12: he would have to be tot all the same say some gentlemen of thes wit but gentleman

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: a singuredpordout tha sinkg noling gon  folo and the tos whowre au rathis bread out onthefren siesuf mosco nmor bainto the sate to vor colo got and thour go ol ov gats
	layer_4: a singere repoord out he sinknoling gon e follown and the troes whowere aradis brad out oun ty frn asieself msco nobeeinto the sat ive thovurd cologoot and thoure gomal ove gates
	layer_6: a single repored out the sink noling gono followd and the trofs who were i'l radest brad out on thefernt asie self moscop mobing to the sath troug averd calogo and tour gaeleve gaes
	layer_8: a single reportot the sinknolingonl fooloe and the trohs who were allraddes bread out on defprenacize solf moscop moobingto the saty thogh avird coluga and dgaelev gates
	layer_10: a singl report of the sinknolingan follo and the troths who were al radis spread out on depherinicize south mosco moving to the caty thoa verd cologa and dgamelev gates
	layer_12: a singale report of the sinknolingana follo and the troths who were alraddis spread out on dipherinticize sout mosco moving to the cathi thoga verd coluga and dagamelev gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: hi s magere do mo cimein e sikon time do sayte aft the fenc mel hwhe the brou the lather fomn the coundthise was abr anshistoo se him hefonly fore minit and tas some en from bus it thve swedo h ther cow to as pear t o take tharge o her huspenspok ashe her selffas slaving for the counsure
	layer_4: he s magure dol mo kamiun nasecond time to sayde a the fanch melwhowhe the brow the latter fom the cound his was abere andsiusto se him efonly fore minut and thas some en from bes it teveswedto had the co to as piar twol take charge ofp her huspancsbook as e herself aslaving for the countre
	layer_6: hismadjor domol came ying a second time to say that the frenchman ho had te brow the latter fom the countis was a very ancius to see him e fonly fore minute and thats sume en from basatdives wedo had a cow to ask piar twould take charge of her huspandsbook askd she herself wa slaving for the countrd
	layer_8: his major domo came in a second time to say that the french man who had a browe the letter fon the countess was very anxious to see him if only for minutes and that some wone from bazadyvswidow had a cow to ask pire tould take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was slaving for the countrd
	layer_10: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brougd the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that some one from bazediv's wido had a cow to ask pierei tould take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the countr
	layer_12: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had broughd the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazidiv's wido had tha cow to ask pierre told take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was slaving for the country

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: there was no wiin the passet
	layer_4: there was no wyin the passite
	layer_6: there was no wy in the passet
	layer_8: there was no wy in the passage
	layer_10: there was no ne in the passage
	layer_12: there was no ne in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the hol poser wascaneyg adthe frung t
	layer_4: the ho poaurser was stanig ithe frun tr
	layer_6: the howl paser was standing a the frondoor
	layer_8: the holl poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hol poser was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the holl poser was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: fome the lan they were persto ther wasa scen the sar case linento the dacangioes
	layer_4: from the lan the we re per stoo thear wasa secon the sarcase lingt wih the dback antios
	layer_6: from the landinwere peur stood ter wasa second he sair case ligit with ha back enchese
	layer_8: from the landeng where perstoo there was a second  saircase linged with a back enches
	layer_10: from the landing where perstod there was a second saircase linget with he back enches
	layer_12: from the landing where peer stood there was a second staircase linget with the back enchens

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he wun doun bou stear cason th otin to the yard no wo has se him
	layer_4: he wulnt dong tous starcatton iud into the yard no we ha see him
	layer_6: he woun't downg tha star casionillt into the yard no on had see him
	layer_8: he wun't down tha staircase an olt into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he wen't down that staircase an ilt into the yard no one has see him
	layer_12: he woen't down that staircase an i'lt into the yard no one has seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe heaf fy aod tha the heu wa sipea lo k thadth hi beheaved e likga alsteris wher ch hiredis had in the bosi teir nout o beseen he houn his had af  quikonig his pace ene dou thisturet
	layer_4: whe ha faae thathe he was sapeing lo kaltad hi behaved a likea alseteris which highd is had in te bosiin deir nowtof be seen he hon his had ama quikenig his pace when don the street
	layer_6: when he feled that he was supeing luokdat he behaved a likeae alsterish which hidt is had in a putnder nowt to be seen he houn his had an cquickening his face went down the street
	layer_8: when he felt that he was being luokedat he behaved i like a alsteris which hieis had in ta buchiauder now to be seen he hung his had and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he felt that he was being looked at he behaved it like a alsterige which hidis had in tha bushioder now to be seen he hung his hat and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he felt that he was being looked at he behaved i like a alsterige which hidhis had in tha bushinoder now to be seen he hung his had and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he hare the firste capimma in toll the jlivere to go to the pacry acx ponse where the wed the basos deve soulsos
	layer_4: he har the first o cap himat in teot the jlivore togo to the patry axt ponce wer the wid t bas teeved sose os
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap himet and tollt the jivere to go to the patryacponte were the widow basasdeve souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap hi met and tod the jriver to go to the patryaxpounse where the widow badev's ouse was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patry axpons where the widowbazdeve's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patryaxpons where the widow bazdive's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bis was they o thentigscouse ac with faehi t eves nostan sqlanations
	layer_4: this was the otentixscose ac with bathtevesnilsan sclanations
	layer_6: this was the avhentix scollsh ax with bathtieve snos an sclanations
	layer_8: this was the alphentic scallsh ax with pathdevf snos and xclanations
	layer_10: this was the althantic scholsh ax with bathdev snos and exclinations
	layer_12: this was the althentic scolish ax with bathdeve snols and exclinations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he i sat die thoea dhusted witing table and the havia lave the meneou s gribe for him opon the mol cosetem efinao y puse the maway an e resting his hadhow his han the senkin to mande casion
	layer_4: he is sait die thegh thstid witing table and the having lave the manust gribyfore him open the mo clalstom hefinal pose them a way and a resting his had ou his han the sanking to madicasion
	layer_6: he is satt ive the dus tdi writing table and the having lave the manous gribefore him opend the mal clostom hfinallipused them away and arresting his had o his hend t senkin to mandicasion
	layer_8: he is saat teivd the dusdid writing table and  having laid the manusgrib before him opened the mou closthom finallepused them away and arresting his head on his hand senk ingto mandication
	layer_10: he is sat d a the dste writing table and having laid the manosgrib before him opened the mouth clotstham hofinally poused them away and resting his heat on his hand senk into mandication
	layer_12: he is sat d af the dusted writing table and having laid the manosgrib before him opened the mouth clotestam hfinally pused them away and resting his heat on his hand senk into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: meccer a lextovose came e twice tho the ivenle shoflig aloghsclushieus of s farse the do and stops an he lokedin greca tily o the psir
	layer_4: makher a laxtovace came utwiced that ther veni shoufftling along hs sclshous ofts faras the dool and stups and the lokedin gricha tolly t the pier
	layer_6: macker a laxtovige came  twice thathe evenig shuffling alonging his sclasies its farast the doo and stops and ta loked an gricatily at the piear
	layer_8: maker alexovige came twice tathe evening shuffling alongin his klashes as farast the door and stoped and loked angreciately at the pire
	layer_10: maker alextrovitch came twice thather evening shuffling alongin his sklashes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingreciatily at the piere
	layer_12: maker alextrovitch came twice thathe evening shuffling along in his sklashes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingreciatidly at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alhisersal boudto taclan bo the prieneu a parnt relactento belapt a lowri his fren has c o te the stay an hapft
	layer_4: the altisers wil bou ta taella frf theprenceouw apparentl relactentl belaft a law withhis fren as l them the stay an halft he
	layer_6: the ulpisers wire bowd o takela fur the princendue a parentl relactentile be lafed along with his friend ask them to stay and halft he
	layer_8: the olvfisers were bowd to take leav for the princande apparently relacedtentol be lefft along with his friend aske them to stay and half ta
	layer_10: the officers were bowed to take leave fot the prince andrew apparently relacten to be left along with his friend aske them to stay an half ta
	layer_12: the officers were bowed to take leave bot the prince andrew apparently relact ent to be left along with his friend asked them to stay an half ta

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: shesal growtein and he so wast tert
	layer_4: sese wil growtheing and h sou wost thirto
	layer_6: ceas will growthne and the soul wosttite
	layer_8: ces weirl growthn and the sol worst fhirti
	layer_10: cas will growtin and the soul worst ferti
	layer_12: cas well growthin and the soul wors ferti

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the al tiserscase is  u priese of the pursoach tol beger an thelisinto hstouge o pamousocot and the posiion oub orarnmy wlone wayche had he breton
	layer_4: the altiserscase wits sopprised at a purswhoge stoutd higer and e lisento his tolk u pmousicot and e position u ourarnmy lung wach he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alpicerscae with surprised in a purs whuge stoled figr and e listen to his talk op amousicot and tha position al vober army lunk which he had obradhen
	layer_8: the alficers gaze with surprised and a pur huge stou figure and  listened to his talk of a mousico and ta position al vauber army no which he had a breton
	layer_10: the olficers gazed with surprised atd a pur huge stout figure and listen to his talk of a mousico and the position of bauber army ong which he had a breden
	layer_12: the olficers cazed with surprised at a pur huge stout figure and listen to his talk of a mousico and the position of bauber army log which he had a bredon

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you ener stand the ho poseyce an noup oer tops
	layer_4: so you entherstand the whome possece an noup ouwer tropes
	layer_6: so you endersand the whome posis onouh ouver troops
	layer_8: si you understand the home positi onough our troops
	layer_10: still you understand the hole position of ouer troops
	layer_12: still you understand the whole position of ouver troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nol being o mila tery man hecani saap end er stothei the foy bu th enter sten the gener postion
	layer_4: noult being a millet ren man eccanisa  af ander stu they the foy buthe entherstem the gentherord posusion
	layer_6: nowt being amillatore man the cannasaalf enderstoo they the folliy but they enterstemd the general posision
	layer_8: now being a millitary man the canosaaf enderstoow they d fully but they enderstand the general pecision
	layer_10: not being a military man the cannaseiaf understoo theyde fully but they understand the general pesision
	layer_12: not being a military man the cannaseiaf understood theyd fully but they understand the general pesision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: wll then youkno oe than enryn th ouse be had whoth maysad pris enyour
	layer_4: welld then you know mr tha anyin  ouse be ad hoith may sad pres enur
	layer_6: well then you know more that anyone else pe it hoith may sad pris enddr
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else pet hot may said pric ander
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else pd hotmay said prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else pt hotmay said prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: ta tell m yr o cenof baclayd the to
	layer_4: a tell me youre ou penioa baculat the tole
	layer_6: a tell me youre openiaof baclate thei tolli
	layer_8: and tell me your aopenia  baclate thetol
	layer_10: and tell me your opiniaf baclate de toi
	layer_12: and tell me your opina of baclate detoli

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: prto k that t molkim with the comn he senely instor rok tivf slil woith wiseemeeboty abollan serily rjise that alpysr
	layer_4: purlok the tmolukhim with the cone he sendily into raktve s mile with waicihamerbody bollenteurily aejuaced that alpiscer
	layer_6: pure look thatmalkhime with the conicendinly into rarktive smile with wis amrbody volunterily orjoise that alpicer
	layer_8: pure look that malkhim with the condescendily into rarcative smile with whish ameerbody volunterily orjoaced that olficer
	layer_10: pure look that malk him with the condescendinly into ragative smile with which everybody involuntarily ojoes that officer
	layer_12: pure look that malk him with the condescendingtly into ragative smile with which everybody involuntarily orjoss that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: wihs eli ther ga siseisur ranot has mein the poinstit youwr asolnc es sat tin molkc intimigl nd the cometoney turnin to glans adt iscurnal
	layer_4: wih he lithegain sise i aranit y has men the pointit you r axcolency sati malkcantimigolly and the comti kneualyaturningto glanse at is curnal
	layer_6: which she alight again sinsed his surranity has men ta pointid you ere axcelencie sati malkintimigaly and te continuallyturningto glance at is ccolonael
	layer_8: which healight again since his seranity hast een appointed your excellencie sat i macintimically and continually tturning to glance at his colonel
	layer_10: which she liht again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency seto makintimically and continually turning to glance at his kelonel
	layer_12: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency satto markintimically and continually turning to glance at his kolonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask  e pr
	layer_4: why so aske f ta per
	layer_6: why so ask thea per
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the per
	layer_12: why so ask the per

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the iv wast hits porbeden
	layer_4: the wie was it fobeden
	layer_6: thog wie was it porbeden
	layer_8: thegwive was it forbiden
	layer_10: thewie was it forbeten
	layer_12: theliv was it forbeten

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: as mol thanscto hicjas the croractoly tehat haf e frense my te out qlncus as le hand alars fources
	layer_4: a smar thanske to hejese the crractlly that he a french mighto oautlncs as the had alargs fources
	layer_6: a smalancsk too he huced the crractoly thatha the frence mintdt aut flancas as they had alarge forces
	layer_8: at smalansk too he chuged e corractly that hof efrench miht aultflankas as they had a large forces
	layer_10: at smaolansk too he judged corractly that a the french might altflankas as they had large forces
	layer_12: at smolansk too he judged corractly that  the french might altflankas as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: he ol therds to rechet han the al owere affers in thelolses wont fore nofing
	layer_4: the oldtheredus to rechret han the ou iur affors in a lolses woln th for nouthing
	layer_6: he older d us to retrat and th al our affers in tha lowses wild foure nothing
	layer_8: he oderdus to retreat and al our affers and allousest wooldfor nothing
	layer_10: he oder does to retreat and all our affirs and allowsest wouldn for nothing
	layer_12: he odor does to retreat and all our affirs and allowsist wouldn for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soy the aspeen with farclin
	layer_4: solgy t aspen with farcle
	layer_6: sili to aspin with farcly
	layer_8: soly to askpin with farcy
	layer_10: soly t as in with farkly
	layer_12: solly to as in with farkly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well rust on was wel te foring ar could sero her and e beous lan in aminhe str buthe so nasiis in dangur shoudnease one oufer on cin
	layer_4: well rus hon was well beforin heir could sirbe her and he beousplan in a minestert fut thou soon ashes in dengere shoul nese one ouffher onkin
	layer_6: well roustthon was well beforeing her could served her and e peo spland in a minister but tha soon as she s i danger shoedneas one ouff her own king
	layer_8: well rossan was well beforein her could surbe her and to be of splan in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she neese one of her own king
	layer_10: well rason was well before inner could serve her andt be of splanin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she nees one of her own king
	layer_12: well rasstin was well before inner could serve her and be o splanin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she nees one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and v say hisas sto hfol coman ter e jin the pr
	layer_4: and tay say his a scoful comander hwujoing the pur
	layer_6: and they say his a skilful commender he wouejoin the peur
	layer_8: and they say hes a skilful commandor he would join the pur
	layer_10: and they say hes a skilful commander he would join the per
	layer_12: and they say heis a skilful commander he would join the pewr

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don and ther stan atwhatheis mence by asfupl commaender he pli dhe prins ensou i rongheclan
	layer_4: i don't and ther stand whathis mence by a scuwpful commander replid the princ ndsu i rongicli
	layer_6: i don't and dher stand what is meant by a sceful commander replied the prince aendjud irongiclly
	layer_8: i don't understand what is mant by a scuful commander replied th prince ande irongically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skuiful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skuiful commander replied  prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: us geuwi foll com mander redpli thep yer
	layer_4: u scuiful commander repli th pur
	layer_6: a scuiful commender replid the pr
	layer_8: a scoful commander replid the pr
	layer_10: a scoful commander replied the per
	layer_12: a scuful commander replied the per

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: pseure lo co the him s of prie
	layer_4: pure lo ea ther hami s u prise
	layer_6: purt loke a ther hamin s of price
	layer_8: pure lok a the hammsufr prise
	layer_10: pure lok ar the hammes su price
	layer_12: pure lok ar the hammees sof price

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: an the yes thy sayeho the oarse likeo gaye oft chas eremard
	layer_4: and the yes the saehot the arse like a game olf chess e emard
	layer_6: and the yets they sat hat the ose like a game of chess he remarke
	layer_8: and  yets they save that the oris like a game of ches here remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the waris like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the waris like a game of chess he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralotrvestrens of botheisuf tok con never benonsor anr on
	layer_4: the roallotevestrent of bothes f tup connever benowne or anur one
	layer_6: the rolotife strenth of bothis of tubpe cannever beknown tor ane one
	layer_8: the relative strength of bodis of tob can never be known tor any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known to any one
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of tube can never be known to any one

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: seuess mever tepense a nevvera will te hain om position wor e quevemen wort evano nenbers and alestof al on position butd ou wat than
	layer_4: suxcesst memver depens ad navera will depen on possition were e queievement war even o nembers and a lease t uff all on possition but oun what than
	layer_6: success mever depense ad never willdepen on position were equevement were even a nemburs and a least of all on position but im what dan
	layer_8: success never depends and never will depend on position were equievement were even o nemberst and the least off all on position but on what dan
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position where equivpment were even o members and the least of all on position but on what tan
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position were equivement were even o nemberst and the least of all on position but on what than

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: oun the firlling thatheisin me and e him hepointadt totimoucing and he  isoser
	layer_4: oun the filling that ice in me and e him hepointed  took to mouking and h is soser
	layer_6: oun de filing that is i me and ea him he point edt tuoh hi malking and he is soser
	layer_8: ondo feling that is i me and e him he pointed toutumaking and e is sozer
	layer_10: onde feeling that is in me and e him he pointed totimalking and he is soser
	layer_12: onde feeling that is in me and e him he pointed totimaking and he is soser

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: batois om by thoswoe forly resouto winans
	layer_4: b batos ome by those woe firmbly resouf o winent
	layer_6: bet bato is wone by those whoe firmly resolved  winent
	layer_8: te bae is wan by those who firmly resolved wenet
	layer_10: the battele is sworn by those who firmly resolved winet
	layer_12: the battle is sworn by those who firmly resolved wennit

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: wy the wilts the bathe and he ou sbothes
	layer_4: why the willose the boutew and her ouswlnenc
	layer_6: why they widows the batee and the ouseblnans
	layer_8: why the wildows the bate and the ausbllnans
	layer_10: why the wildows the baer and ther ausbllnes
	layer_12: why the wildows the bate and ther alsbulnens

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: weflous to sl li tes wong an the re on
	layer_4: wetf lous o sio lightus one andthe weon
	layer_6: wef loused sil light us one and the we one
	layer_8: wevf loused sill lagt us on and  we wen
	layer_10: we'v loust still light us won and we wen
	layer_12: we've loust still light us won and we wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: but tomarl wre shin saons
	layer_4: but tomorl were shian sayenct
	layer_6: but to moral were shensayant
	layer_8: but to morral wer schensaens
	layer_10: but to morrow we'r chinsaens
	layer_12: but to morrow we're chensaents

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: butho whatho way hes to mal
	layer_4: but hu wtha wayt hase to morl
	layer_6: but  what a wait as to marol
	layer_8: but  what a wat as to morrow
	layer_10: but a wat a wat has to morrow
	layer_12: but a what a wait has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the factase beatetos man thet with hol you hav fritenwer rion the pocision naltholy tdo nal hel mathers bu the hin ter
	layer_4: the facktace that a those man tut with whome you have friden were round the poscision now  only do nowlhelp mathters but hey hinder
	layer_6: the factase that a those man ft with home you have frden werround he posision not only to nol help matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that an those men ft with home you have freetden re round ta posision not only to naw help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that a those men f with whome you have freiden werround the position not only to naw help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that a those men fo with whom you have friten werwround the position not only to naw help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: tas thatuf the relshruf said to mollkon
	layer_4: bhasd the trof the realtrof said to malkin
	layer_6: bas the truof the real trof sato mulkin
	layer_8: vast the truf the real truf sait to mulkin
	layer_10: vas the truth the real trufh said to mulkin
	layer_12: vas the truf the real truf said to mulkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is now theo dadfore tho bs say
	layer_4: is now thet daye for thiut they say
	layer_6: is now tho day for that they say
	layer_8: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_10: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: i's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol wore sellends the oicersrls
	layer_4: o were sellent the oficer sros
	layer_6: o were selend the opicer sros
	layer_8: ow were selland the olficers  rose
	layer_10: ow wer sellant the officers rose
	layer_12: ow wer sellant the officers rose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: theesase anseoe the prinsendser asoml
	layer_4: thesas andser the prince engeoer asimfly
	layer_6: tyes yes anser the prince endr absemphlly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince andr absenphly
	layer_10: yes yes answere the prince andrw absemphly
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince andre absemphly

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: ther frensh us ti stoie my ho andhr aln le wy t of tde stoymosicl they hap oull thrist and our oll trisonm everymomments theareamotk anumins
	layer_4: thei franchus tis stoie my home andar only wor d o thistoy masicaol they havef au treasd and our alutrison me every moment thearamak animins
	layer_6: the fransh as detroyed my home and our only woidl to stroy marsicale they havfe autristd and our autrisong me every moment thermar anomins
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and aur only wodl destroy marsicl they have outresed and our outriso me every moment the rma animis
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and are only wodal destroy marsicol they have outrached and our outrisue me every moment the rmar animals
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and are only wodal destroy marsico they have outrached and our outrisume me every moment the ermar animaes

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: imy ll pinithear oul ciminels
	layer_4: imy apini tere ou qriminals
	layer_6: i my opina ter ou quiminals
	layer_8: in my opinia deare ou criminals
	layer_10: in my opinia tere o criminals
	layer_12: in my opinia theare ou criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so ting tomolg ad the hollarmin
	layer_4: and sol thinks to molky and the whole arming
	layer_6: and so thinks to malcuite and the whole armin
	layer_8: and sol thinks to malui and the whole arming
	layer_10: and so thinks to malki and the whole arming
	layer_12: and sol thinks to malki and the whole arming

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sse the ure my fols they can nel be my frence wiet evebermay hae be sade a tusent
	layer_4: sis the are my fouse they cannolt bee my frence whillevver may hae be sad et a tulsit
	layer_6: sis they ar my fose they canknelvt ben my friense willevver may hawve be sad at a tusit
	layer_8: sis the are my fos they cannelt be my friends whil ever may have be sad at a tuscet
	layer_10: sinc they are my foes they can nelt be my friends whatever may have been sat at a tuset
	layer_12: since they are my foes they can nelt be my friends whatever may have been sat at a tuset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: astis bothere de pere loku with shining eise o t a cris enyou
	layer_4: yessts bthere the per lokin with shining eys t tha prens anyou
	layer_6: yas as bathere de per lokin with shining eyes at tha princ and yu
	layer_8: yes es matherde pr locimg with shining eyes at the prince andu
	layer_10: yes yes mater de per locimed with shining eyes at te prince andrew
	layer_12: yes yes mate de prer locin with shining eyecs at the prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the tow toas o er rs  o r of ivery ou fakes of tus a mersy to the amfourtana te inhesoe ong ti ol wbens
	layer_4: the tolk o oustouf a rosedtoff r of iver re o'f flaks of tus ofmursy to the andfortana thein iso ong i ol rabbinse
	layer_6: the talked to ast aff arused off wr of civere ol flac of toust off mercy to the enfortina and sto long it ou rabbigh
	layer_8: the talk toastof erussoff ar of chiverye of flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunad and so long it' rou rabbis
	layer_10: the tak toastof erustof war of chivalry of flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunaean so long it's ou rabbish
	layer_12: the talk toastof erustof war of chivalry of flax of truth of mercy to the unfortunatean so long it's ou rabbish

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plen their ofther pevos houlses uso fouse caveron and a arstolf old the cell my susdrin an the my father and dan towg o rose el for and magnmati to fovs
	layer_4: the plandher o ther pepolse holces eusu fals plaver muny and a orst ulf oud they kill my csusren an the my father and dan towk off rose elffr and magnamatyes to fose
	layer_6: the plander o ther pepl's houses as l felst plaver mony and a worst ulff ou they kill my children and te my father and thain talk off ruself fr and magnimeteas to fose
	layer_8: the plander of their peoples houses ustufels plaver money and worsd affow they kill my children and my father and then talk of rulsefr and magnimites to fos
	layer_10: the plander of the people's houses eusufa's plaver money and worst avow they kill my children and my father and then talk of rulseor and magnimities to fos
	layer_12: the plander of ther peoples houses eisufa's plaver money and worst avow they kill my children and my father and then talk of rulsefor and magnimites to foks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tate nol prisonthers by the cel and beco
	layer_4: take no prinsonters buy the kel and beko
	layer_6: take no princoners by the kul and bekue
	layer_8: take no princeners but the kil and biku
	layer_10: take no princeners but the keil and beki
	layer_12: take no princeners but the kil and bku

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: trs enje who hav falter he was al the same to him whether we nouthmousicgo wastagen aus motans chadebeen wa so theyd chacthg hi spes bya anspacted he crambus throlt
	layer_4: prece endre who have falted o was al the same to him whether wee nowt mounsicaewas tagan as mollancs chadten wal sotheyt chactin hirs spich by a an spacte  crambis thrurot
	layer_6: price endre who have fol it  was ou the saime to him whether wre not mounsaca was taken a s maulance chad bein wil seuderlychacting hi spech by a an spacted  crambis throed
	layer_8: prince andrew who have felld it was aut the same to him whether ws nowt mounsaco was taken as maulins had been was sudenly chackting his speech by a anpacted cramys throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who hav felt it was all the same to him whether t or not mousico was taken as malans had been was suddenly checkting his speech by an enpacted crambs throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have felt it was all the same to him whether it or not mousico was taken as malans had been was suddenly checkting his speech by an epacted crambihis throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: hu pasetoben don of f you it time s in sins bu the hs ice gletor o fivrsl and the hislives queberd asta begdanspickon
	layer_4: he pased op and don of fewuth hime s in silens but te hes eyced gleiter fivisialy and the his lives queeburd as tad begain speking
	layer_6: he paced up and dong a fewthime sin silence but hist eyecs gleater fiveolishly and t hislefes queeburd ase tit began stpeaking
	layer_8: he paced up and dung a few times sine silence but his eyes gleatere fevorishly and hisleafes queebered askdit began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and dung a few times sin silence but his eyes gleater fevorishly and his leeps quevered as i began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and dung a few times in silence but his eyes gleater fevorishly and his leapes quevered as i began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the one there was e or  like vhis on itbeyo mor
	layer_4: and the one there was ta rea like this one it peo wor
	layer_6: and the on there was ta ur like this one itoube a ware
	layer_8: and the one there was a rur like this one it would be a war
	layer_10: and the one there was ta rure like this one it would be a war
	layer_12: and the one there was a rur like this one it would be a war

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: ha this nmeted the for suxcicei r fare
	layer_4: whl this neted the fore succise in wr far
	layer_6: while this neeted the for succising wrfair
	layer_8: wil this needed e for succising waraffaire
	layer_10: wile this needed e four succising warfare
	layer_12: while this needed he four succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: on the u spyte ofoll this it is the hious the class rispacted the baht evy on
	layer_4: an i spyt olfoll this it is the higes the closs respacte the by every ane
	layer_6: anispite al f allo this it is the highes the cluss respacted to by everyone
	layer_8: one i spiteofal this it is the highest te class respected  by everyone
	layer_10: on the ispitalfol this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_12: on the ispitalfol this it is the highest class respected by everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hal thous co thabo lo kea ten an te her ten
	layer_4: holthu scothubve loke a them and t her them
	layer_6: hada scot abov lokat them and  hear them
	layer_8: hadoskot abavloca them and hear them
	layer_10: hodoskatabav look at them and hear them
	layer_12: hodoskatabav look at them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seve that i havp begantho un their sten to munt
	layer_4: i seee that i have began to and their stan tomunth
	layer_6: i see that  i have began to ender stand tomuch
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the thusen doofuor mendtof past of the true of nolles o gotineuble a whoi this nou forelong he aded
	layer_4: and the dosandofor ment of cased of the tre of nawllage orff goo then t eble ah wel ithis nowth forlong he additd
	layer_6: and tha doezn'do for ment oe paste of the tree of knowledge of god an eble ah well it is nowth four along he addet
	layer_8: and i doezn't do for mentf case of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now for along he added
	layer_10: and it dozn't do for men to tase of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is nowfore long he added
	layer_12: and it dozent do for men to tase of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now fore long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho aver yorslolytpy a this time fuor medo stly
	layer_4: ho aver yoursalevpy and this time for me jof stllee
	layer_6: however your slleve e atd this time for me josleep
	layer_8: however your sleevee at this time for me to sleep
	layer_10: however your slleepe at this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleepe at this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: gol bac to gorku sadthe prhiseundr a suthely
	layer_4: go back to gorku said the precender a sutenly
	layer_6: go back to gork ou said the prininst endro suddenly
	layer_8: go back to gorcu said the prince andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gorkiu said t prince andrew suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorku said t prince andrew suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go god before bato one nust ef  wonsolly pltf re cped pris engel
	layer_4: go god before batal one nust efl onee soly poh repid princenje
	layer_6: go god before battle one tus effor one solipoudh repid princed enje
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must hate for one solipau repeid prince ande
	layer_10: go gold before battle one must have for wone sleiphou repeied prince andrew
	layer_12: go gold before battle one must have for one sleephout repeatted prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no hd thus mot wonte er com c thed
	layer_4: no he thus maut wandi sere come cothed
	layer_6: no he des molt wand hi pur come codit
	layer_8: no he dos mot want i purcomcodid
	layer_10: no he does not want it purikom cod it
	layer_12: no he does not want it pirikom cold it

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i nold tothe ses awer laste mting
	layer_4: and  i knot thaut the thisyse ar r las e meting
	layer_6: and i know thathef thisis a wr last to meting
	layer_8: andi know that tisis i were last a meeting
	layer_10: and i know that thisis i were last a meeting
	layer_12: and i know that thisis i were last a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: onepakcur slecce dti teother ese masnation
	layer_4: ome piketurstleccide a mather ased magenation
	layer_6: one picturslicceted imother anse magination
	layer_8: one picture secceeted amother answer imagination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded amother answrd imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded another answer imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i wonen o them the hi deals lon and ha shrfulid
	layer_4: i one o then  hi dels long and a srfullid
	layer_6: i wone olgth them hed drel along and assrefullit
	layer_8: i wone of them he drel along and asshrfully
	layer_10: ie wone of them he dwelts long and assorefully
	layer_12: i one of them he dwelts long and assorefully

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his cart is get jon cll go mad ra jellicy ofoll ineplectic fits ao rayve hi stericly
	layer_4: his caract is get oncill go mad atjelicy efull in epolept ic fits alrlrave his strictly
	layer_6: his characters get dronk oll go mad with jealosy were fallin epoleptic fits all rave his sterically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy were fallen epoleptic fits all rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy wor fall in epoleptic fits all rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy wer fall in epoleptic fits all rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if totarske had had lesplision he would hve been strinvr
	layer_4: if tosar ske had had lesst vision hewould hae been stringor
	layer_6: if tostarsk had had less vision he would hae been stringorb
	layer_8: if dasterski had had less vision he would have been stringob
	layer_10: if doterski had had less vision he would have been stringeg
	layer_12: if doterski had had less vision he would have been stringerg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lac theim  ison ofliste tortio
	layer_4: lack them heis an of listef tartere
	layer_6: lake them he is in ovelistof torture
	layer_8: like them he is a novolist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: sare himmtit the las hof crlty hlostof thi struction vidistruptan sake is the mis consptuuse of the dedly seins indostrs kis man in women
	layer_4: ser hinwith the last of crulty the lust tor istruction vitestrupction sake is the most conspecuous of the deadly sens inddostars gis manan woman
	layer_6: ser him with the last of cruelty tht loste destruction vidistructions sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostaskis men an women
	layer_8: certain with the last of cruelty thet last te destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dosta skis men and women
	layer_10: certainly the last of cruelty that last the destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostas kis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the last of cruelty that last the destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins an dosaes kids men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: he ma not the a cr aoser
	layer_4: he may not be a cruel aler
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel arso
	layer_8: yhe may not be a cruel autho
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel author

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they an ever in bellancs they erawasan dinm en yc  contlikts
	layer_4: but they anever in belence they e elways an diman ic quonflics
	layer_6: but they arnever in balance they are always in demon icalo qunflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they arealways in demonical qonflics
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflict
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniical conflict

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: iveen the lost is nevel hrdle ae the los t of e mor e lis san man
	layer_4: even the lost is never  hardlyovoe the lost of e more a les san man
	layer_6: even the last is never o hardliever the lost of a more ar less sain man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly eve the lost of a morear less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thustarske pould not havf thesqurive the san of nekuridlf in wreerection
	layer_4: thusay ske could not have the sqribe the sin of neclitole in rederection
	layer_6: dhus tarske could not have desqrive the sin of necladolve in reserection
	layer_8: dusesky could not have described the sin of nechladov in resurrection
	layer_10: dusteski could not have described the sene of nekhladoff in resurrection
	layer_12: dustesky could not have described the sene of nekhladoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: thisis a mad helse cre soe on intheatis
	layer_4: this is a mad heuse criseom mone intheitius
	layer_6: this is a madhouse criesd ome one indeidis
	layer_8: this is a madhouse crie some one in theitis
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries someone in theitis
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries someone in theities

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: bwhon resolted these is an mor ta plitity a t action
	layer_4: whon resoltof this is a morta plicity oftaction
	layer_6: on reslt of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_8: hen result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_10: hene result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_12: hone result of this is a mortiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven the t is ol vactionncs moar an a by des
	layer_4: iven e ta is olvactioncs mor than  vydes
	layer_6: even a talk is ol actions more than ovideas
	layer_8: even ta talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_10: even to talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_12: even to talk is of actions more than of ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sois villan dedes not with the harnd but with the suk
	layer_4: he sohis wilent deds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he sow hs wilent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw hs violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notesteuring this las to das that the oehr was weri the silvelre watcsh aony galad bha chane whuc e semns not to had see n on em befo
	layer_4: but one had notes turing this las to days that the othr was waring a silvr wath un a yellor bed chan which e seems not to have see on hum befor
	layer_6: but one had noticeduring this last two days that the other was waring a silvea watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during thise last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which hi seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he tookoniafh and when his frendted tend away he arpprsed himcorsiously from behind toogame tandis is heavenads crost insilf and praing fervently goge forgiveny fa cras sake
	layer_4: he took a nifh and when his friand te tend arway he apprsed him cusiously from behind tookame trned his ees heaven wds crost himself and praying fervently god forgivene farcrast sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend a ternd away he approced him catiously from behind took ame turned his eyas heavenwords crossed himself and praying fervently gods forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for chris' sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for chrit's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for chrit's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: he never panes every man he ays projexstostivsky o a not mer tdost haresky
	layer_4: e knever pains every man he aways projexts dos toarve sky or a not mar dost to have sky
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projectsd dos to have sky or a nigt mar of dost heavbesky
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects tus tohevsky or a nightmar of dostehevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects us teevsky or a nightmare of dostaevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects us teevsky or a nightmare of dostahevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi cimen puntiment thelong stow ar loweraingef fiction than enac rrenannow o fathars nsunds
	layer_4: that is wye crimin punishment bhelong to a lower range offiction than enicorenina ofathers and sons
	layer_6: that is wye crim an punishment belongs to a lower range offiction than enicarenino or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enecerenona or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than ennicrenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enne karenona or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we simg pit irs in dderith the fers thed brevodeor tha e spar that succeeed the crime
	layer_4: we simperthis indade with the feas the brevadow that espar that succeave the crime
	layer_6: we sympathis inded with the fears the bravado tha espare that succeeed the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravato the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_10: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathize indeed with the fears the brevado the despair that succeed the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a groetesk madalie by ser e maganithiveen tensity in pation
	layer_4: he is a gretesk madalite ty sheremaginitifen tencity in pasion
	layer_6: he is a grotesku made alive by sher imaginitive intensity in passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque mayde alive by shere imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: wondis not grardginaute sinave nombl carcttoroto
	layer_4: wond oes not griginarte s in ove norml carac teralto
	layer_6: one does not gruginatis ind afnorbal characteroto
	layer_8: one does not grudge anartis in abnormbale character ortwo
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artists in abnorbl character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artists in abnormbl character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he an vence vitiousgrytes ta s dicensd ed vence comit gritests
	layer_4: he enventevisious grytes asdickens idvence comite greitests
	layer_6: he invents ivicious greatest as dickons advente commic greatests
	layer_8: he invents vicious gratests as dickens advence comic greatists
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotests as dickens evence comic greatests
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotests as dickens evence comic gratests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning cats and berying them with gright seromany
	layer_4: was very fond of haning cats and bering them with greit serimany
	layer_6: was very fornd of haning cats and barying them with griat seremany
	layer_8: was very fond of haning cuts and burying them with great eremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as fer the carmis ovesthansoves he petrase the old far ther an the odrs t of hies son's haty ach othe andfiting luk brto maniaxs
	layer_4: as for the carimisovesan soves he petrase the old father and the oldes of his sons hating ech other and fighting loke bretl maniec
	layer_6: as for the caramas oves then selves he pertraised the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like bruto maniac
	layer_8: as for the caramesoves themselves he bertrased the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniax
	layer_10: as for the karamezoves themselves he betraysd the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutolmaniax
	layer_12: as for the karimezoves themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutolmaniax

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: serv him rit shoad ed d metod breslsy
	layer_4: serfe him right shoded te metud breslesy
	layer_6: serve him right shouded t metued breastlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demichu breaslessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmichru breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmicriu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r haven't kilding a commagarn an kil hin
	layer_4: if ar havent kilding o com again and kill him
	layer_6: if i havn't killd hing o come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't kiled himg i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him i'l come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: i sesi to se why dostardts geuhas be come he pokpi le orr
	layer_4: it is easy to see why dustards gy has become o popila auther
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dustardske has become a pocpular autho
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dustesky has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see whyr dustiski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see where dustiezski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no mela ga thitist eveepordout iniden teponthe stage fron such a haorne of plenty
	layer_4: no milega thitist everport out insiden toupon th stage from such a haon of plenty
	layer_6: no milegametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a harn of plenty
	layer_8: no meloge amotist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a hown of plenty
	layer_10: no melodrametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodametists ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: thostarscese alwayes ready to sho stha mollinant onps
	layer_4: dustarskese always ready to show sthe male inant onte
	layer_6: dostaiskes always ready to show the all lin at once
	layer_8: dosteski s always ready to show them ole tan at once
	layer_10: dosterski is always ready to show them more lan at once
	layer_12: dosteroski is always ready to show them more lhan at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two aposet paders of the utis on finds the follow incarct is brortin by name generl e ponchion prince es at alaydeor ive noveno lisivveter procofi adno ye hve gany p ove lo vith re don sk princesbieal aquonsky a glayre prince mishkan couellyur ivolgen ipllit vlr ferdis shen nistus fil apovene neinrt elat's en jovte gnyur ti son an general i vogen
	layer_4: on two oporsit pages of the idiat one finds the follow enclarctas broughtin by name general apangion prince es at a layedar eiver novene lisivetter procofiadno y have gany pove loveich redon sky princess bearlquansky a glay prince mishcan qoulliur ivolgan ipllid vayr ferdis shenkr nesstasi pilapoveno neenr eletsendjovno gonia tison and genea ieogen
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the follow encharacters brought in by name general eparion prince ess adaladar ivenovna liza vete prockophieadna ye have genny pevf lovich radonski princess belelquansky a glaa princemishkin qoliar ivolgan ippollit vaor faredis shanko nestarc apillapovne neenar eledsanjovn gonia tistin n general wih ogan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apathon prince es adalada ivanovna liziveta prokofhiedna vgenny pavlovitch redonski princess birelqonski eglaya prince mishkin calia evogan ipolit vaya ferdishenko nestasia philapovna nina elezanjovna gania titstan n general ivogan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epacan prince s adelaeda ivanovna lizevetta prokofievna yievgeni pevlovitch redonski princess pilelkonski egleya prince mishkin callia evolgan ippolit vaya fedishenko nestasia pilipovna nina alexandrovna ganya titen n general evolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apachon prince s edelada ivanovna lizevetta prokofievna yievgeni pevlovitch redonski princess bilelakuonski eglaya prince mishkin kallia evolgan ippolit vaya ferdishenko nestasia pilapovna nina alexandrovna ganya tison n general ivogan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa culd af dostarveskis a pel i somtming mo t in the motithued en thral of hi tsinsiden s incrctes
	layer_4: but the sa crld avf dos tarve skise appele is somtming more than the motitud ind threeal of his incid ancand cractes
	layer_6: but the secred of dosteafskizappeal is something more than the motitute an threel of his insidante and characters
	layer_8: but the secret of dostir skis appeal is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dosti ofski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dosteofski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: mis the mr bor hy facus r difu uraty and atemps taderfrinition
	layer_4: mistemarabo lei faces e di fiquety and ettems idefinition
	layer_6: mister mariy boldy faces the diffiquity and attemps the definition
	layer_8: mister marry badle faces the difficulty and attemps the definition
	layer_10: mister marry bodly faces whi difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_12: mister marry bodly faces whit difficulty and attempts the definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to himt tostirsk is work is the rekord of a great mind seeaking fror away ove lar it his morsan a rekolat of a strugle it is te strugle it solf
	layer_4: to him tustar skis work is the recort of a great min seeking for away of li it is more than a recot of a struggle it is the struggle it self
	layer_6: to him dhastersk is work is the record of a great mine seeking for a way of li it is more than a recod of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him dostesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is tho struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him toseskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and thos voices tak sa eensrsian un fogetobl fragwencs of dilo thet havein spokcan by one spirit to another in some ogly men taven sating soranding drkness
	layer_4: and those voices take sae insertan unfagetable fraguence of diolog that have een spokend by one spirite to another in some ugly men taven sairt in surounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take sape in certain unforgetable fraguments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven certa in surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven cert in surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: olt metly they o the creation snotem a man he disied tod be but ov e spirit wouch sog ton kn
	layer_4: altimetely they ore ther creation snothom aman whe desied tod be but ov a spirit wohich sougktto no
	layer_6: ultimately they arether creations not av a man ho desired to be but of a spirit wohich sought to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: be cuslsar posest they an no longe marnan wimen
	layer_4: becaus say ra possest they a know longor man and women
	layer_6: becaus they a possessed they are kno longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: thisus ol in a mage ctu
	layer_4: this is al in a mege tu
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to say this is not ted e nid the spircth ar content of dostirschis werk the enguishof the impresensols at bataos wa dat ant e niln dhi speir
	layer_4: to say this is not todeni the spirt a content of dosthe rs chis work the enguish of the imprisen soul as at bat os with dout and donile ind tespare
	layer_6: to say this is not to denye the spirit a content of dostask is work the anguish of the impreson soul as it battes with doubt and enile and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit ar content of dosteisk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denyial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dostaysk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirit or content of dostayisk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: thera s an dostairske asu gjetion of colleben trine tedisgover some bettad gord thanso tabos
	layer_4: ther ris and dustayasky a sa gestion of caloibeen tryingted iscover some better god than sotavoes
	layer_6: theire is n duseasky a suggestion of calyban trying to discover some better god than sertabls
	layer_8: there is in dosteeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sirtabls
	layer_10: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sortabls
	layer_12: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sitabos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the olt ma atitdod dustrsky is as criston ess tey aporsslppeates lohrd abelaveh hokt theo me um bely
	layer_4: the altomet aditut of dust ar sky is is cristion is the apposol petes low ad i eleave hlp thour mine unmbelefe
	layer_6: the ultimante additude of dusta sky is as christian is the aposcal peters lord i believe helpd theu might unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the apol peters lord i believe help thou mighe unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteoski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and be ong the dak not ave sofforig an disuppading the nit thustirske so ses tha lit f christhing compassion
	layer_4: and bey on the dark niht hovf sofering and disupating the night thustar skystil sease the liht of criscin compasion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dicipating the night dhuserski still seaz the light of christin ompassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night daseski still seized the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasevski still seize the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasersky still seize the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: thoriven by the compassion of othes la prince mishcan in the adias
	layer_4: or even by ther compasion of othes lick princemishcan inthe ideots
	layer_6: or eveng by the compassion of others lik princemishkan in theidiat
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkan in the idiet
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince michkin in the idios
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idios

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his werk lack his face bers the mark of this terble conplit
	layer_4: his work lack his face ters the mak of this terible conflet
	layer_6: his work like his face there's the mark of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face theres the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face beares the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bheares the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novles o the perfet emeged te man
	layer_4: the noveles of the perfect emigedtst of man
	layer_6: the novels of the perfect emegits of man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect imagites of man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect imidiates of man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect imidiates of man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as sr the marn him selfh the vecompte dive rlr gay desqrie tim mis he sorhing in the lastaes of his lir
	layer_4: as so the man himself the vecompte divul gay disqribed him ars he sore him in the lastas of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecomptadivalgay described him as he saw him in the last dears of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomptedivage described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicom te devoge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicompe te devoge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when e begame excited on a setain point whon couldif swoarn that one d saining befo seter ad bention apolacect awating chrile ore mong baga bloncee passd thet time beging betfore the prisen diowrs
	layer_4: when he begame excited on a sertain point when could havf swarn that one had sening be for see tod an ha bention a poliaset cort awating trile or a mong baggablnce he pass theat time begging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point on could have swarn that one had seening before seated on abenthion ta police court awaiting trial or among baggarblonce he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at alo the tims whe carry that lo coo sird an gen to makness sane on the  miges ofv old s tovon ic cantes
	layer_4: at a loethertimes whe carryd that look of sard and gentl makness seen on the emages of olds evone icants
	layer_6: at allothe times whe caurried that look of sad and gentle makness seen on the images of oldsto vonic ceints
	layer_8: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of old stavonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old sevonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old starvonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thas s epourtched of the man one saese the hinedosairskhes nols he porch it on myi le my sevien hirde fron the nobles
	layer_4: thas steportud of the man one sys the hind osarscis novls ep pourtcit ene migt almo shavin furd from the novles
	layer_6: bhats the portude of the man one sees be hin dos saoskis novels a portit on might almost have inferd from the novels
	layer_8: tha is te portaite of the man one sees behind dastaeski's novels a portrit one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_10: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dosteski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind osteski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a fegi that ut onse fassinat send re pes
	layer_4: it is a fiege that it once fassinigtesandrepells
	layer_6: it is a figer that it once facinates endrepills
	layer_8: it is a figur that iat once fascinates and repells
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repells

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he s not by temepreme to singar
	layer_4: he is not by tempremen to singa
	layer_6: he is not by temprement ta singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperament ta singer
	layer_10: he is not by temperament to singer
	layer_12: he is not by temperament to singer

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: his mais ai e us e stirsemoe oese unddenly mach to gans his consiusness of nidnitham sto
	layer_4: his masyi is a stillsemovf oise unavenly match togains his consiousness of midnot and sto
	layer_6: his mesi is a still smol of oice unevenly matched against his cunsciousness of midnit and sto
	layer_8: hise music is a still smoll voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stol
	layer_10: his music is a still smoe voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and ston
	layer_12: his music is a still smoe voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolm

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: s to te mis ther hardis nea the sufficiontley uticui nos ofpiciently fa stitious to be ad great poit
	layer_4: truth to telle mister hardi s ne the sufficiently atticulit nor s officiently fastidious to be a great poit
	layer_6: truth to tell mister harty is ne the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidius to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: hit as not express laift isily in betofr wrd sr an emiges
	layer_4: he dis not expresst lith asily in beutifr word sor an emiges
	layer_6: he does not expressed life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thu s he wrat seon if fand heratter of one wo
	layer_4: thus he riht sn i foaund her atther of one who
	layer_6: thus he writs in i found her at there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the ould noan ugle an mwo presacoutd suidguration these comtand in the ygeintelast lon
	layer_4: the could not ban ugly and wmilrl presaycould sueration themse contained in the emagein the last lion
	layer_6: ther could not be an ugli and will proseye cud saderation the s contained in the image in the last line
	layer_8: there could not be an uglie and mil presiecutd sagduration thate is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_10: there could not be an uglier and more preseicedsaduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more preseicud saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and prrs in tuds in the trse of ward es wellrs in emmites
	layer_4: and prosintrueeds in the tese of werds as wellers and imiges
	layer_6: and prose in jrds in the toce of words as well as and images
	layer_8: and pros in drdes in the tose of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prosin drudes in the troce of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prosein jrudes in the troice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: takfor exsemplen the use th ewerd domasild in the passigin the same polm athaurt
	layer_4: take for example the ucit the wrd domasild in the passage in the same po abhut
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domasild in the passage in the same palm a aut
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domicyled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: whun wes strangees sghte ha catering car teld smils bespak tar thourht of wiat we ler
	layer_4: when weis stranges saugt their caterin car veld smiles bespok their thougt of what we wer
	layer_6: when we s stranges sought their cator in care vaild smiles be spoke their thought of what we wer
	layer_8: when wes strangers sought their kater ind care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we as strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we as strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care is and apalling fras
	layer_4: catering car is an a palling fraes
	layer_6: katering care is in a palling fras
	layer_8: katering care is an appalling phraze
	layer_10: kater ing kare is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: katering care is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: isa lin o cuodpulity
	layer_4: is aline of godpulity
	layer_6: is a line of good polity
	layer_8: is a line of good poletry
	layer_10: is a line of good poletry
	layer_12: is a line of good poletry

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yo did not com and mutching time jeon ind wale my nowm yhet los felosto u dy a presentce ther then thet artvo sfan lackin inyu mak that hi compassion which coanover er fwe loctance ftoepul loving kines sak greavedi when is the heor bastroa tid som yeu did not com
	layer_4: you did not come and maching time dew on and wal me knownm yet los false tof you dea presance thir then that i thus faun lacking in your make buat hihre conpassion which connov a ber re luctance foa pu loving kindess sake greeved y when is the hobaustro tit som you did not com
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drew on and wal me nome yet los for lost of your dea presence there then that i thus fan lacking in your make buat highe compassion which can over ber reluctance for pour loving kindness sake grieved i when is the hopeoarstroed it som you did not come
	layer_8: yoeu did not come and marching time drew on and war me num yet loss for los of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make bhat higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure lovand kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and waorm me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeo stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and wor me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeou stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hin s of the gran stil of lirer it plithry n ntheys lins but frases luck inou make end is the hope el stro t it som a discus thet prhat tomblin to the livles of e tori an comentlice
	layer_4: there e hins of the grand stile of liverit poltry in thes lins but frases lck inyour make and is the hope ola strocked it som a dischos that briat tumbling to the livles of ic toryan commentlace
	layer_6: there ae hincs of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but fhrasers luck inyour make and as the hope our strogked it sum a discors that bringet tumbling to the levels of victoriand common place
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyveric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in yo'l make and as the hope our stroked its sum ae discourdse that bring t tumbling to the levels of victoriand commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in your make and as the hope our stroked its sum are discorse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrasers luck in your make and as the hope our stroked its sum are discorse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has a temproment encitide be on thut of olbut a ferastant rates to the paiing impasion of hem an bens
	layer_4: he has at temperment sencitive be on thout of olbut aferisant rightes to the payin impasion of heman bens
	layer_6: he has a temperiment sensitive beyond that of allbut a fuew recant rites to the pain impassion of human beengs
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a feuw recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: on culn remembe pall of to pall of is wit hthe taime that myht iasily have srves foo mistor hrdy to late cresteeno the lost misstres the last ried tigeother the stetcshu in the brust to nayme a fu
	layer_4: one can remembepall of te pal of his with e them that migh easily have serves fr mis to hardy two late cristenar the lost mistress the last ried together the statsuind the bst to name o few
	layer_6: one can remember palm after polm of his with a theme that migh easily have served for mister hardy two late cristina the lost mystress the last ride together the statuan the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember palm after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue ind the bost to name afew
	layer_10: one can remember pam after palem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bost to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember palm after palm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stature an the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whte sences of chiump theris and brarnins tagedies
	layer_4: but whaticence of chiump there ies and brownins tragidies
	layer_6: but what a sense of chiump thereis and brownins trageties
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiump there is an brownings tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his weld as a placof opullence not upovity
	layer_4: his weld as a place of opulence not af povity
	layer_6: his welled is a placeof opulence not ofepovity
	layer_8: his wold is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: d hav lobdoden fran aol is with braning to live foreveragtr in hen heritencs ofthe myt achvment
	layer_4: to have lobdiden for an alw is with brownning to live for ever agfter inthe ein heritance of a migty achevement
	layer_6: to have lobeduden for an halr is with brownning to live for ever after in the inheritante of a mighty achievement
	layer_8: to have loved even for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: t ve lod fran owa is ind ms the hirdis imungination tohavb dapen the sadnes iven mo thin the bety of once memeris
	layer_4: to have loged for an ouar is in miste hirdies  magination to havbe dapend te sadnesse even morethan the buty of one'e memoris
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister hirdis imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of on's memoris
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then  aun distrest be hearts gon cold to me could lonthy wraihte m and thes resd withtha cuinimety
	layer_4: for then i undistresst by herts gong cold to me could lonly rat my and thes rest with her cuenimity
	layer_6: for then i undistressed by hearts growng colled to me could lanly waigt my enddes rest with e qcuinimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growng coald to me could lonely wait my enders rest with thercuanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonly wat my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonly wate my endless rest with equanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but time to make me greave put stils let's part a bid and shake this fe jo fraymeat eve wi trobings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me greive port stils let's part a bide and shakes this fajou fram ant eve with trobings of nontid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part stels lets part of bide and shakes this fraje fram at eve with throbbings of noontid
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part a bide and shakes this fragoil frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragil frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fragil frame ant eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and disparys by no mains ty ountance in wod is be haps the mosther chreacty o alr mysste hird is plons the okon
	layer_4: and dispariys by no mins thra unfhance in wod is berhaps the most te chractive of all mystor heard is pons the oxon
	layer_6: and dispairis by no means tryumphans in whad is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hard is polms the oxin
	layer_8: and despairis by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardis poems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardeys poems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: yoepicthuld tha meake mol creaches wearehei drelto this tory phan no det it aparto one ofusther to dot tho wa nealling then
	layer_4: wou pitctheld the mak mil cratches where they dreltin this s dory pan nor did at aperto one of us ther to dout ther wer nealing then
	layer_6: we pitcured the meik miled creates where they drealt in their s dory pen nor did it acpare to one of us there to doubt theyehwere neeling then
	layer_8: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they ddwelt in their story pen nor did it appar to one of us there to doubt theye were neeling then
	layer_10: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt therye were kneeling then
	layer_12: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it apcear to one of us there to doubt therye were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meder fate hellve oraother of de liht in the memery  oaf fath his no't mis teo hodis prvailing mod
	layer_4: the mede fate helver orrather of delight in the memory of fath is not mis to hord is prvalig mood
	layer_6: the modi fate hoever or rather of delight in the memoryor faith is not mister hird is prvailing mood
	layer_8: the modofe fate however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hrdi's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of fath however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydy's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of fathe however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hydey's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he couln enterepon a wale wi that o wran yqwuld ducs has whe se in the song men he mochhoay
	layer_4: he couln enteraupon a war with thout iruniquuld doks as wes see in the song men who mach haway
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wal without a ronicood dacks as wee see in the somg men who march away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without aronica darks as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironicl duks as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the song men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: ho long he cries in aparmg witen soe mesagoor
	layer_4: how long he crids in apong rit ten soe meians ago
	layer_6: how long he crieds in apon ritten some meas a go
	layer_8: how long he cries in a pomg written some myears ago
	layer_10: how long he crieds in a pallm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he crieds in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when to the saina softeo politis were of wejram have sray inach proudland and patuad is in gron godluk scong thesdand bon slaved to roms but secl et than sevs
	layer_4: when chol the saina suoftef polities where o we dram have sway on each prowd land and patuaed is in grng godluc scong to send bon slaved to roams but sercl arththan seats
	layer_6: when shall the sainer softof polities wherealfh we dream have sway in each proud land and patrued is n groing godlack scorn to staned bon slaved o relms but circle earth and seis
	layer_8: won shall the sanor soft ef polities whereal we dream have sway in each proud land and patrotism growin godlack scorned to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the sano softer polities whereo we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorn to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: whene shall the sanor softer polities whereaf we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorn to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his carteoristegaterched to wors to be fund not in lins ec leas but in that mell ancolly pome the sols ofs the slain hin which the sos of the ded soges wetente thei county and question a seinior soflame waiste har their friens nrelites hafd kep the douty dadsin re membrance
	layer_4: bu perhaps his caractorestigatiched to wars to be found not en lines lic les but in that mellenclly pome the souls of the slain in which the sols of the ded solges wreturneto their country and question a seeniur soflame as to haw their friends and relites have kept their douty dads in rememberance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attituesto wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancoly pome the souls of the slain in which the soules of the ded soldiers returned to their country and question aceniar so flame as to hawr their friends and relaties have kept their doubty deeds in rememberance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question asinia sol flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a siniar sol flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their dougted deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relaties have kept their dougted deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gen hel hod at he s wet hauts swon aillis dos
	layer_4: and generw hol hod out her sweet harts swrn lil his dos
	layer_6: and general how hold out er sweethearts sworn lyl is dulvs
	layer_8: and general helhold out hur sweethearts swoorn loyal as dolves
	layer_10: an general helhold out hour sweethearts sworn loyal as dolves
	layer_12: and general helhold out hour sweethearts sworn loyal as dolves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some ficland fleetharts a faundthe nw lovs
	layer_4: some ficl and flet hearts a found the new loves
	layer_6: some ficle and fleet hearts a found them new loves
	layer_8: some fikle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wis quithin othe resiunedly dll dayon or deg
	layer_4: and i wies quithen other resonedly doll tyun ou degd
	layer_6: and i wives quith another resinedly dulday on ourdeed
	layer_8: and our wives quoth another resinedly douday on our deed
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dul day on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dol day on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: isthe hirdy has toee betheroesence ofpreoloty to belag mut sh in the glory of fa
	layer_4: es te hirdy has too beterasente of reality to belede much in the glory of ar
	layer_6: is te hardy has too biterassense of reality to beliede much in the glory of war
	layer_8: mister hay has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of wa
	layer_10: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the vrer well to misto hardy is the wold of anon ham an theings in which  has come to by hitiuserel ofvhencs
	layer_4: the rwelld to mistor hardy is the wold of antient heman things in which ware has come to be  hiadiuserelovence
	layer_6: the rearwell to mister harty is the wold of entient human things in which ware has come to be a hidious irelevants
	layer_8: the rearworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irelevance
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: i mayby tot an the oeer han that mister hard i's pons bout wale and nomor expresse o chrudgiy fe tuity thatd his pongs abot love
	layer_4: it mayby tought ond the oter hand that missto herd is pons bout wal adnomore expressivf of thrigic fetoity that his pons about love
	layer_6: it may be thought on the other hand that mis ter hirthis polns about wal a no more expressive of tragic futility that his polns about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardes pons about wa and no more expressive of tragic futility thant his pons about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's pomes about war ared no more expressive of tragic futility than his pomes about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hyrdy's pomes about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pomes about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: fetoite an fustrotion hot ever receary tems in bo
	layer_4: fetllity in frostration a ever recaryng thems and both
	layer_6: futility and frostration ar ever recquaring thems ind both
	layer_8: futility and frustration ar ever requaring themes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever requiring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: heis lovhos lac hi soges wrat in te groyed defated of thei gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack hi sges rout in the groaed de feeted of ther gory
	layer_6: his lovers licke his soldies wrot in the grea defeated of their gorry
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the gra defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers wrote in the grave defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: le was a alwayd seve brohin life andin det
	layer_4: lovas a alwayse sevad bothin lie and in deth
	layer_6: lovers are always severed broath in life and indeath
	layer_8: lovers are always severed bth in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in beoun dhe lus teanp we have the same monfur criy of the sevherence
	layer_4: in beyon delust themp we have the same monful cry of the severence
	layer_6: in beyondelast tamp we have the same monful cry ov ter severence
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mounful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mounful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severence

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade avf piny cu e tre o tow whil ehenjs we foran my mound and betin theal stll antyos one roben nevea hourt ato green coigos
	layer_4: no shat ofe piny co a tre o tow while earth n jos will forl an my mound and beth in the al a stall unto yors one roben never hoant at to green ofvatels
	layer_6: no shad of pinnicol a tree or tower while earth an jes will folre an my mound and buthin the our stell unto yours one robbin never harnt our two green covertules
	layer_8: no shade of pinnicle or tree or tower while earth en juas will fall on my mound and buthin the hour stell unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertiles
	layer_10: no shade of pinnicl or tree or tower while earthen daws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covacuiles
	layer_12: no shade of pinnical or tree or tower while earthen jaws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covecules

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they bring has faced te face with a n expirance intencerf than o ine
	layer_4: they bring as faced o face with an expirence intensrf than ou owne
	layer_6: they bring as face to face with an experience intenser than ou own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nofhing ho tinious werth hov iveroht ponded pland no ome thing oskin blame al pras sistepail cocksu birth t of thisti rnal unete bering blenk sinal l ats raes delost of dell he daes
	layer_4: nogthing of tineous orth have i rought ponded pland no onme thing askin blame al pras sinste pale cour sik burth of thistir nal unut bering blenksinal its ras dullst of dellhurd days
	layer_6: nothing of tinius orth have iv rought uponded pland no one thing asking blame ol prais since the pal cougks like birth of thisty oonal unite bearing blank inal its rais dellast of dellhed days
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered pland no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corks like birth of this diornal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dealist of dulihued days
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered pland no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal cork like birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dualist of dulhued days
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corx like birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dualist of dulhued days

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in one conmer of tlitleroom canith forbes sqwatred up one apenge bith an amtey pin boks hasd carlistly in his la
	layer_4: in one coner of the little room can ith forbs squated upone apengh with anempty pinboks has carlesly in his lap
	layer_6: in on conder of the little room caneth forbs squatted upon a pench with a empty pine box has carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box has carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobs squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box has carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkan woooked the boiy was busy with his penced but ni ther hatspokonfor atles o harf ar
	layer_4: whiy dunkin woroked the boy was busy with his penswes but nei the had spoken for atlesed a haf ar
	layer_6: while dunkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for iat leased a half ur
	layer_8: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for atleased a half hour
	layer_10: while dunckan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while dunkan worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then driding sloliy op the head e bado drod his tro bors once mornt asal him and he woneerd of thert was not somt wat uone the brort it tr which he coled li fo radibed an tril the gors had left a must fo cood
	layer_4: then rieding sloly up the head t bod wr rad his trobers once more a sale him and he onder of there was not somes phat uone the brougd u to which he coul fli or retibent untl the gos had left ald ust fo cod
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the hed bporder road his trublrs once more assaile him and he wondered of there was not somes part upon the broad urt to which he could fly for aetirent unil the girs had left elmist for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the headg borderd road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retiement until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmast for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmast for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: noro shide and he lok thopteod discoer that he had meinly one thoun of pe des iim astoutlet ta man wit the bone dlunder histhom who hed up one hand as if te woad lest hi
	layer_4: nowr a shide and he looked upte discoter lhat he had mely undown uf pidestian astoutletl man with a bondlunder his om who heled up one hand as if te wart est him
	layer_6: nor ra shide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly rund down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to waresst him
	layer_8: nora shyd and he looked ap to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warressd him
	layer_10: norah shyed and he looked ap to discover that he had nerly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to orresst him
	layer_12: norah shyed and he looked ap to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arresst him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bed you wn tacwa as the bon
	layer_4: ved you oent to cgal asked the boy
	layer_6: vbed ye want to gall asked the boy
	layer_8: whetdo you want to gall asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to gall asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to gall asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: theat is the same gain his eiv er he lis ponded wrt the shake f has grusotltd hag
	layer_4: thet is the same jan his ever he lesponded with t ae shake of his grisiledhead
	layer_6: thet is the same jane is ever he responded with the shake of his griseled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with he shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dhe anow i sont a horp she te formd and i begteladas e her oagim they dory shus gof mony
	layer_4: dhe a know i sone a horpd shep toformd and i be glad ase her agan thetall me sh's got money
	layer_6: do you kno i sawn a hop shep teformed and i' bigglad as e her again thy tel me she's got money
	layer_8: do you know i sown a hopeshep prerformed and i'd beglad o see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i sow a hope sheep performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i sow a hope shee'p performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antins rich unje
	layer_4: untns brich anti
	layer_6: antns wrich antane
	layer_8: anthains wrich antan
	layer_10: an jans wich antan
	layer_12: unt jans wich anttan

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: i ore he mon quily wht ul nam lat
	layer_4: ecore the min cretkly what you name la
	layer_6: ecor the man creeckly whut you name lad
	layer_8: eqoed the man quikly what you named lad
	layer_10: eqhoed the man quikly what your named lad
	layer_12: eqhoed the man quikly what your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: do my gse i tke
	layer_4: don' my gos i dkid
	layer_6: don't my gurs i dicket
	layer_8: don't my gurs i dick it
	layer_10: don't my gs i tick it
	layer_12: don't my guds i tick it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: a nother lonwise than the boi sadnlydurnd ques no
	layer_4: another long as then the boy suddnly tond queshno
	layer_6: another long puse then the boy suddenly turned questono
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned queshtiona
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionar
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questiona

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: yould no on but mis maric er
	layer_4: you know on ut missmaric se
	layer_6: you know un  mismaic sa
	layer_8: you know un miss marik si
	layer_10: you know imiss mai sir
	layer_12: you know in miss marric sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: i yousto when me brborth yun ter
	layer_4: i ousto whend we bevoath younger
	layer_6: a u sto when wme berboth younger
	layer_8: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_10: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_12: a usto when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: ganit stope sht and the masdopt and th liten man weithe waime so goots myil ad the boyse as donithmen asestot
	layer_4: gainit stop sht and the marstopped and the littn man with a wame o goot smilet the bos astonighmenth alser stoped
	layer_6: ganit stopped shot and the ma stopped and the little mant with the whamsta cood smile at the boys a stonishment alsestped
	layer_8: kennit stopped shot and the ma stopped and the little man wit a wimes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kenet stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a wemwith a goold smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kennet stopped short and the mayre stopped and the little man with a wem with a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jone me ik that me
	layer_4: jn mehic that me
	layer_6: john melic that me
	layer_8: john medic that me
	layer_10: john medick that me
	layer_12: john medick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a dens met
	layer_4: you was a dens met
	layer_6: you was attensmet
	layer_8: you was a tensmat
	layer_10: you was a tensmat
	layer_12: you was a tensmat

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thi cap crarck a hervebogous she sudeny becim lich and a grart yaty and thad wash as afbrising thing tor hap ofh to melick
	layer_4: thi kap crack of her cous she suddeny became rich and a gratlady and thut wash a so rising thing to hap ith to o meli
	layer_6: thy kept crack of her becaus she suddeny became rich and a great lady and that was a surprizing thing to happit to a meic
	layer_8: thy kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happe to amelic
	layer_10: they kept crack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a mellik
	layer_12: they kept crack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a mellick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thank your lad ror don the man grarforly i thoughtalit lexsics wild do me god but vis re myis has seem leck tharty to me
	layer_4: thank  our lad et on the man creatfully i toughta littlexie would do me god but this hree mye has seeme like tharty to me
	layer_6: thank you lad retond the man cratfully i thought a little excise would do me good but this three mie has seeme like thrty to me
	layer_8: thank you lad returned the man cratefully i thought a little execise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wilt said the mon
	layer_4: i will said the mat
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boi td n dhe wea but in a momen t hileto t egain
	layer_4: the boytwned e wea but ina moment whilet thagain
	layer_6: the boy thund awa but in a moment hlto again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment wated again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: hits interesstin this jins brothe  jon was excrrdnoty
	layer_4: his interestin tis geins brother jon was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interest in mis jn's brother john was excrodinary
	layer_8: his interestid miss janes brother john was excraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: bles dlitet tenged in thisqwart remr so ie me as wod be clent fwith the poa chied
	layer_4: ptheslittl t enger in this quatlemture so ime me as wiulld be flent fwith the poer chied
	layer_6: prhe's little dangur in this quartrempsiure so i me as wrt be frend fwith the pr chied
	layer_8: prhe's little danger in this quarter ampsure so i mia as wel ut be friend with the por childd
	layer_10: threre's little danger in this quarter im sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_12: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: i no
	layer_4: a wi no
	layer_6: ah why kno
	layer_8: ah why not
	layer_10: ah why not
	layer_12: ah why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: mat esetaited
	layer_4: matesi ated
	layer_6: met hesitated
	layer_8: met hesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: bat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor aste me to visiatter was the firset i have everaseep dora me
	layer_4: the letar as ieng me to wisitho was the first i have ever aseed oroher
	layer_6: the letter asking me t visit er was the first i have ever receiped rom her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but san sheask meg to vis it her we jud she had s offed and mite wish o becomfenty andtoaccepto the inidation
	layer_4: but sin she ask me to visit her we jude she hads oftnd and might wish o beconfendy and ta axceptet the indation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fandy and o acccepted the invitation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fendy and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become frenzy and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become frenzy and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: sw lhey do gise wal havel bete tim in thisore me ord plecs than wone coud havi loan
	layer_4: shly toogase will havel bete dim in this loley or plesce than one could havealone
	layer_6: srely to gis will have a bette im in this lonely orplace than one could have a lon
	layer_8: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely ord place than one could have alone
	layer_10: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: or yes she hais gl e to deets
	layer_4: a yes she has coulac t teeies
	layer_6: oh yes she has corrected temes
	layer_8: oh yes she has corlected louis
	layer_10: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has collected louis

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you me in putt shua doo yes
	layer_4: you mein putreshad doyl yes
	layer_6: you mean patricia doil yes
	layer_8: you mean partricia dol yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia doile yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doile yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: then me ma contlurd she left out of the arlingeent said bet com
	layer_4: then we ma ontlod she left out of the arangement said beth come
	layer_6: then we may conclod she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: then we may conclode shes left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wa fi foe r on chance and sfit myhty ha
	layer_4: you wal fied fryur ouwn chance and fit myighty head
	layer_6: you wl fit foeour own chancs and fiet mighty hart
	layer_8: you ill fight for your own chance and fiht mighty hart
	layer_10: you will fight for your own chance and figt mighty hard
	layer_12: you will fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: wy ma dhea cuson i dol farnt unch ive's monyn
	layer_4: why migte tear casen i do fant anch ifs money
	layer_6: why myt dea cousin i don't fant auncheiv's money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't  want aunt chf's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt j's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't  want aunt je's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mater any ut am pleyprideefor and iame ony he r tefianres fro mysal feltukes and tecge aquaimnted with my thed faither sistep tat is o
	layer_4: my mater ani u ampleprovited for and im ony he rto fin ress for my so shlltuties and thecgelt a quainted with my thed father siste that is ol
	layer_6: my mather an i ar amply provided for and i am only he areto find ressh for my social uties and tokit acquainted with my dead father sister that is al
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and toket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my faisthe tet is neusi and mothers hosim continualy fe not being aboredo uon innogmony tokepoat of det
	layer_4: my fa that teatc is music and mothers hoausimn continuarlly fo not being abore to on in ough money to keep out of det
	layer_6: my father teach is music and mother's hoseim continually for not being able to an enough money to keep out of dhet
	layer_8: my father teachs music and mother's hosim continually for not being able to arn enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of det

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've noasenos sent ofpr mony or thoug fare ther hastrid et di msto bwor winugh tor harppe aght of his tefigiltes
	layer_4: we've noveas e nos sent o ar money or though fathe has ridet tims to bwor winough to happin miuht of his tiffikilties
	layer_6: we've nevers e n o sent of her money althoug father hast riht at times to bor wenough to happin ut of his dificalties
	layer_8: we've never seen a cent o her money although father has rid a times to bor w enough to hepp him ut of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trit at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trit at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i ouw'd kis even sease me do and he seta sheiver ol dhow my back
	layer_4: i yould kise hevand she as me to and hitset a shever alld ou my bak
	layer_6: ar you'ld kissed her when she akedme to and it sent a shivwer all thow my back
	layer_8: are youd kisse her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_10: are you'd kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: are youd kissed her when she asked me too and it sent a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for mi bat i amfornd o every one andi telihts me tefast on inwileddsan hesisthem
	layer_4: for my put i am fornd of every ont and i the lights mee to fasiroun in willids and a sis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am fornd of every one ande thelights me to facterown in villads and assis them
	layer_8: for my pat i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast  round in villags and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fas around in villads and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fas around in villags and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you see your lik to cafulrin mwilits and idon
	layer_4: you sa you like to carfurin millitds and i d ont
	layer_6: you sa you like to carefur in willeds and i don't
	layer_8: you sa you' like to care fur in willads and i don't
	layer_10: you say you'd like to care for in willids and i don't
	layer_12: you say you'd like to care for in willids and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: youd cimedo manke met thing yo dornt ant an hus buen yout is in tu s to getit as ia
	layer_4: youl climed tomake meat thing you dont ane a hurs bun you as ianm sous stoget it as ia
	layer_6: you' cimed to make me think you don't oe elhurs bun you as i am sou sto get it as i ae
	layer_8: you' cring to make mee think you don't want elhes but you' as i'am us to get it as i am
	layer_10: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhers but you'r as i'm ust to get it as i am
	layer_12: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhers but you're as i'm ust to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they i me bet salendy
	layer_4: they ill me bet sallenly
	layer_6: they foll me bet salenly
	layer_8: they fould me bet sullenly
	layer_10: they found me bet sullemnly
	layer_12: they found me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i coon elave en this out of the wa conor of the wagonal
	layer_4: i contilaveen this out of the wairconer of the walgone
	layer_6: i coln't leve in this out of the war cornor of the walsuno
	layer_8: i couldn't live in this out of the ware corner of the wrlgono
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the war corner of the wold you kno

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but's a pore shenhetsa doul fisistinfet
	layer_4: but s a pore shen neives ha doeou far sistan fet
	layer_6: but seppouse she kneves at t fr sistentc bet
	layer_8: but suppouse she nedes at d or assistent bet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs that d for assistance bet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs hat de for assistance bet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luwe sems to metes dect
	layer_4: lue seemed to metes det
	layer_6: lougi seem to mehe det
	layer_8: loui seemed to mees deat
	layer_10: louis seemed to medidat
	layer_12: louis seemed to medidat

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te migdniiscentestat said bet look ng atlr c isin tdod forlly
	layer_4: it  mahe nifisent astat said beth looking at hoo kausn toutfilly
	layer_6: it' to magnificent i state said beth looking at her kousin toutfully
	layer_8: it'sta magnificent e state said beth looking at her cousin thoubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin tdhougbhtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin dhougbhtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now cshald re be frent te asd laty
	layer_4: now shauld we be frent she as lihtly
	layer_6: now shal be be frend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shal be be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: to he sher i shaurd wante litto midtiar
	layer_4: to bhe shar i shol ontlito mydea
	layer_6: to beshar i shuld want lito my dea
	layer_8: tobesure i shuld want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: scha gore ten it had never b in heup pro lige to hav fterfore and wren usars spishionce waf a garten she begain ferdy has ponceo and brighte anh on doforly
	layer_4: such a gored then it had never beein herpro lige to have before and wen hers a spicioncs wirh a gatten she begame farly ls poncewi and brigtind ondorfuly
	layer_6: such a gorl then it had never been herproviliged to have before and when hersuspicions were forgoten she begame fairly res ponsive and brighteene wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said renyante what youethin o my nieses
	layer_4: siliss she said wrenieanto what you thin of mineses
	layer_6: siless she said wenienterd what your think of mynises
	layer_8: sylus she said renientered what o you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silus she said renienteed what o you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silus she said rhenientered what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the ut vay charming gordes heanset ott they atetin ag wren fyouw gase orto goulderfanpage
	layer_4: the veyacharming gos he anse oto the o etin age when few gos shor to cood epanptage
	layer_6: they are very charming girs he answered othough the atrein age when few gaus show to cood efauntage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answered although they are eatin age when few girs showe to good evantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: wiysis oo not in glit canis to de nongin the bory
	layer_4: wises you not inwiht canes to den ongiin the boy
	layer_6: why is you not invite kannis to denorngan the boy
	layer_8: why dois you not in vite kennis to denartn the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kennith to dinorgn the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite kennith to dinorgan the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constofthe saing e sagrebrthings
	layer_4: he is consto ty saying to sagreebe things
	layer_6: he is constibly saying ti sagrablr things
	layer_8: he is constanely saying tdisagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: badywea said the loyl quily bhuchoaf my esls dyou profer
	layer_4: varywel said the loya quiely bitch of my ness toyou prefer
	layer_6: very well said the laoya quietly bich of my neesis deu profer
	layer_8: very well said the lowyeor quietly ich of my nieces du profer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces dou prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces dyo prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af teu wrlady of tropse i cannot see an sor shart and a quintes yancert wieth cravit whuich t ouopreforgin
	layer_4: asfto wel ladis aftropaes i cannot sa on sor shout and a quenteds yancerd with cravity which to youprefergain
	layer_6: askd yu wore lades aftero pase i cannot sa on so short and acquainteds hy answered with cravety which to you prefergaine
	layer_8: ask yuor ladies after a pause i cannot sa on so short anacquaintans he answered with cravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: asked your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: asked you ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the a ea tuly ansattesfacty theaner
	layer_4: the  eauily nsattespacty she ancer
	layer_6: the a equally and satispactly she answer
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactoy she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot i maghon an mus thelong isto ei thersiders
	layer_4: i cannot i magin and hus bhe long is to ithersiles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine lhors belong is to either silders
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhus belongins to either siles
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhers belonging to either silus
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhers belonging to either siles

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i mu see that athenies the wonewholdhefis ny andta fhe asis towancs od my sikc on theter
	layer_4: i musee that othanes the wone who tefis my and to fe was isto oncs o my secon lettor
	layer_6: i mus see that othernes the one who defise me and afuses to ans of my second leter
	layer_8: i must see that otherneys the one who defis me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that othernes the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that othernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: therewould be had dousinars te fihte fo my mony anddere al an hus wiulh he sol de straingdos sheisilnd thuthbitemess
	layer_4: there would be ha dosan ars te fight for my money and deare all lenhurs wiuld be sald testrangers sheusund tit pitermiss
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs te fight for my money and dear all enhust would be sal distrangers she resumed with pitternis
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear oll eehuse would be sol e strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and der old enmhust would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ol emhust would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the ar but lonme lovers whookancontenthemsais woith the dillg cady d on and borsrc distencs
	layer_4: the ar but luoe ome lovers whoo kn contenthemseyves with the dilog caryed on ad boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but lok om lovers who an content themselves with a dilog carried on at bosh rt distance
	layer_8: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with ae dialog carried on at boshot distance
	layer_10: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bushort distance
	layer_12: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with ha dialogue carried on at beushort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: iterbeanarlis u mon ot it is thise
	layer_4: if ther be anelas yu moneot it is this
	layer_6: if there be an elocu manat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an alysu monat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an elysumonat it is this
	layer_12: if there be an elisumonat it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: hit orndortder his only door do of the bestd blat of suthem avistocrecy beu uld efl acomplished every think tho sicur him us plender elins whorlling ni le assination with a horse ontor
	layer_4: hi own dughtter his only doter of the best bload ovf sotheen aristercrescy beout to fl acomplished everythink to secyour him was plendee alins holling nightly assination with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own daughtter his only duter of the best blod of suthern arristocricy beautiful accomplished everythink to secure him as plended a lians wholling nightly assination with a hosehunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a plendid alliance holing nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocrasy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocrasy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: hecould velkonc hed so machedto hocoaprese sinse hersting at haorm could be notis ad vantage or the coas that had trompdhim to the stern counse
	layer_4: he could wellconced so mach to her kapriece sincse her staing at hom could bee no tisadvantage to the cos that had prompetd him to the sterand consle
	layer_6: he could wellcon seed so much to her capriece since her staying at hom could be no disadvantage to the cuse that had prompted him to the sterned councel
	layer_8: he could well concee so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the stern counciel
	layer_10: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol veady noe theat this rord basd the hassyandr of cassi del cawl at sone tistancs from the house and on the oposud sit of ti eever
	layer_4: it is all redy no that this road bas the haseyendar of gas a telcolwa at sone distance from the house and on the opposid side of the river
	layer_6: it is all vedy known that this road past the hassyender of carsa del colwo at sone distance from the house and on the opposit side of the river
	layer_8: it is alverdy known that this road pasd the hassiende of casadelcoro at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road passed the hasienda of kasa del korwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road passed the haienda of kasa del korwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on eaching the courps he esmante lhet his haurse in amang thour undewoord heched him by lho bin his brieedren a anther do mors twics of in ilasting bor thendet datching a longro of twisted hors her from the forn of his sadl and inserting his am ando it's co he lided ourt to the ee of the ilingd on that sid that letors the hasyendu
	layer_4: onreaching the cops he desmanted let his horse in a mong thou underwod hiched him by lupink his brildran arraunther top mors twiks of in elasting boe then dettaching a lon rop of twisted hoseheair from the fon of his sadl and inserting his arm ando itscoil he lidedout to the ech of the ilingd on that sid that le towas the hasyendar
	layer_6: on reaching the cops he dismounted let his horse in among though underwood hitched him by louping his bridle rain arrounther topmost twiks of an elastig bo then detaching a long rop of twisted horsehair from the forn of his saddle and incerting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the edge of the islngd on that side that la towards the husyendar
	layer_8: on reaching the copse he dismounted let his horse in among thegh underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rain aroundthe topmost twigs of an elasting bor then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the hown of his saddle and inserting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the edge of the islangd on that side that lay towards the hussyendar
	layer_10: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridl rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bo then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm andto its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hussyenda
	layer_12: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridl rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm andto its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hussenda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the forfarseiking the shid o of the corps he cas a glance to wr this gyi and met the mone sarling upremlye ovelit
	layer_4: theforfoseaking the shird ow of the cops he cast aglance to ware this ky and mathe mon salling surpremely ovelit
	layer_6: bheefore fars eaking the shadow of the cops he casetd aglance toward thi sky and mat the moon sailing suremely ovel it
	layer_8: before fore aking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mathe moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: before foreaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: before foresaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the droconceet whichers sor ofd ao neuse the nocdonel inneriat of crt sitese a poto predus a like afc upon the night baroler of the prary and ford a moment the shaida let dakening his bro disiperd
	layer_4: the drowl conceat wich ar sow oft amuse the nockdonel inebriet of gat sitesh appyal to preduse a like afact upon the night patrowler of the prary and forr o morment the shadaw leat tarckoning hish broaw disapiurd
	layer_6: the drol conceit which ha so oft amuse the nockdornal inebriat of grat citiesh appeare to produse a like afect upon the night patroler of the prarie and foro moment the shadow lat darkening his broaw disappeaured
	layer_8: the drowl conceit which ha so oftamused the nocternal inabriote of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night patroler of the praire and for a moment the shadow lat darkening his broa disappeared
	layer_10: the drowl conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night patrole of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared
	layer_12: the drowl conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night partroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: it notlicly at his ar un hlessed be theornir of a bake conctanto consle
	layer_4: it not liely at his ar anlessid be the orner of a bag contion to conslep
	layer_6: its not likely at this are unless hit be the howrnor of a bag conscione who consleep
	layer_8: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the ownour of a bad conscience who can' sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the ownoeur of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the ownour of a bad conscience who can't sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: cruft thes on such with in thoos waldt
	layer_4: crott thes onsuch within thos wold
	layer_6: crut there's one such within those wals
	layer_8: croth there's one such within those worlds
	layer_10: crot there's one such within those walds
	layer_12: krot there's one such within those walds

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be abrod thas a good shands of his seen me un beupon gdroaund not that ishud gad estrol iv it were on y migceef to be confromice
	layer_4: if he be abrad thas a good shancs of his seeing me un ve orpen ground not thar i should gare ra strow evit wer on e mieee to be con fromisd
	layer_6: if he be a brad tha's a good shans of his seaing me on be opend ground nothat i should care astraw if it were onl he my self to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be opened ground not that i should care astraw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the opend ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: its no us wating upon the more dustacar
	layer_4: its no use wating upone the morn dustayca
	layer_6: it's no uswating upon the mon dustake
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the mon dustekr
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the mon dustek
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the mon dusteke

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it eis re he had desins opon the hasy inder but thesedd not contoplit itr its cash flet o juldly ifbe exep the morsprlesshas juwli condeind the misles of the mancion horsef
	layer_4: it istrue he had desiins ofpon the hasy ander but thesedid not contabplit ither itscash fleat o july if be except the morsprecius jullit conteind the mistlesse of the manchion herseaf
	layer_6: it i truew he had desins upon the hassy ender but these did not conteplate either it scash flate or julry if we accept the moe s precious jewli contand the mistress of the manshi in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassiender but these did not conteplate either it scash flat or juwlry if we accept the mos precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flit or jwelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flit or jewelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taeyd a ginashor of fudas and came up the gadale whel i thend res ideed he was ape ently without ane bis nmes tev wats af poart him but he swn became maquainted woutd dmy san domise with hom he hanted for along time and mande his hoe with him at my house rentogamorn and he cantoneutd his day
	layer_4: he taried hat gainasar of fudeis and came up the gado whele i thend resided he was apearently without any bismisstefits appourt him but he son became acquainted woultd my sontomise with whom he hunted forra long time and mad his whom with him at my hous wentocamone and he cont nut his tay
	layer_6: he tarried hat gennashor o few das and came up the gado whele i then resided he was apparently without any busmis tha wotes apport him but he son became acquainted with my sun tomise with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continuwd his day
	layer_8: he tarried at kenisha a few days and came up tho gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any businss that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son tomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_10: he tarried at genisha a few days and came up to gardo where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he tarried at genisha a few days and came up to gardo where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hasebeen be nowin that he shoul fee o blo if he watat the shar the art r a beated insenterrrcretn and ben donder rv eter his gacted
	layer_4: the endraged husbeen wel lnoing that he should feele obloow if he watet to har the order rapeated instentyrecretid and went town tr everteor his catl
	layer_6: the enraged husbean well knowing that he should feel o blow if he waited to heare the order rapbeated instantly recreated and went town th everto his catle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his catle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: wepret dhaec etd the pooi manti cole woman and ga hervic tuas and alinim phe tized withhert in hor misportont tis pring when her has tin game to her o nolishis formoerors and hat he had abus  er withoutacause pro mist rt aomation an cheveasieved im with every mark ofvir i newwl of her offection
	layer_4: wepretactitd the poore  manticoke woman and gave her vectuals and allens empetized with heur in her mispotunt thispring when her husben came to her ac nolish his formareres and that he had abused he without acouse prowmister iformation and che recived him with every mark ofvere neull of her offection
	layer_6: we protected the poormanti cak woman and gave hervictuals and allen impatized with her in her miss portunes tilspring when her husben came to her ocnolised his formererus and that he had obused her without e cause pro mister reformation and she received him with every mark ova renewal of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor amanti ok woman and gave her victuals and allen sympatized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former eros and that he had abused her without a cause promisdter reformation and she received him with every mark ov renuwal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor amantic oak woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former erroars and that he had abused her without a cause promised her reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor anantic oak woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised her reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: te intiins was s an ancard by the a maricen offiser that the on om was scuaidge theaxetid and that a contin uins of bece was ardencyerishfor
	layer_4: the indienc wason ancsered by the amarican officer that the wnkqom wash scodyy the axcepted and that acontinuenc of bece was ardencei rishedfor
	layer_6: the indiance wers soon answered by the american offiser that the wantk wom was squordily accepted and that a continuancs of pace was ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonwom was qardily accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonum was cuardilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum was quardilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my son domiss went with them with alin's hours and carlry the goot
	layer_4: my sun tomis wrent with them with ilan's horse anmd carret the good
	layer_6: my suntomis went with them with alan's horse and carri the good
	layer_8: my san tomis went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with alan's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with alen's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: al in un fidinglat his eni mes ad gon im backta my house were he lived as betfor but off his red down they weas swon no tofite yi agrar and netes wholl madlyd res hella amsy with i s mo bat te uof ingins kam man to tak him
	layer_4: alim onfindingthat his enemies ad gone came back to my house were he lived as befor but of is ri tune they was sll noto fidhat ny agra and neils who marid reselarramsy with tis mol party of indians came ot to tak him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came barck to my house where he lived as before but of his return they wears son not tofi at niagra and netls who married recilaramse with the smol party of indians came ount to take him
	layer_8: alen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they weas son notifid at miagra and netles who married riscillar amse wth the small party of indians came oun to take him
	layer_10: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifight at niagra and netels who married priscilla ramse with the small party of indians came out to take him
	layer_12: allyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifigh at niagra and netels who married priscilla ramse with the small party of indians came out to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netels alengh abandin the chease wend horm and alin odendators camen
	layer_4: nettls at lengt abanden the chase went hom and allin olen taters camen
	layer_6: nettls at length abandin the chase went hom and alan all an taters came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and alan all antattrs came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by anning in the word hiscloure thing had becom torn indelags to lat he wash an esaffeling condition or wos naked
	layer_4: by raning in the wood his clowthing had becomepton intelags to that he wash an asaffring condition o was naked
	layer_6: by runding in the woods his clothing had become ton inteor rags to that he was in a suffering condition ol mas naked
	layer_8: by runing in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made histrousas himsaife and then bt atafht on which he wet noun teiver to his ornfless ate mon matice
	layer_4: a lin made his trousos himself and hen bilt aragft on which he wet douterever to his ounplec at mone marrice
	layer_6: alan made his trousos himself and then bild araught on which he went down the rivere to his own place at mount morice
	layer_8: allan made his trouses himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mont maris
	layer_10: allan made his trousers himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mont marris
	layer_12: allen made his trousers himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mont maurris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and inin gave himsomereesshment an igould gon wuth which he hased and on to lited berdsdon bey he found his cour
	layer_4: there and ind in gve him somerfeshment andacood gune bwith which he hased en on to littled be rdstown bur he found his cou
	layer_6: there an iniant gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on tho little beard stown where he found his co
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on tho little birds down where he found his co
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beeards town where he found his coe
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beeards town where he found his cow

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not derling to lis comser fart tat plis fuofur of bein given ou he met her but a shart visit and tkime inmediaty to gadal
	layer_4: not deareling to lis comselfat that ples for fiure of bein given up he mat her but ashat visit and caime immediatly to gado
	layer_6: not daring to ris himself at that place for fare of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to guado
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the loveofe le budy howevr eaded to his naturaeas riffness gave himsuficiencstringt tomaeus sk to his formo caseolof safty
	layer_4: the loveo liboty however ided to his natuas fifness gave himsofficienstrenct to matehes sga to his formr casll of safty
	layer_6: the love of liborty however aded to his natuao's fiffness gave him sufficient s trength to make his scae to his former casle of safty
	layer_8: the love of liberty however aded to his naturals wiffness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casle of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former casle of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his buse u as kame inmeditly temy hus whet le expected to have ound him secrited and ondhe miperdection
	layer_4: his bus ou as came immedetly to my house what the expected to have found him secreted and unde mi rtection
	layer_6: his pusseurs came immediately to my house whe they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his pusseers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his pussuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pussuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stoo lunsat the fid and doutin myv irt asity the havice ly indein brother do us his infouinceto drof from me the see could of his con seument which they had mitead that ikcansit ort of grartm artns nort only do him bttomyseis i pusist thin myigniins of hisituation and finilesy leme
	layer_4: stilansat tas fid andouting my viracity the advise my indian brother to ous his infuence too drof from me the see could of his conclment which they had  nideathar i concid aut of gratempatense nor only to him but my sess i purss sisted in mygnirence of hisituation and finileasy lef me
	layer_6: stillan satisfied and outing my varacity they adviced my indian brother to use his infuence to draw from me the seecout of his concelment which they had anidea that i condidut of great importanse no only to him but to mycess i purssisted in my agnorance of his situation and finallys he eleft me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my varacity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secet of his concealment which they had an idea that i consideut of great importance nor only to him but to my sels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally theya left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally a they left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally as they left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cimpet o my hous in the nigt and o warkne wit the greart ist cotion sering that som of his enemes miht be waching to thae im a a dime wen andin o plas war itf ol be imwasiblifor him to make his ascai
	layer_4: he camp to my house an the night and a wak me with the greartest cation fearling that some of his enemieas might be watching to theack him at a time wen and in applace where it would be impwasibl for him to make his ascap
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalk me with ha greatest caution feerling that some of his enemis might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it ould be impossible for him to makehis escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awok me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that dime ilin lea in a see cre placs in the goase a shagt distens above my lats in a wha that he acxtently found in the rok ne othirever
	layer_4: at that time alenlay in a see cri plas in the gurse a short tistanc above my lat in a hoe hat he axtently found in the rok ne othe rever
	layer_6: at that time alantlay in a secret place in the gurs a short distance above my flat in a whole that he acidently found in the rok near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulth a short distance above my flat in a hole that he accidentlly found in the rok near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in a gulf a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in ha gulf a short distance above my flat in a whole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grods hel feast afte fiest selepbyting awars the had recee for the campan and mede expodisions tor al mos tivis e aseushiand core li ne hungarian who herd resntly o pen ae reston dr wit gorvsers wittrocies
	layer_4: the pove lov grads hel fesd after feast sellibreting a wars tey had reeive for the campain and made expoditions to all mots divisar asertian car lin ne hungerion who had recently open ares jont tear with gorveses wetrcies
	layer_6: the povf love grads held feastd after feast cellebrating a wars they had received for the campin and made expeditions to all mots divisa a sertian caroling the hungerian who had reacently open a res tro der with girls as watresies
	layer_8: the pavlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campign and made expeditions to all moots do visit ascertain caroline the hungyrian who had recently opend a restuont der with girls ans waitreses
	layer_10: the povlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots dto visit a certain caroline the hungyrian who had recently opend a restaurant deer with girls and waitresses
	layer_12: the povlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mouts to visit a certin caroline the hungyrian who had recently opened a restaurant deer with girls and waitresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the gartset met ther hol marse as iffon oplajutrip pereadin they lanliness and disuplon
	layer_4: the garsed met their whole marce as tiff on a plasetrip pereading they clainlynes and disiplan
	layer_6: the guards had met their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parating they clainliness and disciplin
	layer_8: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the reacm nsait entod an leaf tetoede with their ban's ply and by the ganjus orders de men had marched al the we in staip a pragcht is anwers the gars pridy temseles the offisers on futs and otheir properpouse
	layer_4: the redgimant s ad entod and lefte tone with theie ban's pleaing and by the granjukes orders demen had marhed all the we in step appractis on which the gars praided temselvfs the officers on foots and ot their proper porse
	layer_6: the regiments had entwered and left ta tone with their bins pleaing and by the grandiks orders temen had marched all the wa an step a practes on which the guars praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left a tone with their bands pleeing and by the granduck's orders the men had marched all the wa in step a practice on which the guars prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left a town with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper polse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left a town with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper polse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bore sadben corserts a had marset all the we with bar w was ority encomindovf a compny
	layer_4: bor e sad beng qoarcerts an had marched all the we with bare whoe was oredty incommond of a company
	layer_6: bors had been quarserds and had marched all the wa with burk wh was olready in commind of a company
	layer_8: boris had been carsered and had marched all the wa with berk who was already in commind of a company
	layer_10: boris had been carserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: boris had been quarserd and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: boros ju in te campan had mity aquintens of mady parsons who my pruf useul to him and by eleso afrecumendation he had brofrompear had becomequenty wit princ andre bol concske thug whom he hopet to of teen aposet on the commandran che stouf
	layer_4: boros ju in tho campein had midy acquentons of mary persons who might prove usfu to him and by a leter af recumendation he had brogt rom per had becom aquenty with prince andrew boll consky though whom he hoped to obten apporst on the commandren chevf stuff
	layer_6: borras during the campin had mide ty acquintonce of many parsons who maight provuseful to him and by a letter of recomendation he had brought rom pier had become a quenty with prince andrew ball consqky though whom he hoped to obten a porstd on the commandrand chief staff
	layer_8: borras during the campan had made te acquentance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pier had become acquente with prince andrew balkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandran chief staff
	layer_10: borrahs during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from piere had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr an chief staff
	layer_12: borras during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander an chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: bark and poras haing rested af t yesthes march were sising cleen andnitly drest a t a rontaple in the clein quorters a lotid so them playin chaes
	layer_4: burk and bores hudding rested after yeseidies march were siting clen and nidly dresst at a rontable in the clen quarters a lotid to them plan chess
	layer_6: burk and boras hading rested after yesties march were sitting clean ad neadly dressed at a roune teble in the cleen quaters a loty to them plain chess
	layer_8: burk and borras haing rested after yesterdy's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: berk and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: berk and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: wel hor youguenso gisas of that e heu remart
	layer_4: well howa you cent togittters of that he remart
	layer_6: well how are you goon' to get ut of thats he remart
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at thatmaoment dor opent
	layer_4: at that momen the door opent
	layer_6: at that momen the door opens
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me ha you hat chagst
	layer_4: doear me h you have chaged
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he was abigto inbrat his friens but neclese a vided he
	layer_4: he was thabat to imbrat hes frens but nicless avoided hem
	layer_6: he was thabout to imbrace his friends but nikless avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to embrace his friends but nicolas avoided hem
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: he want ed apent him pus hoim do anithing bet cissim a thing everboty derd
	layer_4: he wanty a pintim pus him do anything but ckisim a thing everybody ded
	layer_6: he want he topenc him push him do anything but kisse him a thing everybody did
	layer_8: he wante to pench him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not was standyg der sporse imbraced om an a quight frenly wey an kis himthree times
	layer_4: but not wastanding ne spors im braced om an a quit friendly we and kisd him threetimes
	layer_6: but not withstanding tes sporrs embraced him an a quiete friendly wa and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ter sborrus embraced him ind a quiet friendly wi and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding thesborrus embraced him in a quiet friendly wi and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding thers sborrus embraced him in a quiet friendly wig and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: the had not mat frnealy halfy yar an bing ot the age we young mentete a forstaps ond lacs rod et sao imen henges an the other quit an dew reflation aof the susity ind whers the hat sakin os for steps
	layer_4: they had not mat for nealyn hal r year and bing a the age when young mantet ha fir steps ond lafs rod each saow imman chnges an the other quate er new reflection of the socity in whers te hadtaken nes fiur steps
	layer_6: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young mant yt hi firt steps and lifes rod each sa imened changes in the other quate a new reflection of the society in which they hataken nose fir steps
	layer_8: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men ti their first steps ond lifesroads each saw imenged changes tan the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on liferoads each saw immense changes an the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on liferoads each saw immense changes an the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i dit not expe utode heiteds
	layer_4: i did not expetuto y he aded
	layer_6: i did not expet yu to dy he added
	layer_8: i did not expent you stody he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you today he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you no of coursat his impeliau hiness roard withi reate men all the time sa that we ad every conmfort t in everyatdfvantiege
	layer_4: you kno of cour eet his impearlia hignes roud with our redgiman all the time so that wehad every confort an every advantege
	layer_6: you know of course hat his impelial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that wehad every conforet ind every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course that his imperial highness rued with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness rued with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rued with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what recetions we had in polles
	layer_4: what resetions we had emparlos
	layer_6: what receptions we had inpolans
	layer_8: what receptions we had imporlans
	layer_10: what receptions we had imporland
	layer_12: what receptions we had imporland

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what dinersan balls i cantteloo
	layer_4: what dinnears and ballvs i canttelyou
	layer_6: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: o you gard said rostof i sy sepe som whin
	layer_4: o you gar said rostoff i sy seva som wine
	layer_6: o you gard said rostoff i say sever some wine
	layer_8: ol you guard said rostov i say sevrs on wine
	layer_10: oh you gard said rostov i say sever san wine
	layer_12: oh you gard said rostov i say severson wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went wo is bed drughapparsemun to the cleen pillow and sent for win
	layer_4: he went two his bed drew apars on dtor the cleen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a parsh om under the cleanm pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parshom under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sin i have som mony on o lers tocgif ou he adet
	layer_4: yesini have so money an alectes to gif you he adit
	layer_6: yes and i have some money and alecers to give you he ad ets
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in a letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and o letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money an a letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al dot mantion at kont a quate hand de stiansid borke getting op in speck in a mufulding gutravoice
	layer_4: oll don't mentionat cont i quate und de stan sad boke getting up in speacking and a muffuledand gotter  voice
	layer_6: oll don't mention ate con't i quate understand said bok getting up in speaking and a muffled and gutteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at cont i quaite understand said boue getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said beg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said beg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gr ctros tou arhose theinvitidyou ided borrs
	layer_4: gor ctros to or hose the invaitid you aded boros
	layer_6: gorcross tou our horse the invited you aded borrus
	layer_8: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: go across to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_12: go across to our horse they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: brk wit on the ceenist of cos withi te spogt or spakce of dust stid pefor a lookin glus and brushto here on his temples ut wors and the way affaghty by the anmper alle sander and having insurthimself rom the wer rust of lok tateits that his couted be notest lefte rim er the plasit smil
	layer_4: burk wet on the clenest of coatse withoiu o spot or spak of dost sti before a looking glas and brushd to here on his temples upwords ind the way affacty by the emper alegxinder and having insurd himsel from the wa rost of look tartit that his coated bee notest lefte romber the plasat smile
	layer_6: burk bit on the cleenest of couts without a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd tho hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper allexinder and having insured himself from the wea rost of lookd artit that his court had bee notiset left the room of the plasnt smile
	layer_8: berk pit on the ceanest of couts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked artite that his cot had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked artit that his coat had been noticed left the room oit he pleasant smile
	layer_12: ber put on the cleanest of coarts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked artit that his coat had been noticed left the room ith the pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: o der was o beast or mute rostr fac e red de larter why
	layer_4: o dear was a bease t ao mutted rostoff ace read telater why
	layer_6: o dear was a beast i a muttared rostof as ehe red the latter why
	layer_8: oh dear whats a beast i a muttered rostoff as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well haf you sent gavbriforso wi alrit laics halveso
	layer_4: well have you sent gabry al for som white al right lace have som
	layer_6: well have you sant geabrio for some white ol right lace have some
	layer_8: well have you sent geabrio for some wite all right leycs have some
	layer_10: well have you sant gebriel for some white all right they's have some
	layer_12: well have you sant gebriel for some white all wright they's have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and elecifrom his parents was anclsthelets of recumandation to bygratiuon wher s the ol crontarsed anamecaolof nes advice had obtain tfrou an aquintens and santo ere son asce imt takito is destinetion and meku sof it
	layer_4: and theleshifrom his parence was incluse e let of recumendeation to bygretion where s te aolld contarsid anemycllovness advice had obtene throug an acquentens and sento her son askiimttiaket to its destinetion and meke use of it
	layer_6: ind ne lesser from his parents was enclosed tha leter of recomendation to bagrition which the old contersad anamicaluvener's advice had obtin throughan acquintance and sent to her son askhim to take it to its destinition and mike use of it
	layer_8: in the letture from his parente was enclusedta letter of recommendation to begrecian which the old countess at anamicalovna's advice had obtained throg an acquintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bigrecian which the old countess at ana mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bigrecian which the old countess at anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: whiivf yoe thro w nat away asporse
	layer_4: why ave yoe thro not away as porise
	layer_6: why have you throw nat away askedborrus
	layer_8: why have you throw nhat away asked baris
	layer_10: why have yo thrown that away asked boris
	layer_12: why have yo thrown that away asked boris

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: nt is some lets wer reckmende shoen what t e devele to y wontiv for
	layer_4: int its somelete of reckmende sion what the devile to i wontive fore
	layer_6: in is some letser of recomindetian what tha devil do i want it for
	layer_8: in is some letter of recomendati an what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recommendatian what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recommendatian what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he leketontently uni cuianly ito his frends eyse evat nant y trigin vene to find the an si to som question
	layer_4: he looked entently uningquiranly into his friends eys evidently tryingin ben to fined the ancito some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquiranelly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vin to find the anserto some question
	layer_8: he looked intently aninquirngly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vin to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which yu be leveet kice i was nostet shall ar larnd whirs i knew i warsh rit
	layer_4: which yoe be leve it count i was nost ad sol ar larmed whos i knew i wash right
	layer_6: which you believe it con't i was not o tall alarmed whos i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe at count i was not att all alarmed whos i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed case i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe at count i was not at all alarmed case i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i kim for wart berksto d up and shold howe he prosanted himself with his handt who his cap and rally t wouldi ben difficlt for afacst eexpres greatu re spat and slf complacencse than hisdeds
	layer_4: i kim forwart berkstoodop and should how he presanted himself with his handtwo his cap and rally it would had ben difficalt for a face to express greate respect and self complacencey then hisderd
	layer_6: i came forward berksthood op and shoould how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hae ben difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacancy than hisdidt
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and shwled how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: welle he stomdat me ase sing s stond and stamed and stormd
	layer_4: well he stondat me ase sing is stoned and stoned and stoned
	layer_6: well he stonmed at me as the sing is stomed and stormed and stond
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as the sing is stormed and stormed and stoed
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the siing is staed and staed and staed
	layer_12: well he starmed at me as the saing is stalmed and starmed and stared

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it wis notamats of life bet ratr of deth ha tesenrs
	layer_4: it was not e mato of lif but rader of death as te seing rs
	layer_6: it was not a mauter of life but rathe of death as the singis
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seingis
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the sgngirs
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the siingis

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: a beaians and devels an two si be ariar said bark wit the sugatious smy
	layer_4: i'l badiens and devals and two si bearia said burk with a sugatious smie
	layer_6: i'lbedians and devols and two sibria said burk with a segicious smile
	layer_8: albedians and devils and two cibria said burg with a sagecious smile
	layer_10: albedians and devils and two siberia said byrg with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albedians and devils and two siberia said byrg with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: stil i remeinse silent at what you thin cit
	layer_4: still i remein silent at what you think kout
	layer_6: still i remean silent at what do you think cot
	layer_8: still i remain silent ad what do you think kot
	layer_10: still thi remain silent ad what do you think kot
	layer_12: still i remain silent nd what do you think kote

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the nake te it was not evin mentid an the ardrs of tode
	layer_4: the nae stey it was not iveinmentiond in the ordece of the dy
	layer_6: the next da it was not even mentione in the ourders of the dea
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dea
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dea
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dea

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thats the wa cot said bark liting his pipe and ey miting rings af smok
	layer_4: that's the we cont said burg laghting his pipe and imiting rings a smok
	layer_6: that's the we cont said burg lating his pape and imitting rings ar smalk
	layer_8: that's the wee cont said burg lating his pipe and emitting rings a smolk
	layer_10: that's the wee coat said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smok
	layer_12: that's the wee coat said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yres thigt was fains id rosto smyily
	layer_4: yars thigt was faincs ind rostof smilyng
	layer_6: yes that was fincs id rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine said rostofv smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drust ot with a srese foll young mane and wild  no ate hof todte di liprat ly
	layer_4: rost omt with a chrusfull young man and woud o no a cant hae tolt e di liperat liy
	layer_6: drost op with a trotful young man and wit o knew a cait have tald the deliperate lie
	layer_8: drostop with a trueful young man and wit o new cat have tolgd tha deliberate life
	layer_10: rostoff with a truthful young man and would on noacaet have tot te deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostoff with a truthful young man and would on noa caet have tolt ta deliberate life

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storyt menin to telt e r thain juses at happent be inpersetsbly in vol an trly and inevit ibly helapst ince of falsut
	layer_4: he began his storit manng to tellt ever thin juses at happend bet impercetably invull enterily an inevitably he loapstant o fallsut
	layer_6: he began his storyi meaning to tell everthing justas at happened but inpercetibly involuntarrily and inevitably he allapsed an to fallsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince andro whou lighto help yon men was flosere by be as for his escistans and been wel dhe spos to warse boris who hand manished to ple sim to deea befor he wish todo what you myn wantiet
	layer_4: prince andre who light to help young man was flatered by beng as for hes assistanc and beeing welld dispose to wars boras who had manished to ple semded a before he wished to doyo what young mon onted
	layer_6: prince andrew who light to help young men was flatted by being asked for hes assistance and being well dispose to wars borrus who had managhed to pleade him theday before he wishe to do what the young min wantied
	layer_8: prince andrew who lihed to help young men was flatted by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towars baras who had managed to please him theday before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: isspahte a prince andges disugryablr i ronical tone is spate oft the contat with whitch rostoff from his fating arme pint of y regarded alesleattl agidsnts on the stargh of home te new comr was eviranly wone rosto fel confset belushed and becam silent
	layer_4: is spate a prince andres disegreabore i ronical tun ispate of the contame with which rostoff from his fagting army point of yeuw regarded altheseltl agiance on the stagh of hem the new comeo was evidently one rostof felt confused belushed and becime silent
	layer_6: is spate of prince andrwes disagreeaboe a ronical tun i spaite of the content with which rostoff from his fating army point of iew regardied all these little agitance on the staff of hom the new comeer was evidently one rost off felt confused bulushed and becme silent
	layer_8: in spaite of prince andrew's disagreeable i ronical tone in spaite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regardied all these little adgitancs on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently wone rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrews disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contemt with which rostovf from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contemt with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: borsin quied what ese ther might be on destauff and watce witheou indiscression one my askubyth ur plins
	layer_4: bore as in quied what knwse ther might be on dhestuf and wate with ough indiscression one my askabot ur plains
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be ondestaff and wat with ou indiscretion one may askabout our plans
	layer_8: borras inquired what news there might be under staff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_10: boras inquired what news there might be on the staff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_12: boras inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one may ask about our plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we sharl promably adfanse replid bol coskye evitently relouct it to eem more in e presens of a strangere
	layer_4: we shall promably adfandce replied bocosket evidently reluced et to seem more and te presonce of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall promably advance replied bocoskit evidently reluctet to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctetd to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bokovski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: barctout the oprcshiniti tor ask with great polighteness where thar as was remord the alio ins o forage mone to captence of compani swu bedoubleds
	layer_4: burctat the opprtinity to ask with great olightness where ther as was remerst the alowince of forage monee to captince of compani s whu be doubled
	layer_6: berk at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherethe as was rumeresd the allowancs of forege money to captaince of companies whu be doubled
	layer_8: berkd at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumouresd the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_10: berke at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wheethe as was rumorsd the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: berkd at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherether as was rumord the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i wastheare sad rostof anglalr as if intenyto in selt the i decomp
	layer_4: i was sther sed rost of andgrial as if inteny to in sout the idecamp
	layer_6: i wash sther sid rost of angri as if intending to insault the ad decamp
	layer_8: i was sther said rostov angryl as if intending to insult they ad de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: rthe sligntly contenstyus smyol he said yees that i many stois nho tol thorw at thatafar
	layer_4: wit a slently contemptius smy on he said yes that i many stories now toll he bat thattorfeer
	layer_6: with a slointly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no toll herbout that efere
	layer_8: with a sloutly contemptus smile he said yes that i many story is no taldtabot that affear
	layer_10: with a slihtly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stores no told about that affair
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories no told about that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but ourstoys of the stoys of man whog apen onto the enimis fire
	layer_4: but our storys o the stois of man who hapin undte the enmis fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the storyes of men who have been uner the enemy's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: orstoris have son wits not like the stloris of thous falows on the staf who get rewas ofi tho doin inthy
	layer_4: ier storis halve some wets not like the stlhories of thous fellows on the staf who get rewas without doing enothing
	layer_6: our storis halve some weet not like the stlories of those fellows on the starf who get rewais without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some wheet not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: ho ever he atedrisy you nor my kneme and werto fin me be dogt foget th i donot re gad i the my self or you as havimg beni sall in sultes and as ta man ald tof than you my ad vicees tillait the matr drop
	layer_4: however he aded risy you kno my name and were to fi me bedon'ht foget tha i donot regod i thet myself or you as having been attoll in sulted and as ta man ol ther than you my hadvices till it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and weare to find me bu don't forget that i do not regad ither myself or you as having been att all in salted and as a man alder than you my advices to let the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man olther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclame prince aundre and was a botef them borth he wensthots
	layer_4: excleem prince andrw and wath a boauto them borth he wentot
	layer_6: exclem prince andrew and with the boaht of them both he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with ha boat of them both he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: ad he wasto more an ret having a mit e tos sais
	layer_4: an he was ste more angreat having a mityd to sairs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angryt having omity to sars
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omited to sers
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to ss
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sas

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arted his hearse at was and caldly sekunlyefe abors roc hom
	layer_4: he arded his harse at ons and caldly takingleve aboris rod home
	layer_6: he arded his harse at ons and caldly taking leave a borrs rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave abaras rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bors rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave af baras rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: sheld he gao s to had qarsors noakety and chaownygs ther r fahted agitent a rely let the matter drop was the quession hat waidt him all the we
	layer_4: should hegost to head quates nakxty and chalnige thaut affated agitent a raly let the matter drop wats the quession that woyd him all the wee
	layer_6: should he go to head quarters nexty and challaged tha affated agitant or really let the mitter drop was tequestion that waid him all the w
	layer_8: should he gos toheadquarters next day and chalnge that affated adjutant or really let the mater drop was the question that waraihed him all the we
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and challnge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the wa
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challnge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the wa

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was lons insu rustushad nes of nicse
	layer_4: it was longs incorosto sad newse of niclse
	layer_6: it was longs in eerrostos had news of niklus
	layer_8: it was long sinc sr rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long sinc  rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since  rostos had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not il mit wentr was the contat liast handed  later a dressen his sunds hand raty
	layer_4: not till mid wenter was the contat last handid ar later ad dress an his sons hand rating
	layer_6: not tillmidwinter was the count at last handed a letter addresse and his son's hand rating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receeving its he ranon tip t  to his study and alarm and hast tr intyo huskeap notes clost te dore and beginto red dilleter
	layer_4: on receiving its he ranon tip t to his study and a larm and hasd trinedto oeskape notes closd te door and beginto redileter
	layer_6: on receiving its he ran on tip t to his study and a larm and haste tring to rescape notice close the door and begin to redolatter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study ind alarm and haste trying to escape notice close the door and began to rethe laetter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tin ot thes hense begunto met the trenteis antius an sheglinst un esilly at the tonte and itd anrmmecoloner the lser very adroitly tund de comvercation to insecniviced maters
	layer_4: eash tine tat these hense begun to meet the coneters anxious and she glansd uneasillhy at the cont and it anrmicolloveno the later very addroitly turndeconverscetion to insignivicent matters
	layer_6: each tine tat these hence began to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and ad ani micalovno the latter very adroytly turned te convercetion to ensignificante matters
	layer_8: each tine hat these hencs begun to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at ane mikalovno the latter very adroely tuned te conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikilovna the latter very adroetly turned tho conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents begun to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroetly turned tho conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: but for gort seay be kerfuor you kno hort me affactyour mma
	layer_4: but for gon sea be cirefulr you kno herd me affect your mma
	layer_6: but forgon see be kareful you know hot me affect your mama
	layer_8: but for gonds s be careful you know hert me affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for gond'e be careful you know her nt mey effect your mamma
	layer_12: but for gond's se be careful you know her ant mey affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no al my so wart of oner said thetasha crussing herself i wat tel any wone
	layer_4: no a my too ward of oner said te tasha crossing herself i wanttell any one
	layer_6: no on my tre wart of honour said nhe tasha crussing herself i want tell any one
	layer_8: no a my tre word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_10: no arme my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_12: no am my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ind she rano at wose thoe so your
	layer_4: and she ran o at once to sonyu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to son yu
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sono
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonyia
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonya

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: shea rushd to son yoer hank the and begand to cri
	layer_4: she arushed to sonyur hoked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushd to sonye howked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sona houked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to soniya hocked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonia hocked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: is too te all you wimen act ri ba besi ort petyur passeng he room ith laige resil eit strites
	layer_4: is too the all you wimen u cry be be sho art peiur pssing the roomet lage resilite stridts
	layer_6: it's to the all you woman ae crybebi tfro mark petu pessing the room ath large resalate strites
	layer_8: it's tro that all you women are cry bbis remarked petia pessing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's tru that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolnte straits
	layer_12: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolante straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: youre al blubers an an distaine notin
	layer_4: youre al bluberes and and destan nothing
	layer_6: you'r all blubberes and undirstand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubberrs and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubberers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tashous smyl throu heartrs
	layer_4: the tasious smile through her tears
	layer_6: the tashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smile through her tears
	layer_10: natashes smile through her tears
	layer_12: natashes smile through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasty brits the or
	layer_4: what nasty briots the aore
	layer_6: what nasy brits the ar
	layer_8: what nasty brts the are
	layer_10: what nasty brits they are
	layer_12: what nasty brits they are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: holldye tunpitter what a go syou ar
	layer_4: hold you tumpito what a gooe you are
	layer_6: hold your ton pitte what a gous you are
	layer_8: hold your tonge piter what a gooh you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue piter what a goose you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue piter what a goose you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smileds to i remember ty clus
	layer_4: son you smils do i rememberd ney clus
	layer_6: sonya smileds do i rememberd ne clus
	layer_8: sonya smiles do i remember niclas
	layer_10: sonya smiles do i remember niklas
	layer_12: sonya smiles do i remember niclas

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i d amenben nicaoling to t irmem br himn well shes said
	layer_4: i amembe necallaing o too i remember im well she said
	layer_6: i n amember nicolenor two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut heriyse
	layer_4: no she shut heriese
	layer_6: no she shut her eyese
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she fel thet sun yor was speaking a tuth that thet wrs such love r swnyor was speaking of
	layer_4: she felt that son yar wars speking to truth that tht worst such love a sonyr ware speking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya wase speaking tho truth that the was such love a sognya wae speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonia was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonia was speaking off
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: she pelieaved a could be but didnor und destandets
	layer_4: she believed hat could be but did no undestand its
	layer_6: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: sha you wrigt to him she ast
	layer_4: sha you wreat to him she ast
	layer_6: shall you wrait to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you wraite to hem she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to hem she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to hem she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: na thet he was lready an officer and a wounded hear whuldit be rigto remint him a firself ind asit mihte sem of the upligations to ho he hataken on himself
	layer_4: no that he was allready an officer and a wunded hero wild it be righto remint him of erself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and i winded hero would it be rite to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i tot no
	layer_4: i o't kno
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: sui you smilds no
	layer_4: so you smiles no
	layer_6: sowye smiles no
	layer_8: sayou smiles no
	layer_10: saw y smiles no
	layer_12: saw y smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becule she was an loe withoaut fat on his speto cals that was oir pithuare descried his ne amsak the new cot bis ucof ad no shes an loewiththoiu sgyur he met natashes it tlin seen master dhas wishes tar shend
	layer_4: is becaone she was an loe withthoat fat one his spet icals that was o piture descred his nem stik the knew count bisucoff and now shes an loe with ou singoer he mednatashes it toan seegm master dhat swy he's ta shened
	layer_6: its becaune she was in lobe withthat fat one is spectacles that was tho peture descrayed his neamsack the new cout bazukoff and now she's an love with thout singer he med natashes atalliyan singing master that swhit she's asheaned
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was hor piture discried his namesake the new cout bizukov and now she's in love with that singer he meade natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pictur described his namesak the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he mete natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her picter described his namesak the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he met natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: patt rc youra stcuped said hetash
	layer_4: petu youreschuperd said etashar
	layer_6: petu yourerestipid said netasha
	layer_8: pee you'r a stupid said natasha
	layer_10: peto you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: pete you're stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the con tessait be prepard by animecolofes heas at denner
	layer_4: the conter s aid ben propeared by anemy coloveness hents at denner
	layer_6: the countes had been prepeared by animicalovenous hens at denner
	layer_8: the counttess had been prepared by anami kalovn's hints at denne
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by ana mikalovna's hints at denno
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by ana mikalovna's hints at deno

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: o retiring to her on room she satin an arncr her eis siks t on himanitch apportret ovor sun on the litd of a snougf boks while th tears cet comninto her eis
	layer_4: on retiring to her on room she satidan armcheere her eys fixsd on i manuchapportrat ov er sun on the lid of a snogh boks while the ters kept coming into her eys
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she satin an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a menutae port trat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a menature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a minature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniture portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cots pithis a tof the ke hal and lessend
	layer_4: the cots prit is ear to the kyhole and lessent
	layer_6: the cots prit his ear to the keyhale and lissend
	layer_8: the cots pret his ear to the keyhol and lesstened
	layer_10: the cotc put his ear to the keyhole and lessened
	layer_12: the cot put his ear to the keyhole and lessened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at firse e heare to sond of idiffernt voicies then anname callovine's foce alon an a long spech then a cry then silans then bloth foice hes together with glid intinetions and then fout steps
	layer_4: at firsce hear te sond of indifferent voicies then anamycaloveines voice alon an a long speech then a cry then siolance then both foices together with gld intineations and then foit steps
	layer_6: at first he heard ta souned of indifferent voicies then anemica lovener's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intenations and then footsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intenations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intenations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: anemby olo nor open tetdor
	layer_4: animmy coloeno open the door
	layer_6: anemicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: animi kalovna opened the door
	layer_10: animikalovna opened the door
	layer_12: anamikalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: wen she herti sony a bloushed so that sers kiem into her eis and un abill to ber the lugs turnde pon her ranawy into the dansi hal whor o d rind es at fil speedt with har dres poft ortli cabuloun and flushed and smily pluptd die on teflor
	layer_4: when she heardtes sona blushed so that ters kiminto her eys and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran awe into the dancing hol wher owld rindet at fill sped with her drasst poftout li cabeloone and flushed and smilyn pluped din on te floor
	layer_6: when she heard dthiss sonya blushed so that ters came into her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall where old rined it at fill speed with her dress paffed outli ca baloon and flushed and smiling plupped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard thirs sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirold round it at full speed with her dress poffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the cune ters was crain
	layer_4: the conters was crayng
	layer_6: the countese was crying
	layer_8: the countess was crying
	layer_10: the comntess was crying
	layer_12: the contess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: forom al he says on shuld begli dad not cri
	layer_4: from ar he says onet should beglad ad not cry
	layer_6: from a he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from awl he say s one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he says one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: ho chrminly he di sgribe said she wuding te descrept of partoi the leter and wat a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he desgryb said she wredding the disgrep t hove part of the leter and what a sul
	layer_6: how charmingly he discrabe said she reading the discript ive part of the letter and what a sa
	layer_8: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a sul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a saul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i alwes said when he was ony so hy i al was sait
	layer_4: i alwase said when he was only so high i all was said
	layer_6: i allways said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i have en told thaut misthervembrat is in preusen for det i said
	layer_4: i have en toled that mister vembrat is inpreson for det i said
	layer_6: i hav been told that mister vambrant is in presen for debt i said
	layer_8: i hae been told that mister vambrante is in prisent for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vambrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister vambrant is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i solformy self last nig the hehd lefh dyou hoplis
	layer_4: and i sol fr myself lasst night that he had lef you hopeles
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hoples
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: cu afh me the little mony he had withim woen he was arested she recoin saply
	layer_4: kinlefh me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she recoing sadly
	layer_6: gi lef me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his cruo cretiteres a mort toblain dhe he is fort the poverty that his fallanoneus
	layer_4: his crel crediders an more tobland in he is for the poverty that his fallan onus
	layer_6: his cruel credators are more to blaned han he is for the povety that his fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blane than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even tiss nageten to fencsof then brat stonemy to the quik i oto havesbokin wore gartesly of him my sait bierly
	layer_4: even teis naggedene to fence of tn brapt stune me to the quick i ouht to have spoken wore gardedly of him y said biterly
	layer_6: even this neggedent ofense of tan brape stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more gardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this neggatant defenceive anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negative defence ofe anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negative defence ofe vanbramt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more eguardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i asto haver memberd that a wiomin cin for gav amol s an rong than a mam can in softn her when hears an man who she lehs
	layer_4: i out to have r membered that a woman kin forgaive almost any rong than a man can an sikd on her when he s than man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man can an slioed on her when he s he man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslict on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can inflict on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can inflict on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplet her heand omy mouth and stoptme thefori co sayiany more
	layer_4: she letd her hand o my mouth and stot mne tbefor i could say any more
	layer_6: she plut her hand on my mouth and stoppme before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stoped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: haking s biek so crulis ome cshe ast
	layer_4: haking yous bek so cruly some she ast
	layer_6: how kang you seak so cruwly to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you now to my shame i confestithyu the las tme wy mt you kno tha my heart an secrit is all yors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i canfest it  you the last me we met you kno that my heart an secrit is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confesst it to you the last thome we met you know that my heart an secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what brong a yo taking o
	layer_4: what rong a you taking o
	layer_6: whant brong are ou talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the ro a suffered wenvan brat maride ne with e wife living at the tin and lvhing sti
	layer_4: is it the rog i suffered when ven brant mariede me with a wife living at the time and living stil
	layer_6: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: deyous think kcenovr foreget the great a sortiono my life the misporncian that hus maenme ounmwor the of you
	layer_4: d eoue think i canoveer forget the greatnessfortion of my life the misportun that has made me unwore the of you
	layer_6: do you think i canoever forget the great mnesfortion of my life the misforton that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i cannever forget the great misfortiuon of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no faglt of mined god nows but it his not the les tr that i a not maryd and that the lttl jarling wo was plaing out there with her dalt as my child
	layer_4: it is no falt of mined god knows but it is not the les true that i am not marid and that the little jarling who was plaing out ther with her dal os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault ovf mine god nos but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was plaing out there with her doall oaws my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll owes my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll owes my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and yu tol of my bin your wi noing tat the chald ex seps me aus er secon father i sad
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife nowing that the chaled excepts me as her second father i sad
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child acceps me as her sicond father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it woul be better and hap bear for asboth if hou hat as little prid as af chilt pri she repede
	layer_4: it would be better and hapyar for us both if you had as little pried as a child prid she repeti
	layer_6: it would be better an hapyer for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and hapier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in suchapos ision its mi
	layer_4: in such a position as mine
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: e helples womin with the mok uspeen in prusen fordet
	layer_4: a helbless women with tha mak husbeen an prison for det
	layer_6: a helpbless woman with the mack husband in prison for det
	layer_8: a helpeless woman with the mock husband ind prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: ant m ih to mary you fomy het an shelter
	layer_4: ant mih to marry you for my foout an shalther
	layer_6: i mi to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: ind mita maryyou becuser's noll loul ti that bi ance we to the father my child
	layer_4: ind mig to marr you becaus theirs no lowfl tid that by ancs me to the father of my child
	layer_6: ind my to marry you because thereis no lawful tiye that byancs mee to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there is no lawfull tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: bat is he s he his not for saken me he is been forstaway
	layer_4: boat is he is he his not for saken me he his been forse taway
	layer_6: bat as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: mayt onwy friend is tat possipl that youththinkhe ungray ful anough to consen to beyar wife
	layer_4: miht only frient is it possible that you think e ungreaful anough to concent to be yar wife
	layer_6: myght only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the womin in mi setoation must be hatlis anded who kou destoryoar place in the astimation of t e wrld in the regart of e frence
	layer_4: the women in my sutuation must be heartless indd who coud destroy er place an the astimation of the world in the regard of ye frience
	layer_6: the woman and my sutuation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy or place in the estimation of the world in the regard of you friends
	layer_8: the woman ind my situation must be heartless indeed who coul destroy your place in the estimation of the world in the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world an the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world in the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: the reciedes cpreetur thout waxsastredtso whic ring from truding euan thout way
	layer_4: theug recthoed its creathure that walkestreds which srink from tritting you in that way
	layer_6: theh rechudus creature that walks he streeds whuch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedess creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedes creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedess creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: a whatter mhen meat uf
	layer_4: o whater men madof
	layer_6: noh what er men made o
	layer_8: noh what are men made of
	layer_10: no what are men made of
	layer_12: no what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: om can you hro tangio speak of e
	layer_4: hi can you h'l tang you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how cang you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yeul ded an spokeof it no more
	layer_4: ai yuel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: i yul did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yel did and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wor she uttered only ingcris my avdemiration of the noble creture whom ive had lopt and lost
	layer_4: every word she uttered anly incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loped and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: buterly as i haded te man wom e paredut and lotr dyurly anough to be evhen kapeble of phoping him for her sake holesinvactuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who aparted ust i love her dearly anough to be even capable of halping him for her sake hopless anvacuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless indvatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: ai do't do nigd i dont exkusit holes ind bacuation you havfor give me i said
	layer_4: i don't doni et i don' excuseit hopless in baturation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless an vatugation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invaturation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invaturation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat mad deserof to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deser ovf to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it a sumthintod bear on friend
	layer_4: it as somthingto be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be ur only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must hev plancsefer tha hutur telm me unreserevedly how i cinheupou
	layer_4: you must havp plauncs for the huture tell me unreservidly how i can heopou
	layer_6: you must have plauncs wfor the future tell me unreservidly how i can helpe you
	layer_8: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: compled the goed wore that yu hae begon sheanswer gratfuly healt me bct to heuf
	layer_4: compled thi good work that you have tbegun she answer gratfully hel me backd to helf
	layer_6: conpled the good work that you have begun she answered greatfully help me back to halth
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: makeme strogginof to suid mit to a docters estimit of mychenc sofflivhing for somiyarsiet
	layer_4: nake me stronginofh to sidmit to adocters estimet of my chensisomliving for some yarsyet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to sumit to a doctor's estimat of my chancs of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doctrs asto mit of yeur cancees ofvliving arrepetid wheadou men
	layer_4: a docters astimate of your chancees of living i repetid whad you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hearely now had tellu she said withot sbeking again of mistherfen brent
	layer_4: i harly now had to tell you she said without sbeking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know howd to tell you she said without seaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tispeking of him agannin spicing of histetsiy st
	layer_4: tes peaking of him again nean speking of his det si ast
	layer_6: thispeaking of him again mean speaking of his dets i ased
	layer_8: dis speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: tes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: tes speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: why mei yo haitet
	layer_4: why mee do haditape
	layer_6: why me do heatape
	layer_8: why men yo heitapte
	layer_10: why mea you heitate
	layer_12: why meed yo hesitate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know that thers nothing hav wl not tu to aleave yur ings itiyg
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing i will not dou to a leved yoor in sity
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieave your insietie
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to releve your anxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: neer lat we telly the ptlanteo
	layer_4: negher let me tall you te plan troue
	layer_6: never let me tall you a plain tru
	layer_8: never let me tell you a plain tru
	layer_10: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you a plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: thers a serius mesusit per his geting out of presen
	layer_4: there es a serius nesusity for his geting out of prison
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes thisus his position in tow wrts a littal walsencsehe a tanden exsl an offoer of en ploiman abrod themarrich rello thive af his and heahd man al his arangemens toxcupti
	layer_4: yes this is his position intwo words a little wil sence he atained en exceland offer of in ploimen abrod trom mar rich rellitive of his and he had man all his arangemens to excuptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little wile sense he abtained an excellent offer of empoiyment a broad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had maine all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: hapaly he ereturnt tll i of is goivforcion an isainmg day he was a rested for dect
	layer_4: an hapily he  returne  tely of is good forton and same day he was arested for dept
	layer_6: anhappily he returned to telme of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for det
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this narnd that had beenset for her wits plaing le reofveld in tust warewrrtes
	layer_4: thes narid that had been set for her with cplainly revild in hos warwords
	layer_6: the snar that had been set for her wits plainly revealed in those fwarwords
	layer_8: the snar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those war words
	layer_10: the smar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those war words
	layer_12: the snar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those war words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ig of the la she was of courss a sendge women she was of aige she was to alantens ad perpices her own mistret
	layer_4: in the i of the la she was of course assengl women she was of aitage she was to all antenseand perposes her own mistres
	layer_6: in the eye of the lo she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intens and purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there teerevont herfom aind shuring hreligf if shepleasd and fromso doisposing of the insurans a ste gad fam bret a to rect inthrist in her deat
	layer_4: what was there to grevrent her from in shuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns as ty give fam bran a tdo rect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to grevent her from inshuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns as to gie fampera ad direct intereset in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fampera a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insurring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fampa a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: things to the happe axsidn of myphisicion the one sertan way a pretecting her ly easanly with e mar rach
	layer_4: things to the happy aciden of myposition theg one certain way a protecting her lay easinly with themyrrech
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easinly with ti my reach
	layer_8: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easinly within my reach
	layer_10: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i coud offor to len the scoundr the mony t a he worntet en an huris notes and heuwasamanto excepmy repos ale quit tots asalyi as i cood maket
	layer_4: i could offer to len the scoundral the money that he wanted an an ouris notis an he was amanto except m preposeall quite tits easily as i could mak it
	layer_6: i could offerd to len the scoundrel the money that he wanted an an ours notice and he was a man to except my proposal quite tats easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a man to axcept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you r quit wasdiken a replied
	layer_4: you are quit mis daken er repliede
	layer_6: you are quite mis taken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: i amonly dowting whethyr plimefher releaving niserven brant of his einbarsnencs is quitesussimplease suppose
	layer_4: i amonly doubting whathey or plimed for releaving nisstre van brant of his imbersmence is quitese simpolas y suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your pliun for relieving mister van brant of his embarassments is quite sa sympleosy suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plim for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plam for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as yo suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plam for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as yo suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i youa war of the de lays that er liely to take place before ible ye possible t o brm monying e palse oveend shurentc
	layer_4: ie you iawere of the dela e that ar likely to take place before ible ye possible to barw money in apolicy fan curnce
	layer_6: are you aware of the delaye that are likely to take place before itwill be possible to barw money on yar policy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of ensurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of ensurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i knon noting about t she said sadly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wie yoe let me ast id vice of mytlorse
	layer_4: wi you let me ased idvice of my tlowirs
	layer_6: wil you let me asked advice of my lowyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask t advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are crust wery anexsberiians men and im sr they con beovf hu s tu
	layer_4: they are trust wharly anexpearioancet men and i am sure they con be of use t you
	layer_6: they are trust wertly unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustwartly anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy un experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy an experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: casius sly as i had xpest myself her dele cesey tock te alarm
	layer_4: casiously as i had expesstd myself her delicassy took the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicay took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promaisat you wolnt asnmy to baro mony of ou frmischer em branc he r joind and owil exsep to helpd grapuly
	layer_4: promis hat you won't aske me to barw money of ou for mister vem branch she wrejoind and o wil excep your helpd grapully
	layer_6: promise that you won't asked me to barow money of you for mister venbranc she rejoined and i will axcept your help gratfully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbrand she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van branc she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i cold oaniusly pomans tact
	layer_4: i could honisly promas thack
	layer_6: i could honesly promics that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my on chencs of saeving herlaykeeping from her nallge to corser a had now do tuermin ticrso
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay n keeping from her knolleged the coursea a had nowt determinti crso
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge tho coursetha i had now determined to cusu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursu
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay ind keeping from her knowledge the coursethat i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay ind keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose togo whon mar resolitionstil sustainetomy
	layer_4: i rose to go while my resoltion still sestane d me
	layer_6: i rosed to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i rose to go while my resolutions still susained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis ea she wasprd whefoy ou gow
	layer_4: kusst kme she wasperd whefore you go
	layer_6: kisse my she wisperd before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is anly har goodnes se ofoer pouresnme
	layer_4: it as ontly ar good nes hat over powers me
	layer_6: it is only her goodness that over powers me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sa tein forbydy tolack brans when sye ance tr be atecur isenti
	layer_4: its a set thing for abyty tolact brains when shewance to be ateature is enti
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains wen she wants to be a tacher isn'tid
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lat brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: then a lo thet has det so hard or wengtr at she has and gonme any wre a the allther se st wist fuoe
	layer_4: be a lope has taneh sou hard orl winter at she has and gone anywere jhalld the alther sister wist fuly
	layer_6: phen elopi hastad so hard a winter at she hasn't gone anywere jod the older sister wistfully
	layer_8: when alopie has studied so hard ar winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere jo the oder sister wistfully
	layer_10: bhen alopi has studied so hard all winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere jod the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: when alopi has studied so hard all winter ant she hasn't gone anywhere jold the elder sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris drened of preatetresses olthad night and tod abult dham a te nex day
	layer_4: doris tremed of preatitressis al at night and thougt abolt them al the nex tay
	layer_6: doris reamed of pretit resses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of pretiresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of prety dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of prety dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so it most becon fhas thi penilo be o she would not haveled mite at fr the ond
	layer_4: so it must becon fas thit penilobe tho she would not have atd mightit it far the wont
	layer_6: so it must be confast did penelopy though she would not have atmight id it for the nt
	layer_8: so it must be confssed did penalopi though she would not have admigted it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she nu dort ten aopbe had startit alt to sa a new dres
	layer_4: she knewthat enalope had startit out to sae anew dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopy had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penalopi had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelopi had started out to save a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelopi had started out to save a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: doris cander i belive its an olld qued
	layer_4: doris chnter i belive its and ald quil
	layer_6: dhor is huuner i believe its an out quild
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an out quil
	layer_10: doris hunter i believe it's an out quil
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: i sonme tenao the my der dois
	layer_4: lseme pan alophe my dear doris
	layer_6: lisen' panalopy my dear doris
	layer_8: listenet penalopi my dear dories
	layer_10: listen peneloi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen penelopi my dear dorris

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lofe to penan o and yor saen
	layer_4: lovf to pan aop and your sef
	layer_6: love to penelob and yourself
	layer_8: love to penelove and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilop and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilop and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: you afectioeat aund u thi a hant
	layer_4: your affetionet unt at the lirhant
	layer_6: your affectionate ount atdeahandr
	layer_8: your affectionae ount a de lahanter
	layer_10: your affectionate aunt a de lahante
	layer_12: your affectionate aumt a de lahanter

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don se ts butyi sat then an opy weth agry
	layer_4: i don' cy its beauty saidt thn anopy weth agreat
	layer_6: i don't see its beauty said thnalopy weet a grea
	layer_8: i don't see it's beauty said ten elopi whet a great
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said penelopi whit a gra
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penelopi whit a gra

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: it to may have been preaty ans lut it is al si ted no
	layer_4: it may have been prety ance bat it is allsa dit now
	layer_6: it may have been prety wonce but it is allsided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty once but it is all sided now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: terme dory dousi ar wo a lackof proorryspactfuor my unsustorse that thi cant fel very and tosiuste alver dhes har  lon he spetielly en grund mther onter die eus befor i was bor
	layer_4: teor me dory tos it arego alack of proporeyspeact for my undsustors that ti cant el very andtosiastic over dese har lom he spesially en grund mather hanter dit years before i was bor
	layer_6: ter me dory does it argo a lack of proper respect for my unsestors that i can't feel very antusiastic over this hair loon especially when grund mother hunter died ears before i was bord
	layer_8: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ansistors that i can't feel very anthusiastic over this hair loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was borne
	layer_10: tell me dorry does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hair loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this harloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was tvher gind o and u therl i tosende sa doris dty fo
	layer_4: it was very kindof anmt athereluto cendit said toris dty fouy
	layer_6: it was very kind of und a tei lae to sendid saitd doris dutifuly
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt adde lad to send it said doris dutyfully
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a dela to send it said doris dutyfully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt a dela to send it said doris dutyfully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: whyi the rong sid is ever so much pretyur than dor ightd scland bena  opy
	layer_4: whyde the rong sie is ever so much pret yeur than teriht isclained pena opy
	layer_6: why the rongside is ever so much pretir than the right is claimed penelopy
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penalopi
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much preettier than the right exclaimed penelopi
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penelopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: hatt lovenly alds dimy stufs at not  bee sade
	layer_4: what lovely alds dimy stuf at not abet sadit
	layer_6: what lovely ald dimy stuff at not a beat sad id
	layer_8: what lovely ol dimy stuff at not a bit sad ed
	layer_10: what lovely old dimy stuff had not a bit saet
	layer_12: what lovely old dimy stuff had not a beit sadet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i e cglar it is as grd ans mu
	layer_4: i de clar it is as god as mou
	layer_6: ideclar it is as good ans meuw
	layer_8: i declare it is as god ads mu
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as mu
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as mu

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: welr let dhas go an haste said na lopy i he si ti le honry
	layer_4: wel let as ga and hafcheepsaid ena lopy i te sitidly hungry
	layer_6: well letaus go and have ceep said penelopy i esitedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheep said penalopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheep said penelopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheap said pennelopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: he sits i se the bover ty okoed comin
	layer_4: esides i see the bover te bpoccoed comming
	layer_6: besides i see the bover ty bocke comeing
	layer_8: besides i see the boverty bocl coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty bocur coming
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty bocr coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: it i sumtint to arsis an had nlon oftert o
	layer_4: it tis someting to poses and halon after o
	layer_6: it is something to porses and har lone after all
	layer_8: it is something to posses and har long after all
	layer_10: it is something to posses and her long after all
	layer_12: it is something to vosses and her long after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: then a lo be was o brise as mihch as the dander sistrly heard chod reseote whean doris flrlihedoult apon har ten fan tly an the ivenint on dhe bparty re the brecxs crt nisly pras and re han and the prekist wacety matinomr a was that was apasitiv cration f theanturostas princd sik wieh o garte ant nots of lack veatr
	layer_4: ben a lope wasolr prise as much as the tander si strly hert cood weshiou the whee dories flished out upon herl twon fauntly and the ivening on the bparty wi the brecxscur nisly prass and re hung and the preatest wasdi maginar a wased that was a positife creation f the u rosbas princl silk wih ta gurtel and nots of lack veve
	layer_6: phenelopy wasr prised as much as the tender sisterly heard cood wish te when dorris flashed out upon her twon fantly and the evening on the party witnh the blacks curd nicetly pressed and rea hung and the pretest wasti maginar awast that was a positive cration of thain't he wos bas prinkled silk with a girtl and nouts of black vevet
	layer_8: penelopy was suprised as much as the tender sisterly heard coold wish when doris flashed out upon her tofanly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the pretest waste imaginea a wast that was a positive cration o of thee e ros  bestsprinkled silk with a girtle and nots of black velve
	layer_10: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when dorrie flashed out upon her to fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginab a waist that was a positive creation of then the ros besprinkled silk with a girtle and nots of black velvet
	layer_12: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when dorrie flashed out upon her to fantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginab a waist that was a positive creation oof then she ros bes sprinkled silk with a girtle and nots of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a oty when to blansparty and her trasas drdmeration o avery gor ther
	layer_4: so pen alope went to blan sparty and her trass as tht meration of every gr ther
	layer_6: so phen elopy went to blang sparty and her res mwas the dmuration of every gir ther
	layer_8: so phen alopi went to blanch sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so penalopi went to blanch's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so penalopi went to blanch's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: wen te lo besold hr out to geler shar ming
	layer_4: when the lo pesold her alt to gelher sharming
	layer_6: when e lov besod her ultogether sharming
	layer_8: when e love besowed her altogether sharming
	layer_10: when e lov besougt her altogether charming
	layer_12: when e love besought her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she klnosas if she had justs thapd ot of the fra ol some nlovely old beatr she sa to her sen
	layer_4: she losas if she had justs thapt out of the frame of some lovely alt peature she sayde to her senf
	layer_6: she los as if she had justs thapt out of the frame of some lovely alt pecure she say to her self
	layer_8: she los us if she had just steppet out of the frame of some lovely old peactere she say to herself
	layer_10: she loops us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely olt peiture she sayd to herself
	layer_12: she loops us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely olt peiture she sayd to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: wmy ont a tila gev me gave aus thr mottia sh stamr
	layer_4: my ont athlla gete me geve as ther motter ioae she stamrd
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me geve us there moerial she stammort
	layer_8: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammerd
	layer_10: my aunt adela give me gave us the material she stammerd
	layer_12: my aunt adela give me give us ther material she stammerd

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: ind theamed aftor her misis far water sutenlypot her arm abo benaloby and ju thryon grd to hear haloveily old sace ad glo wedelighdt and denserness
	layer_4: im named after her mesis fairwater suenlypot her arm about benalope and deu th yun gir to her her lovely oald face ad glo weith delid and tenderness
	layer_6: i m named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopy and ru the young girld to her her lovely old face a glo with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: im named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and drowth the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i am named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and drw the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: i am named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: the you ar mi grun nese she sa
	layer_4: the you are my grunt nes she said
	layer_6: the you are my grandnees she said
	layer_8: then you are my grandt nece she said
	layer_10: the you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: whe y soy o treas i tun sur you were of  laghtetd to har i sholdricld nid that teros bo se if i cam o cras d intey bet
	layer_4: when i sowwyour tres i fell sure you were are lited to her i should recog nide that ter os bod serl if i cam a cros it intebe
	layer_6: when i saw your tress i feld sure you were  relihted to her i should recognite that ros but sl if i came across it intbet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbud sil if i came across it in tebath
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbud sil if i came across it in tibath
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosbut sill if i came across it in tibath

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: han han alpe was fora eurs alltoered then i was bhut we ward thefaltit to eachather
	layer_4: an elope was for yers allter than i was bat wewere thevoultit to each ther
	layer_6: an alopi was for years alder than i was but we were devoulted to each other
	layer_8: an alopi was four years olter than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: analopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: analopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so noufst o de sur myther dide and  our has ad was broken o
	layer_4: so noghter deshor mother did and ourhas ald was broken ap
	layer_6: sonafter des hour mother died and our hos old was broken up
	layer_8: son after dhis our mother died and our house ald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_12: soon after dis our mother died and our house hald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whi tyea i m ol ary longly ald womern we hno bide b lon in to me
	layer_4: mytear i mosery longly ald womern wehs no bide belongin to me
	layer_6: my dea i am unsery longly alldt woman wihs no bay belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am osery longly old woman whih no body belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very longly old woman wih nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very longly old woman with nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: not she baten mesus fir wethers saofd ald han a fetionatly
	layer_4: now she paten missus firewethers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_6: now she paene missus faire woathers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she patened missus farweathers soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she patered missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she patered missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: noriys and bena obe fant dorleaves and prlas canged in the trint clein of one i
	layer_4: toris and penaope falnt terleves and plans changed in the win cling of an i
	layer_6: doris and penelopy found their leaves and prlancs changed in the twint cling of anei
	layer_8: doris and penalopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twine cling of an ey
	layer_10: dorris and panalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twent cling of an i
	layer_12: dorris and penalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twent cling of an i

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: whan miss hus far weterl hat gon doisand ben alo be loked a ecorder
	layer_4: when missus firweather had gone dorrisand bpen alobe loked at ech arder
	layer_6: when missus far wether had gone doris and pena lopy looked at each other
	layer_8: whern missus farwetther had gone dories and penalopi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus fairwether had gone dories and penalopi looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus fairwedther had gone dories and penalopi looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she sleapeten tl herd ro breein touftanon dreas her und ca to har frawm be lol
	layer_4: at she sleaetinto herd blu pren hafter non dras her aunt cald to her fram belo
	layer_6: at she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt cauldt to her fram bila
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her fram bilaw
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bila
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bila

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: ' jane wastending at the fod of the sters wih a lampin one hand and the eu ald ba bey clanging to the other
	layer_4: an genwrastanding at the fod of the sters wich a lamping one hand and the ear alld bay be clanging to the other
	layer_6: on janewas tanding at the fot of the stars wich alampin one hand and the year olld baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: unt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as o te shae plis omone weh the ron god nachred face jrfort and vorter as he son sflowr was om t jain at all dimes and ocasions
	layer_4: she as a beak shaplis womone weh te raun good negcured face chrfor and voer as a son flower was ant jain at all times and ocasioncs
	layer_6: she was a bigk shaplece woman withtaroun good natured face cheerfor and voler as  a sunflower was ownt jain at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunnflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i n trone ov or andcy hou missus bik be is thes ivning siti and you musttake car of the babyteliget thack
	layer_4: i wontron oer andsy how missus bigs be i thes ivening sity and you must take cure of the babi te laget thack
	layer_6: i won't to run over und see how missus big be is this evening city and you must ake cre of the babytill i get back
	layer_8: i wont to run over and see how missus bigesby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus bigsby is this evening cidye and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus bigsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: se they sih and when donstirford he taby
	layer_4: seed tey sige and when donster for the babe
	layer_6: sin ey sig and wenl dawncter for the baby
	layer_8: sin ey sihk and went downstirs for the baby
	layer_10: sidny sike and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: siingley siked and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: her dase wer alike as farars har work and donis wen but hyetcep the themjurfory and d uncoe laningdy
	layer_4: all her tayse were alike as faras hard work and dllnis went but yeacepthe them jurfury and uncomplainingtl
	layer_6: all her tays were alike as faras hard work and dulness went but he axcepted them terfury and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfurly and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: butche thidt resan having to lilk ost or the baby worn syewanete th rie har leater
	layer_4: but she tid resand having to lok fter the baby wern she wanted te rit he leter
	layer_6: but she did resend having to look after the baby when she wanted to rit her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: thero mus mon a mar boxsuboe the kacing wech seedenteyshargryt tots mar cousens
	layer_4: the rumos mon amare boxsuboe the kaching which seeden they shard wet tods mor cousence
	layer_6: the roo mast mon a merboxs above the kitchin which seedin they shargweit tods mor cousince
	layer_8: the romasmon a mar box above the kitchen which seating a shar wi twosmar couzins
	layer_10: the rumasmon a mare box above the kitchen which seitin a shar wit two smar cousins
	layer_12: there rumasmon a mare box above the kitchen which setting a shark wit two smar couzins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: har badt and the caut were tha letof gurslapt e thout urmost alltet of theytlabone space
	layer_4: her bat an the caut were the leatof gir slapt eel dout armos alte of valabr space
	layer_6: her bad and the cout where the liter girslapt ild u armost alldte af velabur space
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the littele girls lapp filed up armost aldo avalable space
	layer_10: her bed and the cot where the little girl slappt filled up almost al the available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cot where the little girl slapt filled up almost althe available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: ti the that bucteclar angor on ih a pert to be as larg asan orange wi the o ther wase the sise of a pe and the mont exagd from ear to ear
	layer_4: tof the that barteclar anger one i apear to be as large as an orenge whil the oather was the sis of ope and the mont exaged from ear to er
	layer_6: just the tat particlar anglr one ei appear to be as large as an orenge while the other was the cize of a pa and the mouth sexaged from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angele one eye appeard to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a p and the mouth zixaged from er to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeare to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of ap and the mouth zexaged from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of ap and the mouth zexaged from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: se y hag ted thoat muras vitel latly a shqud tage aniting
	layer_4: seend they heated that mros vire laly as shecouage aniting
	layer_6: sin tehated that miras verlagly as she could hade anything
	layer_8: sinthei hated that mirars very liely as she could hade anything
	layer_10: sine they hated that mirars very likely as she could hate anything
	layer_12: sine they hated that mirars very likely as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: thear mather had dad to dey oftof and seny ther upon had con into ther hans of god on t jaing weh dos boks fore hourd dory she is notingarns as let aft orthe expansys ofte dober fi kner ow had benfay
	layer_4: her mother had tiad to tey after and sieny there apon had com into the hancs of good ount jang weich dos boks for herd dory ses noting als was latt afterth expancies of the dabol fineror had bena
	layer_6: her mother had died to tay after and sidne theire upon had come into the hands of good ount jan wich tose boks for herd dory since noting els was let after the expenses of the dobel finerar had ben a
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane wich those boks for her dory since nothing else was left after the expansies of the doubl finerrl had been pai
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sidny their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dory since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been pai
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane wich those books for her dory since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: frs ently shld begent to rwih weh the frlassel frerle xcitment on heur fhace
	layer_4: presently shoud begent to rite weh the flash alf freeareccikement t on her face
	layer_6: presently should began to rihte with the flasho freel exitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of freel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of frl excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of frl excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: alnnly one ansern came to alandugness and that lus for warthit to herebid the laong selering atd dy tor ahemapllifs
	layer_4: aonly one anser came to elenduglness and that was for warthe to her bid the long selfering a etor of the mapo lief
	layer_6: only one answer came to elen dagness and that was forwarte to herbyt the long suffering a dithor off the mappor lif
	layer_8: only one answer came to elen dagnas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappa lef
	layer_10: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editr of the mappor lef
	layer_12: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the mappar leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he rod dat aldo his aidgetid bard him from mamper shiping the clo heu was prainty and tha layt was eagt h radt the lat thers of dto de pardmen wich martchin tress and a fom had tolld of anseryng som o dhir ues forequres on thats
	layer_4: he ro that alo his agete bard he him from mampership ing the clab he was twenty and the lamit was eighteen he ratd the letters of the the partment with marching trass and alforn had toud of ancering som of therequest forecures on tads
	layer_6: he rod that aldow his agti bird him from mampership in the clap he was dwenty and the lamit was eighteen he retd the leters of the department with marching trest and offferm had thought of answering some of the request for cresse on thads
	layer_8: he wrote that altou his agtid bird him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he reade the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the request four cress on dets
	layer_10: he wrote that altogh his agted birth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the requests four carest on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that atog his ageted birth him from membership ing the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the request four carest on deths

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he nevere had donso bod allan douveles ses lat ther wal soing tresting that he hat tesided triht to er
	layer_4: he never had donso bod allanduless ses leatter wa sowing thresting that he had tecided torighte to her
	layer_6: she never had don so but ellan dugless sus lether was so in tresting that he had decided to right to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but elen doubglessus letther was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen dougleus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but ellen douglessus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: would she be king i nouh tecoares bonm rit ham
	layer_4: woul she be king i nouh to coresponm wit hm
	layer_6: woulh she be king enough to correspand with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: tou as to eurs aulld fromth east and had notedt for gotan to bev honmsak a dins
	layer_4: yhou as to yeurs oud from the east and had notyed for goten to beve hom sek at dinds
	layer_6: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgoten to be home sik at tins
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to bea homesik at tines
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesik at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at tines

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: see na like the ltter and ansered ye
	layer_4: seiv nay like the leter and aserad e
	layer_6: seivna like the letter and asurad eit
	layer_8: cytna like the letter and asrad at
	layer_10: cytney like the letter and asred i
	layer_12: cyitney like the letter and asred i

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: shenaverexpecthet to mea donlincon noarded she weshed to dosal
	layer_4: she never expectet to mee jonlincon narde she weashed to dusal
	layer_6: she never expected to met johnlincole nar did she weshd to do so
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wished to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincole nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincole nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the corus ln dancitsouf she fant hor lation
	layer_4: in the coras ondsit sel she fan her plation
	layer_6: in the corruspondene itself she faund her plasion
	layer_8: in the corespondence itself she found her plasion
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her plasiu
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her plasu

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: joundin cgon rod greasi aconse of frange life and ha  tanters on the farwestom lans so e nian and mod fromns nog hom dram rain fei life that sing they alleys had thesenzation af cronsing o go were an shed apen alather fron the bar and asforse nise on leater this is the way itread as sh rulty
	layer_4: junelincong roud breasiacounce of frangeh life and ha vanturs on the farwestom plains so anian and   moth froms nge ham dram brain feeld life that sing tey aolways had thit senzation off crosing agorwher an she apen alater from the bar and as forse nase own leater this is the way it read as she routi
	layer_6: jonling con rot briziac couns of frange life and atventurs on the far westom plains so anion and remoth froms noug ham dram brainfild life that sing tay always had the senzation of crossing a gar wherean shee opened a later from the bar and as for sinas own letter this is the way it red as she rotit
	layer_8: john lincon wrote brizi accounts of franch life and adventures on the far westerne plains so alnion and remote from snug hum dram brainfield life that singay always had the sensation of crossing a garf wern she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygney's own leatter this is the way its read as she wrot it
	layer_10: john lincoln wrote breazy accounts of franch life and adventures on the far western plans so anian and remote from snug ham dram brainfield life that singley always had the sensation of crossing a galrf werean she opened a letter from the bar end as for sygney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincoln wrote breazy accounts of franch life and adventures on the far western plains so alnian and remote from snug ham dram brainfield life that singney always had the sensation of crossing a galrf wherean she opened a letter from the bar end as for signy's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the aver greans traintu tdher misstrelinco
	layer_4: the aver greans brainthil ther misterelincon
	layer_6: the ver greens branfill dear mister lincone
	layer_8: the ever greense brainfile dear mister lincoln
	layer_10: the ever grins brainfield dear mister lincole
	layer_12: the ever grens brainfield dear mister lincole

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i lov lifh and itsplom and brelancy i lalve meting ou pepe i lo the reopil of mesy the mo lovfeter and comvercation
	layer_4: i lovelife and itspluom and briliancy i love mating nyou people i lofe the reople off musy the hamo laveter and comversation
	layer_6: i love life and its plom and briliancy i love meeting yeu people i love the repl off musy the hamm of loveter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its blome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reple of musi the ham of lover and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reeple of music the ham of lovter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reeple of music the ham of lovter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the men i had ben doking wed was bor mar the grae noler
	layer_4: the met i had been tolking weid was po mor the grage novri
	layer_6: the men i had been talking wit was pol mor the great noveris
	layer_8: the man e had been talking with was pal mor the great noverise
	layer_10: the mane had been talking with wa po mar the great noveris
	layer_12: the manir had been talking with was pol mark the great noveris

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as i gas i had con tr thited him dlwis and he had loft and lightt butt his bos wil alars have a n meaning tome hands fort tro that insid het himselve as biven me
	layer_4: as iwas i had contorticted him twis and he had lagetandt liktit but his bokth wl allwes have r nu meaning to me hands forth true tha insied he himselve has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contrdicted him towise and he had lauged and liked it but his bothwil always have a new meaning to me hands fort true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had loughed and liked it but his both will always have a new meaning to me heandceforth true thet insidte he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laugvhed and liked it but his both will always have a new meaning to me henceforth tru that inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had lauved and liked it but his both will always have a new meaning to me henceforth tru that inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: ifthis souch maithings at tha thes that gve life it s parcofor me
	layer_4: it is souch matings at t these that give life itsparcforme
	layer_6: it is such mitings at  des that give life itsparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such meeings at these that give life its sparkled for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkled for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkled for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you e a be way of migh rup sothes allver har
	layer_4: you we hae be wery of mig rop odes olverhir
	layer_6: you we hae be wery of myg ropsotiese overar
	layer_8: you w be wary of my rupsodies overhair
	layer_10: youl be wary of my rupsodyes overheair
	layer_12: you wil be wary of my rupsodes overfeair

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has seeimputhe andd aun dhe standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has simpothy and andhe standing for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has sympaty and understanding for my every mot
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my evere mot
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mot

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sincirvily sein nat reacma
	layer_4: yars sincerli sin nae reachma
	layer_6: yoors sinserly scinae rachman
	layer_8: yours sincerly sina richma
	layer_10: yours sinserly cina richmon
	layer_12: yours sinserly cinae richmon

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: o jan caim hanm presenty and cared away hara s liping baby seevntey sert he prayrs when te ladt and slet salnglyt and sid anile sh mayld hor latter the nex dey and the man te leat e and unsorkin
	layer_4: ot jain came hom presently and caried away her a sliping baybe see ney sed her prayrs whent to bhat and sleptd sondly and seranily she mailed her later the nex da and the man trlater and aunsor kimg
	layer_6: ought jane came home presently and carried away her  sleeping baby seid ney sat her prayers wen to bedt and slept soundly and siranily she maled her later the next dat and the month later and answer came
	layer_8: oud jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sinay sat her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and seranily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cydney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerennily she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_12: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cydne said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerennilly she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: se nmadi not sleve that nigt but dosd raslysl abato crd in hear pelo
	layer_4: sed made not sleeve that night but dosd raslysly aboaut o crd in her pelo
	layer_6: seid mayede not sleve that night but dost rastlesly about o cried in her pelo
	layer_8: sydnay did not slep that night but dost restlessly about or cryed in her pillow
	layer_10: cydna did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her apillo
	layer_12: cidney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her apillo

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: tha good womon shik har ha
	layer_4: the god wormon shok her ha
	layer_6: the good womon shok her ad
	layer_8: the god woman shook her ha
	layer_10: the good woman shook her ha
	layer_12: the good woman shook her had

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: se they trot the way of da trans gressor and fon d atits tonse birst to bon ande nal
	layer_4: seeney trot the way of the trans grasser and fondat its thons beirst to bone and maro
	layer_6: sidin ay trod the way of the trans grassor and found hat its thns prst to bone and marrow
	layer_8: sitena trot the way of the transgrasser and found tat its tans burtht to born and marrow
	layer_10: sitin a trod the way of the transgressor and found at its thans birtt to bon and marro
	layer_12: sittin a trod the way of the transgressor and found out its thawns birsht to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yi see tha therod alt thar
	layer_4: ou see that therod alt thar
	layer_6: you see that rod out dar
	layer_8: you see that road out dar
	layer_10: you see that road out dar
	layer_12: you see that road out dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was no harber olrlinpts ol thei stenct thesibur
	layer_4: and there was no harber orglimps off thistoncy tisibu
	layer_6: and there was no harbor or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: hand the halt of keopre myid them hs take
	layer_4: had the hallto keeper my the mis take
	layer_6: had the halter keeper miemistake
	layer_8: had the halterkeeper mi te mistake
	layer_10: had the halterkeeper made a mistake
	layer_12: had the halterkeeper made a mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: ths is his place no body carse the evr gryang but my se
	layer_4: this is his place no bdycarsitd the evergreeng but mysele
	layer_6: this is his place no body cours it the ever green but myself
	layer_8: this is his place no body cals it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the ever green but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the ever green but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i thonton the sdan he sadd bulrexcigly
	layer_4: i don'ton the stan he said bartplecceidly
	layer_6: i don't un te stand he said beplekedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexidly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: o sedenly t ot hir hans in the barst aof bation a proltes
	layer_4: o seeeny two out heir hancs in the barst off bation a prultest
	layer_6: o seednty two out her hands in the barst of batienat brotest
	layer_8: oa seeiny to out her hands in the burst of patiene protest
	layer_10: oh seedinly two out her hands in ta burst of patienat protest
	layer_12: oh seedinly two out her hands in a burst of patienet protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never weil on the sten i cant ma you on the sten
	layer_4: no and you knever well on the stend i cant make you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will unde stend i can't make you on dthe stand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: aveting itoldou abodeth and my l ivfe was just i muncination
	layer_4: everiting i to ou abalteit and my live was justh moncination
	layer_6: everything i told you about itd and my life was just imantination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thit wit de i right dham hs lantly
	layer_4: tht whitid you riht dem h ast lantly
	layer_6: ten why did you rite dem he asked blankly
	layer_8: dhen why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did you write them he asked frankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked frankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why dy tod the seer me
	layer_4: why ti o te seevf me
	layer_6: why di do theceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i ty ten mentoo the see you i neverthoud of sur ch ef tein
	layer_4: oh i ditent men to thi seev you i never thoudt of such of thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to teceive you i never thought of such o thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i jus coden tri you abot my ni r not becas itwas har but i o so aglet ant anty
	layer_4: i jus goden trit ou abot my life hr not be cas it as har but i t a so agly and anty
	layer_6: i just goodn't wrigte you about my life here not because it was hard but it als so ugly and anty
	layer_8: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen anc i had begon i hapcto kipet op
	layer_4: and wen ance i had begun i hadk to kip it op
	layer_6: and when oncs i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i fon d eid soll fusiaing to
	layer_4: i found itso fustinaking to
	layer_6: i found itsol fusinating to
	layer_8: i found it sof fassinating to
	layer_10: i found it so fasscinating to
	layer_12: i found it sof fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: tos ledts ers mayd that a ther lifh sam real to my i nevery spected to me you
	layer_4: toseletthersmade that ather life seem reel to me i never e xpected to me you
	layer_6: those letthers made that other life seem real to me i never epected to meet you
	layer_8: those letthers made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the slust for dase senshu la t er cam have ben dredtfuen to my
	layer_4: thislaset for dayse seen shu latter cam have ben dread ful to me
	layer_6: thislast for days sin yu latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oll pltes ga way and sorci me ifs ou can
	layer_4: o brties go away and sforgive me if you can
	layer_6: o btiese go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh plese go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh plese go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: it as wars tan she had eventolle it would the
	layer_4: it as wars tan she had even tolt it would bhe
	layer_6: it was wors than she had even thout it would be
	layer_8: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: ou wias so hansom o maly so earn thist i
	layer_4: heu as so hansome so maly so earnnest ie
	layer_6: he was so handsome so mely so earnest eid
	layer_8: he was so handsome so maly so earnest eye
	layer_10: she was so handsome so maly so earnest eyed
	layer_12: she was so handsome so mally so earnest ied

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jonlincon apen the gat and we t oupto har
	layer_4: jonlincon oupond the gate and wertopto hear
	layer_6: john lincon opened the gate and wet up to her
	layer_8: john lincon opened the gate and went up too her
	layer_10: john lincole opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincol opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: pleis don' t the stras yor suh so sei kne he said un coshiasly using hard crestin ne
	layer_4: pleis don't thistrs your selteh so seine he said uncocausly using her cresten ne
	layer_6: please don't distrist yourself so sne he said unconstiosly using her cristian na
	layer_8: please don't distress yourself so sdna he said unconsiously using her christian na
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so cdny he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so cidney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i thin i do on the sten
	layer_4: i think i do on the stan
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do understand
	layer_10: i think i do understand
	layer_12: i think i do understand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not surch a darl sell as you take my for
	layer_4: and not such a dol selo as you take me for
	layer_6: a'm not such a dor sellow as you take mefore
	layer_8: i'm not such a durl sellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: afster aor tols leaters wertra r rather thee was trutin tham
	layer_4: after ol those leters wer tu or rater thee was trting theam
	layer_6: after or those leters were tru or rather the was truth ing them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the shong man wa sertaenly god at und thestaning
	layer_4: te soung mnd was sertenly good atd unte staning
	layer_6: the soung mn wae certainaly good at under staning
	layer_8: this young man wae certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you you for give ma than she stemmont
	layer_4: you you'l forgive me then she stammot
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stemold
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stammuled
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stammoured
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stammored

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: bat i me stevethinioncs they will have be nod nissupol age
	layer_4: but in he stav f thincence they willd have bee lovd nessifolt age
	layer_6: but in the stae of thinicence they wuld have bee nord necifalt age
	layer_8: but in the state of inocence they would have been nowed nescafol age
	layer_10: but in the state of innocence there would have been noednesifol age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence there would have been nodnesif old age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the counteury everith ing generade i sprsting perfept but ing te siv inassen s chording ll hap bi begoda bigan aration
	layer_4: on the contury everyth in generadet insfersting perfept but in the sailvifinessence chording wilth hapbi begot oby generation
	layer_6: on the contarary everythin generatet itsfirsting perfect but in the salophenicance chordrin wilth hap bi the godened by generation
	layer_8: on the contrarary everything generated its firsting perfect but in the sate of innecencs children would have ben bgoem by a generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated its first ing perfect but in the state of innacence children would have bein begoe by a generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated its first ing perfect but in the state of innicence children would have bein bgodden by a generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirthore fromn the first they wil hafppen in prfect ebodea he sise and paoler
	layer_4: therethfor from the first they will hapvpien in prfect en boddinlhe siseand power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they woull havpen in perfect inboddinly size and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they would hav ben inperfect in boddinly siz and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they woull have been imperfect in bodily size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: theafor in the stet epenisence they was no need for woning to be br on the constery la ous pur sass ing genration tll havpiningcomily withnmater en whichshul louss ystabiche pi gout
	layer_4: the afore in the stato inicence theye was no need for wommin to be bor on the constrary teaeurs porsass ingeneration wtl halvpingin commily with nmanter in which it was establihed by guot
	layer_6: theerefor in the stat of inicence theye was no need for women to be borm on the contrary laors porcass ingeneration wuld havping in comily with maner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leacers porcess in generation wotd havpeen in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary leiers porcess in generation wot have peing in commony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary reiers porcess in generation wut have peing in commony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for wither ing dastat men would havp be mester eroman
	layer_4: for whiether ein tas stae men would have be mester reman
	layer_6: for whither in that state men would have be mester reman
	layer_8: for whither in that state men would have be master o ra man
	layer_10: for whether in that state men would have been master o or man
	layer_12: for whether in that state men would have been master or man

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theiefor in the stitpinisnce man hade kno masership of the mols
	layer_4: theefore in the stadipinosnce ban had no masership of the animals
	layer_6: therefore in the stat ofignicencs men had no masership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefor in the stedpinasens bifore man had ts bade notinds batden thatwls naturly sujat to hime
	layer_4: theirefore in the stadop enocence befor man had itsbade noghingdtos baden that was naturaely subjact to ham
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocense before manna had itsbade nohing disbaden that was naturally subjact to hame
	layer_8: therefore in the state of inocence before man had it spade nothing despaden that was naturally subjectd to hime
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before man had is bae nothing disbadin that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before man had is bae nothing disbadin that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: signly dis us pr my theud ro do bine trovidoce whichoweasgobers ind ferrethings my thesuppero
	layer_4: sigen ly this as pruted by the oderr de yne providenece which hiras govers ind ferythingsmy thi supero
	layer_6: segonly this is pruve by the orde of devine providence which hiow esgoverns enpearroy things by the sepero
	layer_8: segondly this is proved by the order o divine providence which howus governs in feriy things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hiesgoverns inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hoes governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: thertily dis as pred rom a probeityf man anoather amls
	layer_4: thiertly dis us proved roum a probertave man and other anmals
	layer_6: chirtainly dis is proved trom a probertlefe man and bother animals
	layer_8: chertainly this is proved from a probertlive man and ather animals
	layer_10: certainly this is proved from a property of man and other animals
	layer_12: certainly this is proved from a property of man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whult aver ys port is paiten isubjato wat is esenshul and una berso
	layer_4: now what averis partis pateth is tubjat whatis thesensial and ianaverso
	layer_6: now whateveris partis patetd is tubjacti what is thesential and inoverso
	layer_8: now whatever is part ispaited is subject to what is essential and iuniversal
	layer_10: now whatever is part is paitedh is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever is part is paiteth is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: thirfor tas jaction o other aninals to manis drooeto benaturao
	layer_4: theirefore as jaction of other animals to man is prooke to be naturalt
	layer_6: therefore asjaction of other animals to man as prok to be natural
	layer_8: therefore asubjection of other animals to man as prove to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prove to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they ould now hiver n this cond hafpeen exceted from the mastership of men as nether at pressonnor theyfor tha reson excepti fromn te maership orh pat was providins haswar dain athis
	layer_4: they would not hiver on this con have been eccepted from the mastership of men as neeither at presseon nor they for that reason eccepti from the maseship or od was probidins has war dain authis
	layer_6: they would not hiver on this cont have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for thet reason acceptevd from the mastership of prod whas probvidens has or dain au this
	layer_8: they would not hieer on this count have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at presen nor they for thei reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordein allthis
	layer_10: they would not h ever on this acount have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for ther reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordain all this
	layer_12: they would not how ever on this account have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordaine all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: thisis sicad font by fack that go lett they animos to men that he mut eive the nambs expressif of their respacovnaturs
	layer_4: this as siceldfint bye fack that got letat they enimols to men that he mot gave the names expressive of theire respactivfnatures
	layer_6: this assiconfined by the fact that got let at theanimost to men that he mught give the names expressive of theire respective natures
	layer_8: this is siginified by the fact that god let at the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so aandmes wiud have ad bit meano therow courd as in the pressens day some tomesticg inos abey hin
	layer_4: so ianmes woud have a bt man of ther own court as en the presencs dayte some to mesticg enmos a beyhim
	layer_6: so inmes would have a bid men of their own courd as in the presencs dayd some domestic enmos abahimg
	layer_8: so  nimes would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence dae som o domestic animals obey him
	layer_10: so alenimes would have a bit men of their own court as in the presente day some domestic animals obey him
	layer_12: so aenimes would have a bit men of their own court as in the presence days some domestic animals obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: ob jactioln one itlas seeme that in thesaviniscence m wle not hal hade mastiship over o ofther creturs
	layer_4: objaction one it ias seme that ein te savenessence ma woul not half had mastniship over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it was seeme that an the savenessence man would not half had masneship over aul other creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it wous seeme that in the save nescence man would not have had mastnership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it woull seem that in the sainessence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it woull seem that in the savinessence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much nas ve for would haea bit man inth sat of eniscens
	layer_4: much las vefore woutd he hae a bit men inhe stat of inocence
	layer_6: much las ferfore woud a have a bt men in the state of inocense
	layer_8: much lesverfor would e have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less herefor would hey have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less fherefor would hey have a bit men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: theirfor sincs it is by thes reason that manist compitan to hae mastership itd seems fvatin testivvlensence man hanled mean in over plens
	layer_4: the aefore sincs it isby this reason that manis compiten to have mastership it seems veain the stivelancance man hadnoleg men in over plens
	layer_6: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competant to have mastership its seemes felling the statincance man had no mean in overplencs
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felling the state of inosence man had no been inh overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems feling the state of inocence man had not been in th overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felring the state of inocence man had not been in t overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: nowy meresin the hast position fe master an not o the supect
	layer_4: now e melrieason the hased position of a master and nowt ofthe subpject
	layer_6: now e me rieason the has te position of a master and nout o he subject
	layer_8: now i mereason has e position of a master and nout of the subject
	layer_10: now in memorison has te position of a master and not of the subject
	layer_12: now in memorison has the position of a master and not of the subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: yinser dhat we nust neaso mid that in a primmidof stayth therwould have ben some inecuotity at leased as regords secs becaus generation the pans pon doversityfe secs and lie uice as regaorst ate for some woud half been bore of others norwd setura yuny hap pbeen stearl
	layer_4: i n wer that we must nese o mit that in e primit ove state ther would have been some inecualtity at leasd as regords sex because generation the pencsupon doversitave sex and like uice as regars age for some would have been born of others nor wod sexturauny have beenstaral
	layer_6: i inserd that we must nes amit that in the primitive stath they would have been some inequatity at least as regard sex because generation the pencs pon diversitive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexure uny have been starel
	layer_8: i inswer that we must nese admit that in the primitove state there would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation depens upon diversitive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexra uni have been steril
	layer_10: i inswere that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity oe sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexal uniy have been steri
	layer_12: i inswert that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual unity have been steri

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there muht oulsi hape peein but et ly disparity
	layer_4: there might ouso have bein botitly disparity
	layer_6: there might also have being budtitly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been buddily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been buttely disparity
	layer_12: there might also have been buttely disparity

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: inecoidty motals we rise on ho parbs of nature as bove distripet wit thout ina defastfnatur
	layer_4: anecolita myt als we rise on the pards of nature as bove distriped wthout any defasnature
	layer_6: inacoity mi alswerrise on the parts of nature as bove destriped without any defactful nature
	layer_8: in acuarity might alse rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactul nature
	layer_10: an e quality might also rise on th parts of nature as above described without any defatul nature
	layer_12: in a quality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: afjac ion on hi il sim that i testidicimisens menotd not hat pe master wermen
	layer_4: objackion one he ill sim that en the stat o hemisons man uld not had be masterwer men
	layer_6: objection one he will semed that an the stae of chemissense man would not had ben masdevermen
	layer_8: objection one heill seeme that in the state of imocence men would not have be masteover men
	layer_10: objection one i will sem that in the state of inocence men would not have been mased over men
	layer_12: objection one et will seme that in the state of innocence men would not have beeng mased over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: theirefor in thestat ef henmisence maeowol no havepeen supjetto mim
	layer_4: therefore in thestat of the misence man  no have been subjato me
	layer_6: therefore in the state of emisense man ould not have been subjacto mn
	layer_8: therefore in the state of imoence men would not have been subject men
	layer_10: therefore in the state of inocence men would not have been subject men
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men would not have been subjecto men

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: innother sence mesershipb is referd ing ajeneral sensto any con of subject and en this senceveen he hast the oficsof coberning anddructing fre men can bhe cout amaster
	layer_4: innother sens masership is refered in agenerao sans to any cone of supjact and in this senceven he hased the officeof coverning and diructing fre men ca be cugt omaster
	layer_6: inother sense massership is refered an a general sance to any connof subject and in this sene even he haske the office of coverning and directing free men can be caugt a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is refered in a general sense to any kint of subject and in this sense even heh has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_10: inother sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: inother sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: sucha cone of masteshoudt would havexistit in testitifiniset btowin wae in ma for two resons
	layer_4: such a cont of mastishoult would have existed in de steadifinees betwen ai en men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a kon of masteshit would have existed in desteatifinices between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stat f henascs between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stat f inases between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stateof innises between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor then this ye haf ping her to ral aon you my lod wore a now ise juth
	layer_4: more then this he have being herd to raiolon you my lord wore a now his juge
	layer_6: more than this you have beeing heard to rail on you my lod whor i now his jurge
	layer_8: more than this you have beeng heard to rail on you my lord whor ar now his judge
	layer_10: more than this yoe have been heard to rail on you my lord whor ir now his judge
	layer_12: more than this ye have beeng heard to rail on you my lord whor ir now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: oud thigeyousdom would be to doryon the spot stop letis hr wat tol hastesay
	layer_4: jot thgjust doom would be to dorry on the spot sto lat is heare what thou haster say
	layer_6: jod th just dom would be to dury on the spot sto lat us here what tou has to say
	layer_8: juge thy just doome would be to diye on the spot step let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: jge thy just doomb would be to dye on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: jge thy just doomb would be to die on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jgh to some of the cangs spelke theas you sev is maen who hast made stuch a stiri nor toun
	layer_4: then the juge to somelop the cangs spelk thes you seevis men who  haske made such a stiryig nowrton
	layer_6: then the judge to somelup the kangs speke thes you seevehis men who has made such a stiring nawrc town
	layer_8: then the judge to sume of the kings spok this you' seeve this man who has made such a stirryng naurtown
	layer_10: then the judge to sumon op the kings spoke theirs you'l see this man who has made such a stirring narktown
	layer_12: then the judge to summon op the kings spoke theirs you'l see this man who has made such a stirring narktown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thus iy we not hy's lit porta tuth andnew man ros from his death the trarba sam wy with qustion
	layer_4: thus whiy wele nost his lik for ha tuth ad new man rose from his dath the trabar seame way with quicstion
	layer_6: thus why wele nasthis like for te chouth a new man rose from his death the traves seeme way wis quistion
	layer_8: thus whil wele nost is like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabbers seemed way with qhuistion
	layer_10: thus whi wel nost his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabirs seemed wey with christian
	layer_12: thus whyl whell lost his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabes seemed wey with christian

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: con goehelful saicrshim let hes work on the grass
	layer_4: come god held ful sad crishim lettes wark on the grass
	layer_6: colm good heldful said crishim letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpfol said chrisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpfor said chrisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpfor said chrisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so hesat of teur te fes
	layer_4: sil vhey set of trough tho femed
	layer_6: so vhey sat off through the femld
	layer_8: so they sat off through the fields
	layer_10: so they set off through the field
	layer_12: so they set off through the field

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hufulr i hat mi fers from the frsd and so gae e wahingt friston bo rend iry dat our have bruty outo the riyt ath
	layer_4: hopfor i had my fears from the firsd and so gaey wer hit criston goa frend i griv that i have brogtho out of the rige phalth
	layer_6: uefor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hant christan go friend i grived hat i have brogt yoe out of the right palth
	layer_8: hopfor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christan good friend i griee that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopefor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hait christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopefor i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hait christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayng a mor no dout itis for ouagoote
	layer_4: hofur sayn a more no dout it is for ourgoovde
	layer_6: hoful say no more no doubt it is for hourgoos
	layer_8: hotfo say no more no doubt it is for hour goos
	layer_10: hofor say no more no doubt it is for hour goos
	layer_12: hofo say no more no doubt it is for hour goos

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: phrchon wey must nosten thurs lea straird gld bae
	layer_4: pruchan were y must nostent thus letis trido gld bag
	layer_6: pruthan were you must now stend thus let us try to gold bag
	layer_8: pushan where you must nowstand thus let us try to gol bag
	layer_10: cuchan where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_12: cushan where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then se trind dispaire   have no rte of forshal way himg her the grown kd ong whish seu ly is mng
	layer_4: then set trined despair yo have no rihte of forcuall wayging her the groune ong wich you ly is myn
	layer_6: then set drind despaire you have no right of forcial waging her the ground ong which you lie is mying
	layer_8: then set trying despair you have no right of forctul waging here the ground on which you lie i's myng
	layer_10: then set trying despair you have no right to forcyol waging here the ground on which you lie it's mine
	layer_12: then set trying despair you have no right to forcoul waging here the ground on which you lie it's mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not mish to say as be knew tha hy woring fout
	layer_4: they had not mush to say as be new ta they werein fourt
	layer_6: they had not much to say as be knew that they were ing fort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as be knewe that they were in fort
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in ford
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and bye desack wih culoare sols s wel
	layer_4: and by isack wih oulaur sos as well
	layer_6: and by tsack wi culour soes as well
	layer_8: and by biusak we cule our sosas well
	layer_10: and by bisac we cille our soles as well
	layer_12: and by bisac we cille our solves as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he know when tn to he cem to the hous an he dor which he was e nok this itit to oro freet tons
	layer_4: he know wen tong to he keme to th house had ta door which he was te nock this itit to or threet tons
	layer_6: he now wen tong to he ceme to the house hat a doorf which he was to knock this iddid two or three tonms
	layer_8: he now went tog to he came to the house at a door of which he was to knock this itdid two or three toms
	layer_10: he now went ong till he came to the house at e door of which he was to knock this hidid two or three times
	layer_12: he now went ong till he came to the house at e door of which he was to knock this hi did two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: ghrestin i have com toseled good man od the hous
	layer_4: gristian i have come to ceata good man of the house
	layer_6: ghristian i have come to see a good man af the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to see a good man af the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see it a good man at the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see it a good man at the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: treston sir an comfrom the sity of the stuption and a o my way t monsm
	layer_4: criston sir i an comfrom the city of thestruption and am amway tmonsion
	layer_6: christron sir i am come from the city of destruction and em mo my way tomonhsian
	layer_8: christran sir i am come from the city of destruction and em o my way to montsan
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and m on my way to mont saen
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and m on my way to mont saen

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i wa stod byvehe mand thistans of e gate that hat fi c him hear yout shil ma ko things batwould holt me
	layer_4: i was stod by the men the stans af the gate that itf ham here youit shill me gouthings bat would hout me
	layer_6: i wils stod by the man the stands at he gate that i fi came her you wi shell me goo things that would help me
	layer_8: i wal stod by the man that stands at the gate that if i came her you wul show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stoed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here youw show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stoed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here youo show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stood as in he would lefure men and a crown a god han neor he s hard
	layer_4: he stood asin he would plefur men and a crown of god harm ear hes heard
	layer_6: he stood as in he would plefor men an a crown of god har near hes heard
	layer_8: he stood as i he would pla for men and a crown of gold har near hi's heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near his heard
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold ha near his head

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: criton what thistis meing
	layer_4: curiston what this this men
	layer_6: christian what this his mean
	layer_8: christian what this this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too hi to  lartfroom that wast folrld of dus for  had notping suwat and enterperedertot his mandtoswueeped
	layer_4: then he took hi to alartroom that was fol of dost for in had not ping swapt and inturpredertodis mand ho sweeped
	layer_6: then he took him to a lard froom that was fol of dust for it had not beeng swapt and in terprater todist man to sweepid
	layer_8: then he took im to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swapt and interpreter todhis man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took imto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter todthis man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took imto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter to this man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: qriston what min s thith
	layer_4: qristan what mengsthies
	layer_6: qhiston what means thes
	layer_8: christian what means these
	layer_10: christian what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the you nhat sowrdmat commin tonate dos so y seym ma clin and lat lo by fahtinthe woook
	layer_4: then you nat sort made com meng to laide dust so he seem maye claing and late lo by fat in the book
	layer_6: then you nat sougt made come ing to la e dust so he seeme made cling and lad low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unac sot made come into laa dust so he seemed ma cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the younat sout a made come into later dust so he seemed ma cling and laid low by faith in the bok
	layer_12: the yunac sout made come into late dust so he seemed mad cling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just es trystion cameop to te crous i s lod sliv frong is bat loseto de mowsthod the too whearid felling and i saort na woar
	layer_4: just as twrestion came up to the crouse hes lowd slyv from his bact clolse to demous of the tm whereit felling and i sawgt no wore
	layer_6: just ask tristion came up to the crows he slowadeslay from his back clos to the mous of the tumb where it felling and  i saw it no more
	layer_8: just as thristian came up to the crows he slow sla from his back close to the mouths of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the craws he slowet sli from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the crous he sloed slip from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stooe thoursand wet lo tore brit was cimthhimg and one or hem sad he s beto theg tho hask ris fomne thi sings
	layer_4: as he stood thouse and wept lo tre broight wes camt him and one of themsaid peispe to thee thou hasgris from thy sings
	layer_6: as he stooed thouse and wept lo three broughtols can to ham ind one of them sad pes pe to thee thou hast gris from thy sins
	layer_8: as he stood thus and wept lo three braghtons came thim and one of them sad pese be to thee thou hat gree from thy singes
	layer_10: as he stoowed thus and wept lo three bright ones cam to him and one of them sad pease be to thee thou hast graed from thy sines
	layer_12: as he stooed thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them sad pease be to thee thou hast graced from thy scines

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tistin di frele's forja and sen at he went  hat a plase is pis blast croas blestt
	layer_4: tuistian give fre leapes for jo and sen as he went ah what a plas his tis last cras blest toon
	layer_6: tristian gave fhree leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plase his tis blast crows blasst toun
	layer_8: thristian gave three leaps for joy and sent as he went ah what a plays his tis blase craws blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leaps for jo and sen as he went ah what at plays is this blast craws blast tune
	layer_12: christian gave three leaps for joy and seng as he went ah what at plays is this blast craws blast tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen taon ths to he cimto a va wher he self ry men who woryi ta sons lep wif chaing son the  feeng
	layer_4: he wen ton ths to he ceme to aveayl where he sefre men who wereyn a sonseleep with chainson the  feet
	layer_6: he went om thus to he came to avel where hi sof remen who werein a son sleep with chaine on the oufeet
	layer_8: he went on thus til he came to a veil where his softre men who were in a sun sleep with chains on the ufeit
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a veil wher his softery men who were in a son sleep with chains on the euphite
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a veil wher his soft ry men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the uphite

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: creston sircs ben's combiu and wer ti a ge
	layer_4: cristan sirs wen's combyu and weare ty taego
	layer_6: cristan sircs wens come yeu and were dole go
	layer_8: christian sirs wen's com yu and where do a go
	layer_10: christian sirs wens com yeu and where do go
	layer_12: christian sirs when's come yeu and where d  go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: for mansd and pholerce we were born ing the lende flain lory and arown tow wayt moundin for pas
	layer_4: for maniestd and poperseye we reborn ing the lendefain lory and our on ou way to mouns dine for pras
	layer_6: for maest and popercy we rereborn in te lendo faine lory and our own our way to mouns din for praise
	layer_8: for manist and hepocrcy we were born in the landoffin glaourry and our own our way to mountdin for praise
	layer_10: for manist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fan glory and our on our way to mountdin for praise
	layer_12: for maist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fan glory and our own our way to mountdin for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: nog eou not tha h that conms noting ate dor whut clom sep to getin the sayme mashea fheaf
	layer_4: no you not that he that comes not ing that a door but clomesep to getting the same mas a thief
	layer_6: now you not that he that comes not in at a door but clamsep to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: know your not that he that comes not in at a door but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: knowyou not that he that comes not in at a door but climbs up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know your not that he that comes not in at a door but climbs up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the toll quistion that hat noli forcare on thestor for non yewse havd mate low and theykeoul pruv dat hat bin solvryars
	layer_4: the tol quistion that he had nonly forcare on testor for long use had made law and they could prve dthaty had being silver years
	layer_6: they tolld quistien that he had knonly for care on descor for along yuse havd made a law and they could prove that i had been silvfer years
	layer_8: they told quistioned that he had nownle for careon descore for long yuths had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: they told quistianed that he had no need for caron descore for long youths had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told qhristianed that he had no need for caron descore for long youths had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes sid thing no dotteoed
	layer_4: yes said thiyng no dot ofit
	layer_6: yes said theyn no dot of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and i we getting tho rot et l pra what arthyout
	layer_4: and if we gedting the grot at al pra what aur the ot
	layer_6: and if we getting the groate at all pray what are theo
	layer_8: and if we getting the roat at all pray what are the od
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the od
	layer_12: and if were getting the roat at all pray what are the od

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: snot oaracasusgou testuors
	layer_4: s not ouroccase as go thest yours
	layer_6: s not ourocase as good s yours
	layer_8: i's not our case as good as yours
	layer_10: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_12: is not our case as good as yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sale dan that the y ol benton to theycimte fut hevd the hear  o dif coaty whayr they was are
	layer_4: i saw ten that the yol went onto they cim to th frd ad the hear thof dificoty weyre theye was asproe
	layer_6: i saw  then that the yal wenton ti they ceme to the frood at the hear of dificoty whee there was a sprin
	layer_8: i saw then that the yall went on til they came to the fruot of the hearl of difficulty where there was a sprem
	layer_10: i saw then that they all went on til they came to the fruit of the hee of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the fruit of the heel of difficulty where there was a spring

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now win quristion got as psa spruin a plvfe he trentopet and then wont of t he
	layer_4: now wen quistion gt as par s a sprin  lve he drento it and them went oet heu
	layer_6: now when quistian god as par as tha spring offlive he drenk of it and then wen tubedh hu
	layer_8: now when quistian god as far as the sprin of live he drenk of it and then went upthhe
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of live he drenk of it and then went up th hu
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of live he drenk of it and then went up the hu

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now hap we ot was acae ba bydnlord of that hiu that thoswho cain by mat rest fvher
	layer_4: now halvf we ut was accave mant byden dord of that he that thogsewhol kam by mat rest ver
	layer_6: now half we up was acave made by thendord of that hel that those who camg by mat restere
	layer_8: now half wayup was acave made by the lord of that he that those who came by mat respere
	layer_10: now a half way up was a cave made by the lord of that he that those who came by met restper
	layer_12: now a half way up was a cave made by the lord of that he that those who came by met resfer

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that  ing was te he the mentor clo but thoat wen ly had got hat wy they foumn that they met with mor and mordise sol da reed fare cimmon tenm and o the cu do was totrm bat
	layer_4: timer sad that awin was be he they men to clog but that won ley had gont halw they foun that they met with more and morves sol da gred feri cim on ten and ol they couldo was to trom bath
	layer_6: timor sad that zain was tehu they men to clomb but that winle had gon half way they found that they met with more and morevis sod a great fear com on dthenm and all they coulddo was to trim bacg
	layer_8: timerers sad that za was pehue they meant to clam but that whindley had gonte half way they found that they met with more and morrisk sold hat great fear cam on dhem and all they could do was to trme back
	layer_10: timerers sad that zai was fo heue they meant to clomg but that winley had gone half way they found that they met with more and morrisku so that great fear camon dthem and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_12: timmerers sad that zani was fo hue they meant to clog but that windley had gone half way they found that they met with more and morrisku so that great fear cameon them and all they could do was to tin back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: ys said misstrursd for  just in fromtavas beare lay to bess of prn our pave woul ne noti thy snec t or noud bu we thol that theybwed forl erdancs andturrowlis
	layer_4: yes said mistrersd for acuest infromtevas beyrlay two beasts of pran our pave wul new noti theys netr  knoud but we th ogh that they would fallerencs endturou lis
	layer_6: yes said misthruset for anchest in fronta us be lay two beatts of prayn our path we new not if they snaptronod but we thaugh that they would follorens entyrou lims
	layer_8: yes said misthrust for  chest in front avas berlay two beatts of pray our path we knew not if they snapped runad but we though that they would fallow thes antrour lams
	layer_10: yes said mistrust for a chest in front o vus tere lay two beasts of pray n our path we knew not if they snapped rounad but we thought that they would fallin thes antrour limbs
	layer_12: yes said mistrust for a chest in front of ves there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped rounad but we thought that they would fall in thes andterour limbs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yetd hei thougt once more the hat he ha hored fon the man and then he fouting histut for hisgrod that hemot rete and ponsome pes
	layer_4: yed he thought once more afwhat he had heared from the man and then he fout ing his tleult for his sgrod that he miht raded anfonicsome pes
	layer_6: yet he thought once more  what he had heard from the man and then he felut ing his clot for his sgrowd that he might readed in fin etsome piease
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his cloat for his crowd that he might read it and find nd some peace
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he feult in his coat for his crod that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he feult in his coat for his croad that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: esel ford bu oun ti nok
	layer_4: he ltforid but toun thit not
	layer_6: he sfeld fored but sound tit not
	layer_8: he felt for it but sound it not
	layer_10: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_12: he felt for it but found it not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his nase to prad that god wi if angracefl tiesat and then wen bat to loook frhi scrod
	layer_4: so he fel dong ong his knese to pra that god woilh gif eng grasple bis apt and them when bat to luok for hiscrod
	layer_6: so he fell don ong his knees to prave that god would give in graceful bis aft and then when bat to look for his grob
	layer_8: so he fell down ong his knees to brave that god would give him graceful bis act and then went back to look for his grobe
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to brae that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for his grobe
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to brate that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for his grobe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that  an saiido slieing the day tim so t a gevi t o the flasshius to yuse por ese that ret which lord of tohe hat mate but ford hou ith te son
	layer_4: ho fo that ur an saiding to slipbing the day tine so ta gaefi to the flashus to usepor yes that reast whiche lord of fohe hat made but ford houp ith the son
	layer_6: o for that i m said him to sliping the day time so tho gave foai to the flash as to used por yeas that rest which lordo f hu ha made but ford help at the son
	layer_8: o for that i am sad him to slipin the day time so te give way to the flash as to use pfor yeas that rest which lord a fhu hat made but for helph at the son
	layer_10: o fo that i am said him to slip in the day time so tet gave way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord offhu hath made but for help at the son
	layer_12: o fo that i am said him to slip in the day time so thet gave way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord of fhugh hath made but for help at the son

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: sush was elolt afd the tjus foor theirsing they were sant bat idt wa bhe brasee and i im made tria thor  stapts with ree whiching min hav trom with jin had i not be for tis le
	layer_4: such was elodtad the jues for their sin they were sent bat mod way f te at se and i am made tryd tho staps with greae which in mon have trong with jy had i not be for thisleeav
	layer_6: such was delad at the jewse for their sin they were sent back bied way of the rat see and i am made try thoe staps with grive which in mine have trungk with joy had id not be for thisleve
	layer_8: such was te lat at the jews for their sen they were sent back by t way of the gra s and i am madeo try those steps with griave which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for thi sleave
	layer_10: such was telat at the jews for they are sen they were sent back by the way of te gratc and i am made to try those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_12: such was telat at the jews for they are scene they were sent back by the way of te ratci and i am made to try those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this leave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho farman oi half being ho my whe by this tin
	layer_4: hofarman i half being o my we by this time
	layer_6: how farmend i havf to being o my wait by this time
	layer_8: how far mand i haver being on my wa by this time
	layer_10: how far mund i have  being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how far moun i havebeing on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: nw by vhistome ye had come to ta veo wen's mor wher hea forstpel hie said ding wet wboth at lnas as he casa set lans aot wfot ovd the benge he so hisor whiche caodte with hased and pultlyinn his plok
	layer_4: now by thistime he had come to the vaytu ence more whe here forsepel he said dowin weapt but at lased as the casa set lansad foote ovfe the benge bhe sa hisro which he caud e with hasd and pudling his clok
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the vaou wonce more whereere forspel he said dow inquat but at last as he cast a sat glansat foot of the bench e saw his srow which she caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vaue once more wher or forespell he sat down an quappt but at last as he casta sat glance athe foot of the bench he saw his row which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the ve once more wherr fore spell he sat down and quapetd but at last as he cast a sat glance at the foot of the bench he saw his prow which he caught it with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the ve once more wherer fore spell he sat down and quapet but at last as he cast a sat glance at the foot of the bench he saw his prow which he caught it with haste and put in his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: wors arthwet to teow the joi ofe cristion when he hat got bat he s wo
	layer_4: wors are to we to tel the jayf cristion when he had got ba his wro
	layer_6: wors are to wek to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his row
	layer_8: wors are to weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his row
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his ro
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladeeduh in the brust erd his potd and ti thenks tor gar
	layer_4: he ladeeduh in the brust ef bhis coad and gi thans togard
	layer_6: he laded ugh in the brust of his coad and give thenks to gard
	layer_8: he laid it ouf in the brust of his cote and give thanks to guod
	layer_10: he laid it uf in the breast of his cot and give thanks to god
	layer_12: he laid it up in the breast of his cot and give thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: woeh wata lostact t at he now clane the h
	layer_4: wouth wat a listact tad he now clane the hou
	layer_6: with what e lights tap did he now clam the hu
	layer_8: with what a lightsthat did he now clam the hu
	layer_10: with what a lighttat did he now clamb the he
	layer_12: with what a lightthat did he now clamb the hu

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: ha thog hen thes be srenting the ni for their pro and they should med with mein he dad holfed it fliv fon nhan
	layer_4: ha thogh hen these beh srenging the nit for their prey and ithey should met with men  dard holterd i flive from tem
	layer_6: ha thoughthen these beeath srenging thet night for their pre and if they should meet with mean a dard halshred i fli from them
	layer_8: ha thought hee these beatsrenging the night for their pre and if they should meet with meand adard hol should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beasts renging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and e dard how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beasts rencing the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and e darg how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the nem of he men who kept the lag of tha hous was watfolr and when he sode pristiin ma t head as i  he o goo dack hecam outo him hansat is bisetren sos mar
	layer_4: the name ofthe men who kept the lage of that hous was watfor and when he so te pristiron made held as if he woul god back he came out to haime an sit is bistrienh solvs mo
	layer_6: the namen of the men who kept the lrge of thai house was wat for and when he saw thir pristran made a healrd as if he would go bagk he came out to haime in sat t is bys strenth sol s more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lodge of theirt house was wath for and when he saw their cristiran made a hr as if he would go back he came out to him and sat it is by's strength solvs more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodge of ther house was wugh for and when he saw their christian made a hert as if he would go back he came out to him and sat it is by strength soves more
	layer_12: the name of the men who  kept the lodge of their house was wought for and when he saw their christrian made a hert as if he would go back he came out to him and sat it is fy strength sovs more

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fere nos bhe to wive beas for they oer bon by chings an or coo earedy tite fa thof those bet hapet and to pynou thos bet hat non
	layer_4: fere knot te do wie best for they oere bount by changs and aur couthearde thita fa thof those bat happit and to fy now those bet hat nong
	layer_6: fear nodt the duo wi beasts for they are bound by chans and our cout her i o tri ta faith of those bet happit and to fin now those bet hath knong
	layer_8: fearand nagt the duo wild beasts for they are bountd by chains and are put her to try te faithe of those bat habit and to find ou those bat hath knong
	layer_10: fear andnaut the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath nong
	layer_12: fear and naught the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try te faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath nong

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: kip ein the mistef the pafh and lo han shicontovi
	layer_4: kip in the mistovf the pagh and no harm shor com ti vi
	layer_6: kep in the miste f the path and no harmsir comtive
	layer_8: kip in the mister of the path and no harm shire come tev
	layer_10: kip in the mister of the path and no harm shall come to ve
	layer_12: kip in the mistr of the path and no harm shall come to ve

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni soing my tr that s te he beentoning gra rat at the wid becs e har the  grr yit theded t he kno harm u woen he had go by then he wentoith jy to he cam and sto in fround of e lod wayared watlrd dod
	layer_4: the ni sawing my reem that ste he wbent on ing gray drad of the whid bease iheard them groa yet they ded to hem no harm but when he had gon by thenm he went on with joy to hed came and sti hin frond af the ladwered watch wul dgod
	layer_6: the nit sawwing my dream that s te he bwent on in grey dred of the wide beasts eheard them groar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by then he went on with joy do id came and stil himg frond of the lag whe haed watch ful god
	layer_8: the night saw ing my dream that stil he went on i gray dread of the wide beasts  heard them groar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and still in front of the lodge where oa watchfl god
	layer_10: the night saw ing my dream that stel he went on a grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy til he came and stool in front of the lodge where hea watchful god
	layer_12: the night saw ing my dream that stelle he went on i grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stool in front of the lodge where hea watchful gud

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: prston sur oa houste tes men res here da nied
	layer_4: pristion sur what housi this me  resh her to nihd
	layer_6: pristian sir what howse it this may  resh here tonihd
	layer_8: pristian sir what house af this man a resht here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house if this may a rest here tonight
	layer_12: christian sir what house is this may a rest here tonight

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: whan wate fol toder wikequishst in hat tom ther she sad what i shor nainm
	layer_4: wen wachefo told her wikeuistion had tom there she said what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchfol told her why quistien had tome there she said what isour name
	layer_8: when watchfoll told her why quistion had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchfold told her why question had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchfold told her why question had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencristo be dos head and whene withem to hhous
	layer_4: then cristrm be dalyse had and when withem tot house
	layer_6: then christan bandaacs head and when with them to ithous
	layer_8: then christan bendalis head and went with them to t house
	layer_10: then christian bent d alis head and went with them tohouse
	layer_12: then christian bent alis head and went with them to  house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity con goot criston see s ar loor prompsrs to da heulin to reast thati s tork with hyou a foar dthat sou hav seing on you way
	layer_4: hihty con good criston seenstar lo prompsers to tayk huling to rast lhat is talk with you afor that shou have seeng on your way
	layer_6: highty lnm good criston seenst our lo crompses to take hilin to rest let us talk with you afor that sould have seen on your way
	layer_8: highty calm goood christian seincet our love cromps us to take yeing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: heighty cam good christian since tour love prompts us to take youin to rest let us talk with you a foll that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: heighty calme good christian seince tour love prompts us to take youin to rest let us talk with you a foll that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: cforson with a ride gw and o am blat that shr should askt of me
	layer_4: cison with a rih gote ol and  amglat that ser should askit of me
	layer_6: crision with a right goot wil and i emglat that she should asket of me
	layer_8: chistian with a right good wil and i am glad that she should ask it of me
	layer_10: christian with a right good will and i am glad that shou should ask it of me
	layer_12: chistian with a right good will and i am glad that she should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: troudems and firs say wat isive hat masihul wishtio mught god mone thime
	layer_4: crudense and firs say whatisive dthat masoul wish ti much t god mongtim
	layer_6: crudence and first say what is if that may shoull wish till much godo monht iam
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is if that mayshoull wish till much togo to moncthaim
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that mashe wished to much to go to monthaiun
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that mashel wished to much to go to montaiun

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: thr they say is no deth and there i sh a dol with suchus not te lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and the are i sha doil with such ast loe te lorg
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i sha doel with such ast lov de lord
	layer_8: there they say it's no death and there i shal doell with such as love de lord
	layer_10: there they say it's no death and there i shall duell with such as love de lord
	layer_12: there they say it's no death and there i shall dwell with such as love de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: jhartin ha byou w han bas corisiio y is aw hav
	layer_4: chaety have you wvean bavse trisu yeis i halve
	layer_6: charty have you a wife and baes ricu yes i have
	layer_8: charity have you a wife and baves trisu yes i have
	layer_10: charity have you a wife and baves crici yes i have
	layer_12: charity have you a wife and baves crisu yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting the wint youn not rin then with you
	layer_4: chariting le winat u not ring then with you
	layer_6: chariting le winit you not gbring them with you
	layer_8: charitin le whin at you not bring them with you
	layer_10: chariti le wi a you not bring them with you
	layer_12: chariting le whin at you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: tu tha would not com with men nor haet mae liasom
	layer_4: but they would nowt come with me nor hav me leashom
	layer_6: but they would not come with me nor hav me leas them
	layer_8: but they would no come with me nor haf melis tem
	layer_10: but they would not come with me nor have me leas them
	layer_12: but they would not come with me nor have me lease them

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thoust it prstion tock with this pranstuit roam drg and then he to hisreast ing large ron the neng o owich wast pes there he s lat to ewld breat o day and then he sami hein
	layer_4: thost id pistion tock with this pranstudi rom dorg and then hitok hispresset in largeroon the nang o which wash pece there heslapt t owd breake o day and then he sam  ham
	layer_6: thus dit qustion talk with this friandstulit room dorg and then he too his rest ing larg room the name of which was piece there he slaped to yud break o day and then he san ahan
	layer_8: thus did qistion talk with his friends stielet groom darg and then he took his rest in alarge room the name of which was peace there he slapped t youould break a day and then he sanmahin
	layer_10: thus did cristian talk with his friend stuet room dark and then he took his brest in t a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped til yo would break a day and then he saint ahin
	layer_12: thus did christian talk with his friend tulet groom dark and then he took his brest int a large room the name of which was peace there he slapped till you would break a day and then he sant ahim

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brot out he jon bon of anas with whech sensan di such refies an the stleaing and stoornwith which dabi s lew goty of of dah
	layer_4: and they brougt out a jon bone of in as with wich sensondi such refies and the slean and stoon with which dabitsluw galy oth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which sensind is such braphes and the slin and stone with which divat slew garliath of dath
	layer_8: and they brought out a jon bone of an assk with which sensend is such gbrifes and the slan and stone with which divislu galith of dath
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which sensend is such grefes and the slan and stone with which dieaslu galith of taf
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which sensend is such grefes and the slan and stone with which divr slu galioth of taf

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wase thn teimge of thi s laen se riton
	layer_4: waise hen deme of ths len set criton
	layer_6: wal is the dame of this lan said crician
	layer_8: whal is the name of this land said crichan
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said crician
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said crician

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the totim it was in manouslaend
	layer_4: then the todhim it wasin manus lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was sim mariousland
	layer_8: then they told him it was simaniousland
	layer_10: then they told him it was simaniusland
	layer_12: then they told him it was simaniusland

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when soro ma comto the britist without causing any great senseivincong grouty whern with impressible persons lov becomse sinstersness hope sings to misgiving and fath to hope when t ex ars iese o memrey tdhas not sterfeedings of regreats ad opartunites for ambition that ha benm past biy and and ti s ipation doas not prompt to endtarpriys
	layer_4: it was a night when sorrow mayd come to the brightist without causing any greate sensofin congrty whern with imprescible persons love becoms silisstersness hope sings to mis giving and fath to hope when te execise o memory does not ster feedings of regret ad oppetunitis for ambition that ave ben parst by and and tisipation dos not prompt to enter pris
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sens of in congruity wheen with impressibale persons love becomes sylicistersness hope sings to miss giving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feedings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and tiipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a knight when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongrueity when with impressible persons love becomes solicustosness hope sinxs to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope singks to misgiving and faith to hope when th exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to ad clos obsever they oujust as porseptible the differencis that thear mediar of mandif estation allest tright and formiler and such well no ons as thee bursting of the bods o the fore of the lief
	layer_4: still to ad closebserver they ure justus perseptible the differences that their mediar of mani estation ar less tright and formilia thand such well thom ones as thee bursting of the buds or the fore of the lief
	layer_6: still two ad closeobserver they are just as perceptable the diference is that their mediar of manifestation are less tright and familia than such well nome ones as thee bursting of the bods or the fall of the lieaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medioar of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediour of manifestation are less stright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less stright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: hiven ithin could be dark of thn the scy it was the wl and hiven ifthin coul be glumir than the wal it was the rivo be neth
	layer_4: iven ythin coul be darck of than the sky it was the wall and iv enithink coul be glumir than the wal it was the river baneeath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomia than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indis cribable succession of dowl blos pupleccing in ther regularty sent their sound with dificltyth rugh the fluhy appas fr
	layer_4: and indisgribable succession of doll bloas perplexing in their regularity sent thir sound with difficulty thrugh the flufhy aespfere
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dul blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy apmosphieere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: notl aufter a ormmat moveed by the brink of the rivr
	layer_4: not l after ar form at moved by the brink of the rive
	layer_6: not lo after a form a moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: thei s was al that was posit ovf ly discoverble there t semedo human
	layer_4: this was all that was possitof ly discoverable thouh it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was possitively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shap whent slowly allon but without much egession for the snow theo suddn bast ot as yet moe then twoinches deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly alon but without much exersion for the sno though sudden bas not as yet more than to inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exerstion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this timesof wrds waspoken aloud on
	layer_4: at this time som words weas spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: to thre
	layer_4: to three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: fo fiee
	layer_4: fo fife
	layer_6: for five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each aterance the tittl shap atd vancst about hafit us nne ards
	layer_4: buttween each utterance the dittle shap et vanct about halfid os ntards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half r douzenyards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he ethe spot stopt and dwintled smorler
	layer_4: he ethe spot stopped and dwintled smaloer
	layer_6: he are ther spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_8: here the spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then amosl ofe sno floew a crosstherever to wards the fif th windeoe
	layer_4: then a morsal of snow flew across the rever to wads the fifthth window
	layer_6: then a morcl of snow flew across the rever towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would haf ben ceen by day t be afthatedeep smoth sot which races midtleansies with the same dligting procision an y irigulartes of speed ben immegid corected bass ma walple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smoth sougt which races middleansides with the same gligding procision an hy irigularitis of sped ben am meguticorected bysmalre walple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same dligding procision any irigularities of speed being immegictly corrected by small worlple
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dligding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whorpol
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middland sides with the same glighing precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middland sides with the same glighding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the winee wa strock agam in the same maner
	layer_4: the win ne wer struck agane in the sam manne
	layer_6: the window wer struck a gaine in the same manner
	layer_8: the window weas struck agane in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck agane in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck agane in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: thant anois was her aparcla produsedt by the oenye fthe windo
	layer_4: then anoyse was her a parkly prodused by the openye of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard aparictly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparentlly produced by the opening of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blurd spotin the sno riilesly
	layer_4: said the blored spot in the snow tremilassly
	layer_6: said the blord spot in the snow remulously
	layer_8: said the blurd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blird spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blied spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i as which was your windo for giv me
	layer_4: i as wich was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i ask which was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i aske which was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i ask which was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i ask which was your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: hel i sad the you miht
	layer_4: whel i said that ou might
	layer_6: whel i said that yu might
	layer_8: wel i said that you might
	layer_10: well i said that you might
	layer_12: well i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: ho must i itis when shall we be maried frank
	layer_4: o must i it is when shall be be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have mony
	layer_4: i have monee
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and be live in twoparshes do e what then
	layer_4: and we leve in two parshes doy what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do e what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if is id solf caos i wil
	layer_4: if i sit sof caousei will
	layer_6: if i sit sove couse i will
	layer_8: if i sid sof course i will
	layer_10: if i sid so course i will
	layer_12: if i said so course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fecthis i  forogot to ask
	layer_4: the fect is i forgot to ask
	layer_6: the factis i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni'vte frik gold niht
	layer_4: could nime frak god night
	layer_6: god nip frek good night
	layer_8: good night frak good night
	layer_10: good knight frank good knight
	layer_12: good knight frank good knight

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapenothing serioushad hapent to drae her out et sucan untoward s time
	layer_4: he hap nothing serius had happenet to dreake her out ad such an untowad time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serius had happened to dreake her out at such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an unteward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreg her out at such an unteward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but is ther rain gave not the theast sine of sessation he abserved i thikt wecha havetogeiback never
	layer_4: but as the rayin gave not the theast signe of sessation he observed i think wicshal have to goback never
	layer_6: but as the raying gave not the theast sign of sessation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wy not heincard
	layer_4: wynot hein card
	layer_6: wy not hincrard
	layer_8: why not hincuared
	layer_10: why not hinquired
	layer_12: why not hinquired

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot on testand hw ou should nea me whial i have no non ig of ou
	layer_4: i cannot on derstand how you should no me while i have now onige af you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no nonlage of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: o bhat you na me abo t meatleast
	layer_4: obut you no me about me at least
	layer_6: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: eit oul thinkso
	layer_4: hi shoul think so
	layer_6: i should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: hese my fhather inded
	layer_4: hes my father indeed
	layer_6: he 'is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we av bentennunts of sil voinya cossl on the ilend hr the seson
	layer_4: but we hve ben tennentse of silvanya cassle on the ilend her thi season
	layer_6: but we have been tenantes of silvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvenia castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my fal thes isussi comparkliof thy humble risidan'shard bi
	layer_4: my fathers isus se comparaul ive the humble risidence hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is a si comparical if the humble residente hard by
	layer_8: my fathers is a a comparical ofe ly humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is as comparialively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my fathers is as  comparicalively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgoud o fort a much bice a wan if he chos
	layer_4: but he cood a fort af much bick a one if he chos
	layer_6: but he could afourta much bicka one if he chose
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you hhd si
	layer_4: youve hrdsi
	layer_6: you haeart sai
	layer_8: you have heard so
	layer_10: you have heard so
	layer_12: you have heard sor

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i doed now he dusttomy much of his of heirs
	layer_4: i do't now he dusntlme much of his of hairs
	layer_6: i don't know he dosn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my farther she birst out seoudny is aways scoltyn me for yketravigance
	layer_4: my father she burst out sudeny is alwayscoding me for y estrevigancs
	layer_6: my father she bursed out suddenly is always coding me for my extrevigance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: as that thisevening
	layer_4: was that this evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: ther on the nets they sat
	layer_4: there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: jasl intfort it strangeo that he shoul bethfrom by faten tooposition to play ther sone of he montoguse to this daurter of the cappidts
	layer_4: justlinhorgt it strange that he should be throm by fat into porsition to play the son of the onteguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: jostl in horgt it stranged that he shuld be throwm by fate into a position to play the sun erf the monterguese to this daughter of the capitites
	layer_8: joselin thought its strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the monteguese to this daughter of the capidets
	layer_10: josselin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montegus to this daughter of the capidets
	layer_12: josselyin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capidets

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: nheo i soll go onan get a lodging in bup oth tiwn ife ever i reachit
	layer_4: noh i sholl go on and get a loging in bubath tin if ever ireachit
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubth tin if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubbath town if ever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it ies solatof the thet wlre binor huse open axsep tor bittle placst re the station my yo wont carter stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha that will een now house open accep to little placte a the station wierl you wont care to stay
	layer_6: it is so lateof that that will be no house open accept a little place nea the station will you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so latee that there will be no house open ecept a little place near the station whire you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open ecept a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the idend was an ilentd sti
	layer_4: the iland was an ilant still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had nont ren ize the fors of the atimens to now
	layer_4: they had not reanlized the forse of the ademens till now
	layer_6: they had not rellized the force of the enements till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he stid did her bodlyi by in surtling her wacet with his arn and she made norbjection
	layer_4: he sid ed her bodairly aby insrcling her wast with his arm and she made no  bjection
	layer_6: he sided her boddirly by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he sidded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he sidded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he sidded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pititer and wie he ondtrdatted at mard her determination
	layer_4: he pittiter and while he wonded at ed ad mard her ditermination
	layer_6: he pit et her and while he wanded at et admard her determination
	layer_8: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admared her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: ther application froamistion ler te to the with groar of a bold and the stod within the gasliht of the passige
	layer_4: there application for amission lead e to the with dral of aboat and tey stood within the gaslighte of the passage
	layer_6: their application for a mission led to the withdrawl of a bot and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawl of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bot and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now the thorshe was such af fine ficer quit as torldas himself she was but tin the bloom of young woman hoord
	layer_4: he could see now that though she wasuch a fine ficar quit as tallers himself she was but in the bloom ofe young woman whood
	layer_6: he could see now that thogh she was such a fine figure quite as tall ers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i were til te selvert to do thisond sen you ups onthy deet
	layer_4: i wile tel the selvent to do this and cend you ups on the doeat
	layer_6: i will tel the servant to do this and send youups unthe do at
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up sune to at
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up sumndhyn to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up sunthy to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt reavin as lhey hungry himself and sed about dryng his lo the sus wllas e cood and eateing oft the same time
	layer_4: he felt ravenusly hungrey himself and set about drying his lot tha ss wellas he coold and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his cloth thas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clotheas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revernously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ad or some temporearaps son somesliprs from the cobrd he was condtrived to make imself comfitable when the madeselv aned camed anstars whit thae damp amforl of womans rament
	layer_4: by the aide ofe some temper arapsand some slipors from the couberd he was contrived to mak himself comfortable when the made serv ant camed nstairs with tha dampr armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some tempary raps and some slippers from the cubbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maide serfant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some tempory raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: ou wa stlepi mykge said pison
	layer_4: you wae slep i my go said peston
	layer_6: you all sleep i my go said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my go said pierson
	layer_10: you will sleep in mi gorl said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleep in my gir said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he e gaime becan concies of the chaind whic to ben inishated jo in te boak
	layer_4: he agane becanm consious of the chaned which to bean aniciated jon the bak
	layer_6: he againe became conscious of the chande which had been initiated join the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the chainge which had ben initiated duing the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the chainge which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the chainge which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the wellbllovid was move house had gon over to the wara of thisatar
	layer_4: the well beloveid was moving house had gon over to the war of this atar
	layer_6: the well belovid was moving house had gone over to the warer of this ati
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and howbout it lev his cao
	layer_4: and howbout it l evehis carro
	layer_6: and haabout little eve is carrow
	layer_8: and how about litte ev's carrow
	layer_10: and how about little eve's carrow
	layer_12: and how about little eve's carrow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things arange themselves
	layer_6: things arange themselves
	layer_8: things arranged themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the cantis neve a gave wy an inge
	layer_4: but the cantice nevergave way and nch
	layer_6: but the cantis never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cantess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the contess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the folowing was the ansir whic she retrnd so thef no t riten to herby and juldiar
	layer_4: the following was the ansor which she returnd sod the no to riten to her by arndi julia
	layer_6: the following was the ansewer which she returned so the note ritten to her by antrjulia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shoale o't owr harded grink wime ithem and shud do a hunderathings whec toud make themthing me ar beast
	layer_4: i shoul not no hard ot drink wime wit thm and sheld do a hunder athings whireh wud make them thingt me a beast
	layer_6: i shoul not now howd a drink whime with them and she do a hunderd af things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shold not know how to drink wie with them and should do a hundref things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundredo things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: buot the gar bate for some to day
	layer_4: but the go bat for some to day
	layer_6: but the girl baged for some do day
	layer_8: but the girl beged for some do day
	layer_10: but the girl begged for some do day
	layer_12: but the girl begged for some do day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: hit was a mat of the requard to beconsiderd
	layer_4: it was a mat of tha drequairdt to be concided
	layer_6: it was a mat of thet drequird to be considtered
	layer_8: it was a mater that requiret to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: pride en him myht is weak as prid in then
	layer_4: priede ind him might be us wek as pried in then
	layer_6: pride in him might be as week as prite in then
	layer_8: pride ind him might be as weak as priht an then
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as prihte in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as priht in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv he wir put iut their hans to him whi should e ofusedto put ud ison
	layer_4: ep hre wilre put out their hans to him why should he refuse to put ho his on
	layer_6: if te werel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put ot his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: artadar reeevet in curtiusly hand i lrnd to like the man an destaniyg that hiel had behaed with onisty and wisdom in regard to his cland andrespectingim s hone of the work as of the day but he de clard that fol tha ovle famny as a family he did not caeortheprtikculy
	layer_4: oar tala received hin curtieusly hand hing learned to like the man un destaning that hel had behaved with onesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respectinghim as one of the work as of the day but he dedclared that for thelovel family as a family he did not carefor themprticully
	layer_6: artalor received him curtiously hading learned to like the man understaning that helhe had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respectinghim as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particuly
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: the u pols ta sand or fror me he said
	layer_4: they a poles a sander fo me he said
	layer_6: they are poles a sander from me he said
	layer_8: theyr arepoles asander from me he said
	layer_10: they are poles asander from me he said
	layer_12: they are pols asander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but byyor god forton a meridt ivt yu ul alamito say c you have rovo fom the one pol tvheryfrt owal s y other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun a mearit if you wile a lamy to say sa you have troveo from the one pol tvery far towals he other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ae merrid if you will allow my to say so you have travele from the onepole very far to wards the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune an merit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: apressend i thit thof the sents of the countrias in faver of an aristopcrsy afe barh
	layer_4: a pressent i thitethef the sens of the countries in faver of an arristocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the countri s in favor of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favor of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when you refor mastamong em di yo not wish to bethir master
	layer_4: when you wer for mos tomong them tid you not wish to be ther mastr
	layer_6: when you were formost among them did yo not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: hit is on to it ua leg es sitsive tha o humen efat shuod and must tend
	layer_4: hit is one to itu legus sitlive an o humen efrt shouod and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to bitjawl legisitive and all human effortshould and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to wit jawl legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which al legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: wen you mahte much watt a boilmis tof fat sown tatble probe ly billover
	layer_4: when you mate much wat of boyloe mis to fhagt sow vit wle probaly byl ovr
	layer_6: when you make much wate boiol mister threigt soe of it will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boi l miter thret some of it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thret some of it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister threte some of it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quight at gre ithyou that the sil ga sha be kep for theirelders and sai the covsation was ended
	layer_4: i quit a gree with you that the sillt gans shol be kept for their elders and sai the convesation was ended
	layer_6: i quite agree with you that the sil gans shold be kept for their elders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_8: i quite agree with you that the silk gans shold be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gans hould be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gans hould be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her the was ar re al wish th atf the pos mip bejindd to gethur by haf u chur haspend
	layer_4: with her the was a reorwish that the pols mag bejoind together by her futur husbaned
	layer_6: with her there was a reaal wishe that the pols might bejoined together by her futur husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wishe that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hv you redy bash id you sll go he said
	layer_4: ive you ready wisal you sha go he said
	layer_6: if you readly wishyel you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you really wih i you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and able one to be mbardin ha as me
	layer_4: and a blue one to be marridin ul as me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be marridin ha askd me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be marriedin a aske me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be married in a ask me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in al as me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: must ive a pink sillt goun to wak about in ari in th morning
	layer_4: must i havea pink silt gowndto walk about in earli in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silt goun to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i sou nas ee dand my wrst hidstoking his weethart
	layer_4: id sooncsev dand my worst id stoking hasweet art
	layer_6: i soonasei've dane my worsted stocking the seethart
	layer_8: i soon easeyoue dawned my worsted stocking the sweet heart
	layer_10: i soon aseyouv dawned my worsted stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: is soon eseyv dawned my worsted stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coand dot ha to
	layer_4: i coan to tha to
	layer_6: i can doth hat twoo
	layer_8: i can doth hat too
	layer_10: i can dooththat too
	layer_12: i can doo that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnow al sitton er rit alett the my ld
	layer_4: and ow ill sitdone n rigta let ie te my lord
	layer_6: and now i'll sit downe and rital letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she drars cloce anda sat his fis
	layer_4: she drawse cloe and  sat his fys
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he couldnot forget mishis pinaveen'so ys ther heuremembut nothing of her other facial detels
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin aveen's eyes thet he remembrt a nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pine aven's eyes thaugh he remembered nothing of her other facial detels
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pinaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: afte wad s they kept upart awill in the droing rom for form sak but hfv entuly grevetateids togevhir agane and fin ish the evening inech aothrs compiny
	layer_4: afterwads they kpt a part arwil in the droing room for form sake but hav entully gravitateds togevher agane and finished the evening ineach other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but aventuarly gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but his was nod all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wos able
	layer_4: but wae able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was on fartogive ferthet with iut telting her eveen tho ithe too suj expisides a not ben apsideclydemanded
	layer_4: it was unfaire to gove ferther without telling her eaven thoug hi the to such expicinisce had not ben asiletly demanded
	layer_6: it was unfar to gov further without telling her even though ither two such explicinesce had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he detrmentetoe colimetily on the n incanation
	layer_4: he determente to callimeatutly on the new inconation
	layer_6: he determins to call imegetely on the knew incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incanation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incirnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she div not far from the long fashnable hamtanthe squer and he went ther ther withexpectations of having a hity amotional time at least
	layer_4: she live not far from the long fasionable hamptaonshusquare and he went the theu with expectations of having a heigly amotional time atleast
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonchre square and he went thetherh with expectations of having a highly amotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashonable hamptonsh square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshere square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshere square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some ow the vat y belpl seemn co ol ther she had s er anstey ast eme to com
	layer_4: but some hou the vene belpbl seemed col al thugh she had ser urnestly asthim to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very belpl seemed col al though she had so earnestly aske him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: rasing he eyes an a sightlhy in qarring an of from the bokshe has reating she lenta backin hear chere as if soking hrsel in lucxsordiurs sensations which ad nothig to do with him and replid do his greating with a fw comenmplace wrds
	layer_4: rasing her eys an a slightely inquaring man or from the book she was reeading she lent backin her chaire as if suking her self in lucx eurdieus sensations which had nothing to do with him and repliede to his greating with a few comon place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in lux yurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: jushrs s they trn e deearr in te porto the space of a single night sar thisold  as bentakan an doctordan triteid abortam brogt irt rs a new popiler dity indeed
	layer_4: just tes they turn wa dearar intor pourtin the space of a single night sai this old air as been taken and doctordan tristed aboutam brought iutas ar new popila dity inded
	layer_6: justas they turn adeara intor port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctrd and tristed about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_8: justas they turn madera intor port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctord and twisted about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn madeera into port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn medeera into port in the space of a single night say this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thourd ulitle and ten ther wentaon to tok abort her heuse which a be nulepented and decrated with grenishe brlo satin upt o the highteof a persence ed and arange men that someort him prve ter spigtly faded thostil prity face and as helped by the aornings ever the windors
	layer_4: she thougd a little and then they wen t on to tok abou t her hous which a be newlypanted and decorated with greanish bloose satin up to the hight of ar persence ead and arangement that somewht improved her slihtly faded tho still pretty face and as hepd by the ornings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thoughd a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had bee newly painted and decorated with greenish bluee sat in up to the height of a person's ead and arangement that somewat improved her slightly faded thogh till pretty face and as helped by the owrnings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue sat in up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the owrnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the oawnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the ownings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hers sihve had my hou soeiers shebservet complacently and i li eud beter evereyar
	layer_4: hes si have had my hows some yars shebserved complacently and i likcoud better ever yar
	layer_6: yes i have had my hous some yars she observed complacently and ilike i better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: den s yu felld le nin it sometims o never
	layer_4: den't you fiel le nein it sometimes o never
	layer_6: don't you feel leene in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel lenein it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel levni an it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel levnean it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: hort ar an sivil thing to say she morbid ins arprice
	layer_4: hat an un siveil thing to say she merbid incsurprice
	layer_6: what an uncivilthing to say she murbed in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murbured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it his rot hransivle
	layer_4: it is ro heransivel
	layer_6: it is rather unsivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as uponishmnt she didnot rin the bel b ut theftint fint his way art as he couod
	layer_4: as apunishment she did not ring the bell but leftin to find his weay auct as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left imto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i shmeat latde chunlclive seothe ight
	layer_4: i so him ant laty chunnoeclif se othe night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chunnol clifse other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady churnol clifse other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady chennelclifs the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady chennelcliffs the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josil inperst in
	layer_4: josilimpieerston
	layer_6: jocelim pieerston
	layer_8: joselin perston
	layer_10: joseline perston
	layer_12: josseline perston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o did te mary hear
	layer_4: oh didn'ty marryher
	layer_6: oh didn't e marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sid misut pinevern with the start
	layer_4: sit misud pin ovem with a start
	layer_6: said missut pinopen with ha start
	layer_8: said missus pine opem with a start
	layer_10: said missus pinapen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pinapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: but juslem as reeeting fom the prety wides hus with long strits
	layer_4: but justlim as receeding from the prety wuld as huse with long strites
	layer_6: but jostlim was receeding from the pretty widaws house with long strides
	layer_8: but joslymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but josslim was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but josslym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: thede aris sud left the drin om fromomento to see that a was riht in the dining rom a en he bas shrn hin therstord a lone in the lamblight nicallupinaveen
	layer_4: leady ari sud lefto the droine rom fromoment to see that al was righte in the dining rom ad on he was shurnion thers tod alowne in the lamblight nicll u pin aven
	layer_6: ladyaris had left the growing room fro oment to see that al was right in the dining room and when he was shurnion there stod alone in the lamblight nikhol ar pine aven
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that al was right in the dining room and when he was chernion there stod alone in the lamblight nichola pine aven
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chernion there stood alone in the lamplight nichollapine aven
	layer_12: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chernion there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine aven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she ha been the ferst arivle
	layer_4: she had ben the fersd arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he ovthe geststroptin the pr retreeated into er shadty corner and she toketd besid him til al moved of for the eting and drinking
	layer_4: as e otherguests tropdin the pair retreated into a shady cornor and she talked beside him till al moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guests dropped in the paire retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not ben apoinded to tak ur acrosto the daning m but of the table fandt er exactly hoppercit
	layer_4: he had not ben appointed to takeer acrosst o the dining room but a the table fandher exactly oppecit
	layer_6: he had not ben appointed to take her across to the dining oom but at the table fond her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the presantcase was he ort tistic comandation  she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the aurtistic commondation  she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation  she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the eidhy un' dosinin's left whife of a lar o just is of of a pel was in like manar troking to herc ompanin on the ortoside sor that for the tim he was lef tor to himself
	layer_4: the ledy on jostonin's left whife of a la to justhis of of appeal was in like manar tolking to herkcom pan on on the outeside so that for the time he was left to to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonin's left wife of a lar justic of of apeal was in like mannere talking to her companin on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on joselyn's left wife of a lod justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on josselin's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on josselyn's left wife of a lord justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it kame fro the wifef orf one of his farthas fom a workmen and mas concserning her son hom she beed juslintereck amand as candetits forsome posd in tan the he wished himeto fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife orf one of his fathas form a workman and was conserning hers sun whom she beged justlento recomend as caunded its for some posd in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife o one of his father's formee workman and was concerning her son whom she beged jostlin to recommand as counded its for some post in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged joslin to recommend rs caundidits for some post in turn that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged josselyn to recommend rs candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommendes candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what tis net sury to the complenuss of the sta at thi stage is not tary cappedthoigt but to take psome of the lose ands of th thracs whel we nheing and folloed than throo and ti the cler and comperehencs the pictrur of te varns canby sang
	layer_4: what is nese seray to the complenes of the stry at thi stage is not tory capedt liht but otake up some of the lose ands of the thracs wholrvee ning and followed than throu andti the clear and comprehins the picture of the vens can by sen
	layer_6: what is necescarye to the compleness of the sdary at this sdage is not to re capid o late but to take up some of the loose ands of the thrancs wover ning and followed then throug unti the clear and comprehensethe picture of the vence can be seen
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the starry at this stage is not to re capitulate bat to take up some of the loose ends of the thrats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehense the picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completess of the starry at this stage is not to re capitilate but to take up some of the loose ents of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of thevents can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completess of the starry at this stage is not to ree capitilate but to take up some of the loose ents of the threats wovening and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way of thy venter his heard
	layer_4: the way o tly venter his heard
	layer_6: the way ofthing venter his hard
	layer_8: the way of the ventur is hard
	layer_10: the wayf the inventor is hard
	layer_12: the way of the inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometims wres cabid to hawphim the working out his crode conuptions bud ein whe then it is freqne don at ad hisress fe caoshed u persmosaander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes wres cabito to hap him he working ot his crut consaptions bud en  then it is frecnwe dun at a istressfo coshed a persomossarander
	layer_6: he can sometimes reiscabitive to help him he working out his crud conseptions but in then it is frequn we done at at distressfo coshtd a persomase rander
	layer_8: he can sometimes wre is cabita to help him e working out his crude conceptions but if then it is frequently done at a distressfl cosht a personal scerander
	layer_10: he can sometimes rr s capital to help him i working out his crude conceptions but i then it is frequently done at a distresst fl cot a personal surrander
	layer_12: he can sometimes rer is capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but ive then it is frequently done at a distressfo cot a personal surrander

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: whe the wesout is a cheved the avensie maex  its the par on the scor of e conmy onmenteari ou of afferd and then labwer olen awids with crussiing in to rany cwas spirit dismashd theyg apoutes of for birt is var us
	layer_4: whenthere resout is a chieved the evenshimixe its the parl ond the schor of e conimy omateari ou off affored and then labwere oven awaites with crusing into ranycuspirit dismashe the appades of ferbitits ver use
	layer_6: when te resout is achieved the evenshamikes its the pal on the schoore of economy a matiori a of efford and then la ber oven ewaits with crushing in to ranico spirit dismashed the apaais of ferbi its very use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the iventiemix its te peail on the schore of economy o mateori aof efford and then la bere op en e weits with crushing andteranico spirit dismatched the apaadis of forbid its very use
	layer_10: when the resout is achieved the eventr mix its apl on the score of economy of maturia a of efford and then laber of en ne wets with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the apaadas or forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resount is achieved the eventer mix its appil on the score of economy of matoria af of efford and then laber ofen ne weits with crushing and tyranico spirit dismatched the apaaras of forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: pasbilly uranatsion oa ulersom as wrevading the vention the seking bhe higd nit somechack
	layer_4: possbilly aue anatsion a obtsom as wed veauding the vension the seking be highagood nit some chack
	layer_6: possibilly oulre enation t optism as weervuting the vension the seeking behigh a good net some chack
	layer_8: possibilly our o nationa opotism as wreveding the vention the seeking behigha good and et some chack
	layer_10: possibly oro nationa optism as revieweding the vension the seeking b hia good and ets some chack
	layer_12: possibly or nationa optism as revieweding the vension the seeking be hia good and ets some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: pasivilly the liters whe trabue two fast an two far on the wro tof hrfaction  avfe conso idison dinot als o plaie siludry prt aing insisting theat the percession of fored asea ho
	layer_4: posivieliy the lites would trabere two fast n two far on the roat of efaction ive conse vitisem dinot als of plates soludorypart an insisting that the percessiom o forwid asa ho
	layer_6: posibaly the littes would travel twoo fast n two far on the rotetof ferfaction if consuviticon did not also playts solutary part an insisting that the perecession moe forwad assaho
	layer_8: posibilly the litdters would travel too fast and too far on the rot of arffection if consevidisen did not also playe salutary part aininsisting that the procession move forward asaho
	layer_10: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on the road tof rafaction if consel vitison did not also playthe salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asaho
	layer_12: possibly the litters would travell too fast and too far on the roade tof refaction if consel vitison did not also play thi salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asaho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contory the condrtions forth eceptons haw be rath oh faskt
	layer_4: on a contery the condrtions forth aseptons ha bee ragt nn fasd
	layer_6: on a consary the condetions forith asseptions hav bing righten fast
	layer_8: on e contary the condertions forth ascceptions have beeng wrighteng fast
	layer_10: on he contrary the conditions forh exceptions have been wrigtened fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the conditions forh ecceptions have been wrihtened fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yads the verybo gir of they lutrec ardlight made harrr theyourribofthe incondessend
	layer_4: yad thet very bogoe of the lactric ardlight mate hardor the rible of the incondessond
	layer_6: yed thet very bogo of the latric artlight made hardor the aribl of the incondestened
	layer_8: yet the very bogo of the elatric artlight made harder the arrival of the incondesstenetd
	layer_10: yet the very boga of the elactric art liht made harder the arrival of the incondescent
	layer_12: yet the very boga of the elactric artliht made harder the arrival of the incondescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number o pharad arklinn compons or a ein insistens and a gread emanyloke acomes hadbing ciud intiping ounde fren shise for commur shl bisiness anthexcectut raglasiti contrexs for  street line
	layer_4: anumber  parant arklinin compans werea ing inistanc and a greati many loke acomnis hadbeen cad intuphing under frienshyse for comer shoubisiness an t exectute ragulasiti contracs for n street lin
	layer_6: a number of parent arclining compance wer a in insistence and a great many loclcomness havd been caet into bing under friendshise for commer shou business and to exactude ragulacitic contracts fr  street lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arclining compants werea in inistence and a great many local componess had been caghed into bing under frenshise for commersal business and to exacute ragular cityc contracts forthe street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arclining companis or in existence and a greata many local comanis had been caughed into beng under frenchis for commercial business and to exacute ragular city contracts for the street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arclining companis wor in existence and a great ar many local componis had been caghed into beeng under frenchis for commercial business and to exacute ragular city contracts for the street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thus and the careis mener the mo knard of r lact tre line was in of verigeo sans evead a gans esself with intuns reberis andjealices whichwere  non the las rel whecus they were but tempery ande curdingth fout wher utim euning o the forse wors in aptabl
	layer_4: thus and the curs menered they ma nart of lac trylineing warsing o verageho sanse evidet agains is self with intnce reberies and jelaces which werea non the las real thecaussed they were but tempery and occurding e fout where utmat uning ofthe forse wors in aptable
	layer_6: thus and the caros manered the ma nard of lactryelinding warsing a verage who sense drivided agains hiself with intinse reberies and jealluces which were non thelass real bhecauset they were bu tempary and occurding thougt where uttmate uning of the force wers inaptable
	layer_8: thus and the curous mannered the monart of lactaory liing waesin a verye ro sense divided against hiself with in tims rebaries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but tempoary and occurrdingt thougt where autmate eurning on the force was inaptable
	layer_10: thus and the curious manner the modrn ard of te lactory lighning was en a very true sense divided against hitself with intimes reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurding wthaht where ultimate euning of the force was ineptable
	layer_12: thus and the curous manner the modrn ard of e lactory lighning was en a very true sense divided against hitself with intimes reveries and jealouses which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrding withaht where ultimate euning onf the force was inefitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans teny ars af teo the firset avisinstation werestapplished the motherd s they ing voved could be faily croatet with no lestan six eseven presend
	layer_4: hans twen y ers afte the frst atisonstation were stalished the mat theirds tey in voved could be failly cratet with no lestan six y seven precsend
	layer_6: handse twenty years after the first atisenistation were staplished the matthirds tey invoved could be failly cred id with no lessthand sixty seven present
	layer_8: heance twenty years after the first adicon e station werestablished the matthords tey involved could be failly creded with no less than sixty seven pere sent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methords they involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it rl ber wradly inmasstoe thad inder the s conditions the mard lining hom e suppulise to wids custommeast boughth incondusened and arglineing freacanly from the same di naml iluct trak misshenary asas suoers ofe carend and thout the o fod aspbed tong the ri wasistons hastied ad
	layer_4: itwill be radly unmist thad onder these conditions the mad ligning comp y supplised to wids custenest bouth incondusend and arclining freqcrenly from the same di naml  iluctrik mahi nary asas surs of carend and thout the o fud asbeton they ri was istence has died at
	layer_6: it will be readly un mestoe that ounder these conditions the modlighting compiy suppliesd hoins customrist both incandusened and arg lining frequently from the same diname electrik machinery as has souers ofe carren and thou the owd food asd betonthe riv was istance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be redly understood that uunder these conditions the mode lighting company supplies to its customers both incondesened and arklining frequently from the same dinamea electri machinery ask e suers of carrent and tha the od foud as beteen the rivbllssistance has died at
	layer_10: it will be redly understood that uunder these conditions the moden lighning company supplies to is customers both incandescent and arc lining frequently from the same dinamal electric machinery ase suers of current and that the od food as betwen the rivbal sistance has died at
	layer_12: it will be redly understood that uunder these conditions the moder ligning company supplies to is customers both incandescent and archlining frequently from the same dianamal electric machinery as e suers of current and that the od food ass between the rivbal asistance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfat fore some years past there hatidance of thet naechionowlyu lactric ight esoshation happeng shoson oa mos exs clusifuly forom thammon the manegres hof the gread atar sand lin in combters in he ladein sidis
	layer_4: in thact for some year's past there rhusidencs of the nathionowy lattric light a sociation happin choson oamos ex closively forom the mon the maneres oe the gread aticn lignin comptese in the laten cidus
	layer_6: in thact for some years pased ther huidente ofthe nationo ylatric light association happing chosen olmost exclusively for m tamon the managrs f the great atisont lintig compnence in the lading sitis
	layer_8: in fact for some years passed their heidents of the natinal eletric liget association happing chosen almost exclusively for am among the managers of the great adison lignincompness in the liding citizs
	layer_10: in fact for some years passed the presidents of the national electric lihed association have beieng chosen amost exclusively for am among the managers of the great adison lighning companes in the liding citize
	layer_12: in fact for some years passed the presidents of the national electric lihed association have being chosen amost exclusively for am among the managers of the great adison lihning companess in the liding citize

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the otheistrom abresition to the incondesselihd came from te gas indisre
	layer_4: the outhe stran obosition to the incondescinlihde came from the gas indisre
	layer_6: the otherstrong obosition to the incondusinlight came from the gans indasgrew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incanduscin ligt came from the gas indes grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incondescen light came from the gas indes grew
	layer_12: the otther strong opposition to the incondescent light came from the gas indusgrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: there alsod the most peterefelling was shon
	layer_4: theire also the most betrfeeling was shon
	layer_6: there also the most beter feeling was shon
	layer_8: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_10: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_12: there also the most peter feeling was shon

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gasminage d in no like arclit bd a intoford only with his treet seris wherd swrose not hiselar dosuors of in come by anymins
	layer_4: the gas menagad in no like arclihde bud i intoferd only with his treet servas wher sworse not his lar de sorse of income by anymings
	layer_6: the gasmanaga did not like arclied but a interfered only with his treet service whershweres not his lard is surcive income by anymings
	layer_8: the gasmanagea did not like aurclide but i interfered only with his street service wheri wars not his lard issource of income by animings
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclit but i interferred only with his street service wherh wes not his largessource of income by anymeans
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arclite but it interferred only with his street service whech wes not his largeassource of income by anymeans

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here gin waseven the most comvingsiong t em hast ration of tha trwu that suchon adition to the re sorses of min cind a was cerris witht unsuspacnedbanirfits even foris animess
	layer_4: here gan wras gieven the most convingsing demistration of the true that such an edition to the re sorses of mang kind a was carius with t at unsuspacknmed banifats aven for his animeis
	layer_6: here again asgivin the most convinging demisteration of the tru that such anadition to the res sourzes of men kind all was carris with it unsurspactmed banefots even for his animois
	layer_8: here again was given the most convinging demostration of the truth that such an eddition to the resources of mankind always carress with it unsuspacted banefits even for his animis
	layer_10: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always caress with it unsuspected benefits even for his anims
	layer_12: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carress with it unsuspected benefits even for his animus

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: this was no lon not youenorstly thispurtishune an to day hi hunders of sidis the lactrlakc angas provrs ar younid it oun er that one maisment whichtess not find it ing passible to pich ing the friendly im pr gresaway the you sofe boath e luminentce
	layer_4: this was nout lan not you norsly the spirti shoune an to day i handrs of sidicsd they lactrake and gas probvos ar you niht at ounder that one manisghment which dest not find it ing possible to piush ing the friendly im prgresiway the ous of both elominence
	layer_6: this was not lan no it unorsaly the spite shon and to day a hundrs of sitest the lactrikc an gas provise are u nihd it ander that one managhment which des not find it impossible to pich ing the friendly am progressiway the use of both eluminane
	layer_8: this was not lan no unorosaly the spiritis shon and to day e hundres of citiz theylectrac and gastprovis are unieded under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish ing the friendly an progressive way the use of both illuminance
	layer_10: this was not long nou unvrsally the spiritits shown and to day i hundreds of citiz the electric and gas provis are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not long nou universally the spiritits shown and to day i hundreds of citiz the electric and gas provis are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: hi most concepeie was ousam po theis iedany of entrest is giveenling ouw yoro teself
	layer_4: e most conspegue was usam pof thise i dany of enterest is givenlying new your giself
	layer_6: thet most conspige oas esamp of these idanty of interest is given thin new your iself
	layer_8: the most conspiguouous eamp of thise identy of interest is given thei new york itself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identy of interest is given t new york itself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example of this identy of interest is given e new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the aly abosition of which h theiwerep plendy
	layer_4: so much for the ely obosition of which ther werebps plendy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which theire werep's plandy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which theire works plenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: ba e ma be quesstiond white thear inartiurs nont ecoi to be drat et wiuth actof ew el
	layer_4: bu ama be quesstiont whete ther ineursurs not equally to be draded with actif eu will
	layer_6: but i may be questiond whether in earsers not equally to be drated with active ewill
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether in erchie is not equally to be drabded with active iewill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether inersiar is not equally to be drated with act of i will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether inursiar is not equally to be drauded with act of ill will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of cursed a greamany conse were wedan and rad but wy wilchaunu intrispss erouset ite was nesa serrtly ip thadi
	layer_4: of courstd a greamany consewere weden and rad but whiywe ganow interespes arouset it was nesas rily opathatic
	layer_6: of course a greay many couns were raden and rad bu why  jani interestpers arouse it was necessarily apathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were readen and rat but why  jannie interesp ras aroused it was necessarily apothetic
	layer_10: of course a great many acounts were reaten and rad but whyd jane interest was aroused it was necessarily a pthetic
	layer_12: of course a great many counts were reaten and read but why janne interest was aroused it was necessarily a pathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wha gaut ed athe gre barcan and onle patosmor some dam an the balis to wat ogcge
	layer_4: wit got ut o the grea barkan and only pats more some dam and the balase ton watagatge
	layer_6: wha god ut at the gree barkon and only pat us more some dam and the ballastan watogage
	layer_8: what god at at the gree bargkin and only paid us more sumdam an the ballyston wadrgage
	layer_10: what got it at the greek bargin and only paid us more sumdamn and the balston wadergage
	layer_12: what got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sumdam and the balleston wategage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: we sel then for fory cene bu they r were ally bo to ony with therry s ousns of thm
	layer_4: was se them for forey stence bu they a were olnly bou teny oih thir ys ousons of them
	layer_6: wis sow them for foure stance but they e were only about twenniy oah thorys thousans of them
	layer_8: wouth sow them for four iens but ther were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: would sew them for for istents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_12: would sew them for four istents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fortheyear i gateduntwih thoti sevensans an a maht ar the mony apt in on yer that i ha as prevwisly
	layer_4: the fortheyear i godadone toi thuty sevem sands and ad mate al the money apt in one year that i helaf prevbasly
	layer_6: the fourtear i gode done t thoty seven sandce and ammade all the money apt in one year that i halafed prvously
	layer_8: the fourth year i got it one to thorty seven sents and i made all the money aped in one year that i had lohed prevously
	layer_10: the fourth year i got it onto thirty seven cens and i made all the money apt in one year that i had loved previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got it onto thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had loved previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: enenofthe ingsidence which s cot overy grea chepening ors that when wesedardet wone of th impoorn pro sesses hat to be don by axperts
	layer_4: henenog the ensidence whichs cout avery grea chepening wrs tat when we sdartet went of the impoorin procsesses hat  be dn by axparts
	layer_6: one of the incidence which coed a very great cheepening wars that when we s dartet went of the importan prucesses hado be done by acperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which cauget a very great sheapening was that when we started one of the important prucesses had t be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which cout a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important precesses had to be done by experts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caust a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important precesses had to be done by experts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a felling aroum for some dace i gougt aclo how oe do it
	layer_4: af to feeling arand for som dayce i got a clue  how oe do it
	layer_6: after feeling arom for some days i got a clu  how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then mate an o the mashaing which ti the word nicely
	layer_4: at then made andothe mashinguwhich di the woridnisely
	layer_6: at them made an other mashinguwich di the word nisely
	layer_8: at then made an other machine which did the word nicely
	layer_10: ad then made another machine which did the word nicely
	layer_12: ad then made another machine which did the word nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ainsadenly e may be bouiet asialose tradofh of the cron brout tw atisonthat i he had the fac trey t at hoson and emporing he chiedies wreader wen two ham mence andet a dinamo to bey ron by hin por
	layer_4: encer denly i may be ouiet as lus tradofh of the prowhn prout to aticentat while he had the fact trey at harrsing and eimporing te chinies wreeder when to hamench and it a danimoe to be ron by hind power
	layer_6: insirdenly it may be neliyod as losetrativ of the prowln prought to aticent hat while he had the factory at harisin and impouring the chines reader wen to hamench wantded a donamor to be ron by hind power
	layer_8: incidently it may be delliat as lue strative of the prowlan brought to adisen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reader when to hemench wanted a dinemor to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidently it may be delliot as lus trativ of the prow an brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reater when to hemench wanted a dinamo to be run by hen power
	layer_12: incidently it may be delliot as luse trative of the prow an brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reater when to hemench wanted a dinamo to be run by hen power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fro maecin tha dinim uwst aticensacurared as nody in the prsen chabeter thet roch in worsone gou wore sreet new yourgk and this was aswy quipt
	layer_4: fr make in tha dinamost aticensoccurd as notee ing the prceten chabiter thet roch i n wor son go wer sreet new york and this wis alswe quipt
	layer_6: for make in the dinamost adisence occured ask nota in the procding chabiter that roach ei in wors on go wor street new york and this wis alsowe quipe
	layer_8: for makin the dinamost adison eccured aske nota in the proceing chavitor the roach iron wrs on go work street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos adison secured asnota in the proceeding chabtor tha roach iron wrs on gowerk street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dinamos adison secured asnota in the proceeding chabiter that roach iron wers on gowerk street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sick mond  bird man who had gor pravisly with abison unsellof f om the paredisom fon ae gras an was orede making aisen spa sialitis mesmor wafe in ta loft ong o s turstreep e ork was asilthedhass of constructin sockes fixtrures iters sifty fuses nummerus othe ed ous
	layer_4: to sick mond birtman who had wgor privasly with aicon unsell o ron the paredissom fone agras an wis alredemaking aicon spacialitis tessmor wafe ing ghe logt ong o edrurstreet mnew yorkd was asing tet has of construct in sockats fixtures miters sifty fuses anumerous other etous
	layer_6: to sickmond birkman who had wer privosly with atisen untelepron the paratism poneagras ane was olready making atisen spacialltis nta s more way angla loft un louse drer street new york was asignthe hass of construct in sokes fixtures miters sifty fuses enumberous other theeatous
	layer_8: to sickmand birgman who had wered prevously with adison untellthe fron the pardisom phonograps anne was already making edison speciallitdis in a smalre way an galoft un loosedr street new york was a sign tetas of constructan sckets fixtures meters sifty fuses anumberous other detouse
	layer_10: to sicmond bergman who had worked previously with edison untatefom the paradisom phonographs anne was already making edison specialtis in a smale way anglalovt on loustr street new york was a signed as of constructing sokits fixtures meters sifty fuses numberous other details
	layer_12: to sicmond bergman who had worked previously with edison unteltefon the paradism phonographs anne was already making edison speciallitis in a smalle way an laloft on louster street new york was a signet ass of constructing sokits fixtures meters sifty fuses anumberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: an the arlly pard of aitinady one the atisan ulut tr ligde comly lastey od be shaimtion at sixty fife fif eveni close o forting street for is had quaers and shorincs
	layer_4: ain the erly pard of eihting ady one the adisent yulctry lighde comeney las te od be shamashion ato sixty fife fift evenm close to forting street for his had quaters and sho rimce
	layer_6: ain the early part of eightng eghty one the atize elaptarylignt comply least e yod bi shimasion ached sixty five fift ven close to forting street for his had quaters and show rimts
	layer_8: in the early part of eightn eighty one the adisn eleptory ligt company least a od be chamasian act sixty five fifth avenu close to fording street for his had quarters and show rims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edisone electr lihte company least tod b chimashan at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showrims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison electri linte company least teod b shimashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and showrims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of thi fin is homet in tesily of thouparid and is acuasition was o pre mond here sinme of the sarander of the fam is restn shau ovnrto commers
	layer_4: this wers one of then fine is homed in th cily of thout parid and is acuisition was a premant er sime of the surander of the fame is restenchoevnw to commerse
	layer_6: this were as one of thefine is homed in the cily of that pearod and is aquisition was a premonent wer signe ofthe surrender of the famous resten shor avenue to commerse
	layer_8: this wers one of thefineest homed in the ciy of that perod and is acquisition was a primont ere sign ofthe surreander of the famous restione shule avenue to commerse
	layer_10: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that perod and its acquisition was a prmonetresignd ofthe surrender of the famous reston shu avenue to commerse
	layer_12: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonetresign of the surrender of the famous reston shu avenue to commerse

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexpereset withe lat or gas angin wasoere their stortling
	layer_4: thexpureset with hi late oe gas anging was frie their startling
	layer_6: the expercsed with a lado gass enging was fry their startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a lato gas ngine was rather startling
	layer_10: they experienced with a leto gas anjine was rather startling
	layer_12: they experienced with a leto gas enjine was rather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da e was not going very wow and a endunt to the manin chirg an gout itx paring arant
	layer_4: one day it was not going tery wol and it one dnt to the maning chrage and god ex porring arant
	layer_6: one day it wash not going very will and it wone dunt to the maning charge and god expoouring araunt
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it wene june to the man in charge and god eporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it went jumpd to the man in charge and god exploring arant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went jumpet to the man in charge and god exploring arant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: out in exforl fivfe yuar suxte fi was o veradboe be hife day an nit
	layer_4: fhut an ex foral five yeuar six te fi was a verat aboe be hive daygan night
	layer_6: thet e next forol five year six tifi was a veryd abote be hife dag an night
	layer_8: forthe next four o five year sixty fie was a verid abot b hihe day and night
	layer_10: forthe next four or five year sixty five was te veridabo b hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five year sixty five was a veridabo b hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet routeen was ery much the same ase thout at the lobrtory ing hits ut anaclidt of the cok
	layer_4: thet ruting was very much the same ast thout athe labertory ing its utdenaclit of the clok
	layer_6: the rutin was very much the same asked that at the lobertory ing its artdernacolite of the clock
	layer_8: that rutin was very much the same asked that at the labratary ing its arenaclit of the clock
	layer_10: that routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its artenaclite of the clock
	layer_12: that routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its artinaclite of the clock

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: o as tell ing thegenti mon wone jay that i could not ce bar seecre even theyfy lkt the mae beon i dask they would breake ed open
	layer_4: i ws tell ing a gento mon one day that i could not keup arsecre even they i loke the m beem i dask they would bregk it open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentemon one day that i could not keep a secre even they fi locked them  been my desk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentlemon one day that i could not keep a secret even theyif i locked them  abee my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them mbe my desk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them mibe my desk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: hei s agjaste to me that he head o friand over an eith avenieg whor mit isuberad graite of seegirs an who whlh sho thema trt
	layer_4: he sajasete t me that he head a frand over on eit aveny who mid iu sbera greaid of segares and who would show thematrik
	layer_6: he suggasted to me that he had a friend over oneighth avenieng who mid a subera grat of segrs and who would show them a trik
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who med a superea grat of cegrs and who would show them a trik
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cegres and who would show them a trick
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who mad a superior grade of cegres and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sai that he woud have some of thon mahte a with har and o papor and i couldpot the ming withoud aword and see thet res out
	layer_4: he sai that he would have some of then mahte a with har and o paperand i could wut the ming without award and se therd resout
	layer_6: he sai that he would have some of the n made ab with hair and o paper an i could put them ing without a word and seethet resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of the made ab with hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the es out
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the res out

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i cou'kno worbo the moter
	layer_4: i cot no more it bou the moter
	layer_6: i hout kno more abou the matter
	layer_8: i fought no more atbout the matter
	layer_10: i tought no more about the matter
	layer_12: i fought no more about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: iedein a re member ando thing aboud ed
	layer_4: i din  remember andething abaut et
	layer_6: i adidn remember anything about it
	layer_8: i  didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busy on othat things to d enoudes
	layer_4: i was to busy un other things to deknotise
	layer_6: i was to busyoun other things to denotice
	layer_8: i was too busy yon other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy ong other things to denote ise
	layer_12: i was too busy among other things to denote ise

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spake nel thr sdace of nies at asnssas yers a go one of the grea ilinast was ramon
	layer_4: spekn  tho stace of nights atisnsays years ago one of the greatvilinust was ramone
	layer_6: speaking of tho sdays of nights andisnsays yers ago one of the great violinest was raminy
	layer_8: speaking of those days of nights anisn says years ago one of the great violinist was rameny
	layer_10: speaking of those days of nights andison says years ago one of the great violinist was ramene
	layer_12: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was rameni

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: who i tarqidh me ut i never aset him to bring his fyling
	layer_4: who wa alk witd h me ut i never ased him to bring his fyoleing
	layer_6: who woud talk with me bat i never asked him to bring his filling
	layer_8: who would talk with me bat i never asked him to bring his vilin
	layer_10: whe would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: whn nid he ckame waith his piling atbiued telvf aclack
	layer_4: whye nihd he came with his foling atbouwt telvf a clock
	layer_6: why night he came with his viling about tre o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his viling about telvf o'clock
	layer_10: why night he came with his vilin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why night he came with his filin about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: apt thad evei time he cim to newoorg he usdto carsxde fid lahteanid with his filingg
	layer_4: after that everytime he came to new yorg he us to coesectyfi late anight with his fiolinghed
	layer_6: after that every time he came to knew yorg he use to cosc tyfid late a night with his fiolinch
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to castifyd late a night with his viole inch
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to caa sixtifid late a night with his viole inch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to caa sixtified late a night with his violeinch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an athi thas iter hoit yuse to gefes a goo dol a usemend ampleasre was capan shaw the had o lentan fibwerygat
	layer_4: another thesiter whotd usedto gifass agoo da remusement anpleasr was kapen sha the had of lend and fiberagade
	layer_6: another tvisitor who woid used to givf us a goo dea remusement and pleasure was kaptain sha the had of lendand fiweragatde
	layer_8: another visitor who would used to give us a goodea amusement and pleasure was captain sha the head of lendon fiewaregate
	layer_10: another visitor who would used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shawh the head of lyndon fibery gat
	layer_12: another visitor who would used to give us a goo dealof amusement and pleasure was captain shawh the head of lyndon fibery gat

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe w gor out amon the filaties andd halta gre time
	layer_4: who weal go out amon the filadies and halv a great time
	layer_6: he wul go out umon the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fie ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fhire ladies and halv a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: spaking ofe tel thes doris i wancsgo thellga mas do is at the herwis ind l emn factry and ta yard as he wasleaving
	layer_4: spaking oge teales daris i wone goedallg a mans dorys at the hras n leam fatry and tha yared as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of tellis daris i wonce god allia ma's doris at the harisin lam factry in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of telas daris i once got telia man s doris at the harison lamn fhactory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of tellas doris i once got tallia mans doris at the harrison lamn factory in tha yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of telas doris i once got tallia mans doris at the harrison lamnfactory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hit was wainder and h ers al ing firs
	layer_4: hit was weindher an  he hers alwing firs
	layer_6: et was winder and he wrs alwing firs
	layer_8: he was windered and he was awing first
	layer_10: he was winder and he was owing first
	layer_12: he was winder and he was awing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i handnothing non to pretat me ae gastho cold
	layer_4: i had nothing om to protac me a ges tocod
	layer_6: i had nothing olm to protact me at guesst ticod
	layer_8: i had nothing noun to protect me at guest ta coat
	layer_10: i had nothing ong to protect me at guest a cot
	layer_12: i had nothing nong to protect me at guest a cot

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: thonthag l ry s ind hade by shapeto florid of forcur
	layer_4: ten t agob plearestien hadta be ship to flori o frcur
	layer_6: ane gob pleariciand haw o be shipd to florrye te fr cure
	layer_8: anagob plurisyant had to besheped to flori te frocur
	layer_10: anigob plurisiant had o beshappe to flori te procur
	layer_12: amigob plurisiant had to beshape to flori the procur

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ham mallnjour thy the lihts of entroeus andisipation and e perrotus plusure of faceng aisincs exparmentce
	layer_4: he har milengor theyt delights of entreus and hisipation and a pero thes pleasured of facon aience exparments
	layer_6: he hare mil inju the delights of ancrous and isipation and ta perles pleasue of facning adisence expariments
	layer_8: he hard merely endure the delights of anctreus anicipation and a perilous pleasure of facting adisen's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely endured the delights of ancerous anticipation and te perilous pleasure of facting adison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely endured the delights of ancrous anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facting adison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now afte is poitation was wrequid
	layer_4: now aftee e poytation was requite
	layer_6: now aftev ex ploitation was requietd
	layer_8: now after exploytation was requied
	layer_10: now after eploitation was required
	layer_12: now after eploitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lenden isgot and gory
	layer_4: lendon is got and glory
	layer_6: lendon is got and glory
	layer_8: lendon is got and glory
	layer_10: lyndon isgot and glory
	layer_12: lyndon isgot and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say bhest man ar moded ot he fates an for the most the com much more the better forebing a lil bad
	layer_4: they say best man aure moded out of fouts and for the most be come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moted out of fogts and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best men are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: stanling on the brokand callem of the osteber th wey hunda fetdebove praing ros hill welem sdtruck an adtudof  he ared tre go fasion and odter t the fulling orre taricof fligde
	layer_4: standing on the brokend collem of the o steebor thruway hundev feetebove prang rose hill well ems ruckan atitutof thear try go fashion and audter the folling ourretorric of flighd
	layer_6: standing on the broken collum of the ow steeber threey hunderd feetabove praimg rose hill will hamstruckan adidute of thertrico fashion and otter the folling arrytorico flied
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above praime rosehill willam struck an atitude of theortriko fashion and otter the foling aritorico flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the oa steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theotrico fashion and otter the foling aritoricol flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theotrico fashion and otter the foling aritorica flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glaris lenden
	layer_4: glorys lenden
	layer_6: glories lendon
	layer_8: glorius london
	layer_10: glorius london
	layer_12: glorius london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: a said how sanda thing that tha dayy wil con whe not o vast et of this one e formas aof how manarigy sharyman whre he cri of the waff bat an beden shu ally beherd and nater im wresooum her rusticks blend en desolation
	layer_4: sad how san to thing that that day will conm wherld not avastate of this oned o rmass oaf humanaagy sha reman where the cry of the waff bat and bedhom sheu alnly be heard a natureragim wresum her rustic sblendan dussolation
	layer_6: sad how sand to thing that the day willcon would not a vastage of this one of hremass hof humaneogy shall remain where the cry of the walf bat and beathom shoul alnly be heard a naturagin resume her rustic sblendond desolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wed not a vastage of this wone of rmass of human enegy shall remain wite the cry of the waf bat and beat im should alnly be heard and nature agan resume her rustic splendin desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wond remasse of human energy shall remain with the cry of the waf bat and beatem shoull only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendind desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastage of this wond fremasse of human energy shall remain with the cry of the waf bat and beat om shoull only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendind desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the deveas t eaven wasa resord for acters athirspba heemins thowrs anladis whou dit no eredtin arly to thear downingd coucus
	layer_4: the deveost heaven was a resort for actrs authors bahemions lors andladies wh  dit no retin early to thir downingd couces
	layer_6: the devolest heaven was ta resort for actors authors bahemions floors and ladies who  did no retine early to their downningt couchus
	layer_8: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemioans floors and ladies who h did not retin early to their downinged couches
	layer_10: the devilst heaven was tae resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was te resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well o a my sou soon fan rest indipes lonbern wo wafted awayint w oald dreameilys rim iur tied botas layn thi ing fowing arm sore morfors in to the pohta nok it our dowre nex mworying ast e clok of the tourestruc the our of ni
	layer_4: well on a mysou soon fan rast indeps lumbern  wafted away into ha dreamly's rim ur tied botis laying thi ing foing arm so moreforse unto the paotter nock at our dor next borning aste clock of the torestrucke the our of nine
	layer_6: well a ad my sou soon fonrast in deepslumberin and wafted away into a dreamelys rim our tide bodest laying the  infoding arm som morefarse unto the poter knock it our dor next morning asdthe clock of the towre struckt the hour of nine
	layer_8: wella and my sou soon found rest in deep slumbering and waftet away into a dreamlys rim our tid boise lay in theinfoding arms am morphors unto the potter knock at our dor next morning as t e'clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: wella and my sou soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodis lay in theinfoding arms am morphes unto the potter knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: wellam and my souf soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodis lay in theinfoding arms ammorphers unto the potter knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i firsud of sonrisinlan a giff as grean expitationcs of fame efordtion for surally alwe had rs glowingex watationcs
	layer_4: o fir sit of son rizsing len o gif ats gread exptations o fame an fordtn for suraely alwe had rs glowing exatations
	layer_6: a fir sid of sung risingland  give ut's gread expitations ol fame and fordtune for surely al we had ws glowing expetations
	layer_8: our first sighe of sunrising landar give uts great expetations of fame and forttune for surely al we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight oft sunrisingland er give us great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrisingland a give us great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: ofd exwitation fouse and most of ther wheremost epramises and ogh a heids wher ho wis codest and i sper most fits
	layer_4: oft axpitation fous and most ofd there where most e promises ind off a hids where hobeits codest and hispar most ts
	layer_6: oft expitation fous and most oftthere where most apromies and off a hids where hobe is cotest and thespare most fits
	layer_8: of expitation fous and most of there were most a promises and off a hids where hobe is codest and despar most fits
	layer_10: oft expetation faus and most off there were most a promises and off a hiz where hobe is codest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expetation faus and most off there were most a promises and off a hiz where hobe is codest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: diuses on dabere wen sixes trebicon
	layer_4: duses one dubar when sixes trebicoin
	layer_6: ducis one dubar win sixes trebicoin
	layer_8: deusis one dube win sixis trebicoin
	layer_10: deuses one dubo win sixes trebicon
	layer_12: deuses one duo win sixes trebocoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: wellemto the grad a masemend of the dilar fong a ganning in thatsenapot whichwrs inmedilly t hapt by jak wa they otherstooked on insilan expitation
	layer_4: well em to the greade masemend of the dillar flong agenning in thatscenapot whichwerse inmedally thapt by jack waed the others tlooked on insilin expatation
	layer_6: well him to the great amasement of the dillar flong aginning in thecenapot which weres immedilly tapt by jack while the otherstlooked on in sileng expitation
	layer_8: wellomed to the great amazement of the dillar flung a ginning in the senapot which weres immediately thappe by jack while the others looked on in silen expetation
	layer_10: wellome to the great amazement of the diller flung a guining in the senipot which wers immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: welcome to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinig in the senipot which wers immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: te pit jackg reput i'lari ser tke a worde forit
	layer_4: the plite jack reput i'll ri sir take at word for it
	layer_6: the plite jacg repied i'll riesir take it word for it
	layer_8: the polite jag repied a'll rite sir take i word for it
	layer_10: the polite jak replied all wrice sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack replied all rice sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i ivf sin my life upon he cast o ws stendthe hauserd of the dy
	layer_4: i hav send my life upon the cast i wl stande houserdt of the di
	layer_6: i have sen my live upon the cast a will stande hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast and will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i  medellyi falowd in his postaps ind foun majolkin with e lenlady ub o a cuf intan bo paps she was fandeling her compatious lep
	layer_4: i medili ollowed inhis fo staps and foun imajuking with e len lady abou o cupo fe ingthon bo paps she was fandeling her compasious lap
	layer_6: i meedily followed in his fistaps and found ima jokin with a lendlady about a coupe of ingthan boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: immeditly followed in his fot steps and foundhim a joging with ta landlady about a coupe of engthan boo phaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him a jokig with the landlady about a couple of england boo pehaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him a joking with the landlady about a couple of england boo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i fi hat jobed out of ea clouts whell un could not have bing more pleased osuprised and the fealing was resiprco
	layer_4: ify hadt joped out of a clouts whillen could not have beeng more pleased o suprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he hat jopbed out of a clouts well hanm could not have beeng morepleased ofe surprised and the feeling was recipraco
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of a cloudh's wellanm could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_10: if he had jopbed out of a clouds william could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_12: if he had jopbed out of a clouds william could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prany shop a fo was aoling a sor distens fron thet dev as taven and we wering viteto visi theystablishmend
	layer_4: the priniyg shop a fau was owling a shoure distance from the deveas taven and we wering vited to visithey stablishmend
	layer_6: the prinig shopof fouw was owing asure distance from the devows tavenm and we wereingvided to visi they stablishmend
	layer_8: the prening shopafo was owing a sure distance from the devies tave and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prening schapafa was owing a shore distance from the devil's tave and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prining chapafa was owing a short distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s wrbacg gased foremoond an the maly for m a willem amd plary at in his blofmener what do yuno
	layer_4: jame s robige gased for  moond on the maly forma willhim and blurdi out eing his blove mener what do you know
	layer_6: jamesrobage gazed for a moment on the manly forma willhim and blury out ing his blouvhminer what do you know
	layer_8: jame s rebidge gazed for a moment on the manly formr willam and bluryoat in his blovminner what do you know
	layer_10: james rewbidgh gazed for a moment on the manly forme william and bluri out in his blotmanner what do you know
	layer_12: james rewbidge gazed for a moment on the manly forme william and bluri out in his blovmanner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: then nex tay every bodin the hous beganto mak preperations wrththe gurniy
	layer_4: the nex day every bodin the house began to mike preperations wrh a gourney
	layer_6: the next day everyboding the house began to make preparations wirh the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody n the house began to make preparations forh the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: erything was denvery lasiuly though ther s a lott a toking an disputing and the giving of contury orders
	layer_4: everything was danvery lasuely though there as a lot o talking a dispoting and the giving of contury orders
	layer_6: everything was den very laisurely though thre was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the od porder was theire dracting a scoding the serencs af they piled the rouk somplankets and bags of thooud and pauts and pans handiciesen to the wagong
	layer_4: the old porder was theire dracting a scoding the surance afs they piled the rugs omblankets and begs of tloud and pots and pans and diches in to the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there drecting aschoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lod and pots and pands and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was there drecting ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was there directing as scoding the servants as they piled thei rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was there directing as scoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quit o persession of an that lasd the bice weaging roumbodout thu the git way
	layer_4: there was quite o pecessiono in that lastd the bick waggin rumbod out throgh the gt way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession nwen that last the big wagon rumbod out throgh the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procsession fwen at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behined a camed the gam mother and her doly deck a sut a ra lidter wor ease chaire sfomet be toeenm two lorm pos
	layer_4: behind i camed the ganmother and her duly dack a sot a e litter where easy chair somet between towo lon pos
	layer_6: behind it came the grandmother ind her duly dack a sot of a litter were easy chair some between two long pose
	layer_8: behind i came the grandmother ind her duly deck a sot of a litter ere easy chair sumd between two long pose
	layer_10: behind i came the grandmother in her duly deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sume between two long pos
	layer_12: behind i came the grandmother in her duly deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sumge between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besised the famly there re many servente and sover others wackd besied ber slomoving wagon
	layer_4: besized the famly there remany servants and suer others walcked besie a slo moving wagon
	layer_6: besized the family there were many servants and sover others walked beside e slow moving wagon
	layer_8: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_10: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to wo with them
	layer_4: the cook to welnt with them
	layer_6: the cook to welt with them
	layer_8: the cook too wet with them
	layer_10: the cook too welt with them
	layer_12: the cook too welt with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: coed byi shaid e litte noufrmhiscard end wast they won by fed bi
	layer_4: ged bi shade littenou frm miscardan wastey won by goid by
	layer_6: o by shade littlenow from hiscarden wasty wen by good by
	layer_8: good bye shuted little now from his garden was they went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little now from his garden whiles they went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whiles they went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shawda greding so the friend the pater as e pasthim anoso tor the old faccur smeared o over with ashes whe satn a littro bricut by the bris and brtended to make onterfuo crs
	layer_4: they showda greeding oug thei friend the poter as tepasthim and osoe to the od facur smered a over with ashes whoh satin a little brik hut by the brige and pertended to make wonterful curs
	layer_6: they shoued e greeding troug thei friend the poter as they pass him and also to the old facure smired al over withashes who sat in a little brickhut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting throughtheir friend at the poter as they pased him and also to the old facur smeeared allover withashes who sat in a little bricg hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting trough their friend at the powter as they passed thim and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little bricg hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting though their friend at the powter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little bricg hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is mor en the gon i scoor e coller a ther oksom plad  ralon their cloas of dest
	layer_4: this is more fen the gongeu scooe secole as thee oxomepladed alon theug clous of dest
	layer_6: this is more frund the goingeo school sid cola as the oxemplted alone through clous of dest
	layer_8: this is more found ter going to school said kola as the oxem ploed along through clowds of dust
	layer_10: this is more frund a going to school said kola as the oxen plotded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more frund a going to school said kola as the oxen plotted along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: thes lovely pirs a founnally everywern anda and i someparts ren quit wid
	layer_4: these lovely birs ae founaly everywer n indea and in some parts wren quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely brs are found nearly everywere in india and in some parts wre en quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birs are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts ere in quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his long maddet hair hong on has shotrs andyiwa sing his prars with the help of the rosery of bees which he countinealy pas the rhis hancs
	layer_4: his long madded hair hung on his shoters and ye lwas sing his prayrs with the helpe of te rosery of bets which he continually pass ther his hands
	layer_6: his long matted hair hung on his showders and e was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed ther his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed throughis hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was sining his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the wagin kame up he yoln man wh a compeny the hollly man ranup and hod out abaking ble sayn gie o chuaredable people to thes holy one
	layer_4: as the ragang came up ae young man who a company the wholly man rannup and howdut a beging bole saying give o chured able people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompany the holly man ran up and how d out a beging bol saying give o cherridable people to this holly one
	layer_8: as the wegon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and hewd out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the weggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the weggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no cont in the wood has stoe mana bagrs as india
	layer_4: not contry in the wood has so many baggers as indea
	layer_6: no country in the woorld has so many beggers as india
	layer_8: no country in the woorld has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: manyoe the man cot holly men becal they do nothing betmak pogrmages re on sicueplasdo r nhother theving sfully on the ams thate agunto them
	layer_4: many of the mut caght holy men becus tley do nothing but make pegrmages rem one sicured plice to another the ving souly on the lms that a given to them
	layer_6: many of them a coght wholy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacr place sto another tleving solly on the alms thate are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caughd holly men because they do nothing but make pigrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caughtd holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caughed holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: an the had etin theirlunch the yom e bontrexplor the gardi near them
	layer_4: wen they had eaten their lunch the yon't pe bnter axplor the gardin near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch they youn peo ble antder explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young peoplewent o explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhap ther doks him te holla lita fierfuly buthey for got about dogs ind the sarht the gete of shouldreking downby s strene
	layer_4: perhaps ther r doks henm mahalla a littl ferfully but they forgut about dogs in the sout the git of shouldgr king down' by s streem
	layer_6: perhaps ther are dog aid mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they sau t the kit of sudare king down by his stream
	layer_8: perhaps they are dog said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wand they saw thicket of sugar kinge down by ais stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they saw a thicket of sugar kange down by a stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they saw a thicket of sugar kane down by a stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: prap so combiseome from the man thor he is now ploing bedthe scremn sai colla
	layer_4: prap soo combi some from the man there he is now ploing by the screem said calla
	layer_6: perhaps su an by some from the man there he is now plowing by the streame said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: ind is the ckon for watersai the formoer as he took alos fuco ane and jhentily gited at gountho s hrme
	layer_4: it as thookin fhor water said the farmer as he took a los fuck of ane and gently gided at jown to ths treeme
	layer_6: it his looking for water said the farmer as he took a los feck of kan and gently guidded it jown to the sream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss falk of ane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss fak of ckane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a los fek of kane and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as an tother sticred animl of the hindes and theyg ino cillwre inderea won for anything
	layer_4: the snake as then nother sacredt animal of the hindus and they anot cillwr inger  won for anything
	layer_6: the snake as another stacret animal of the hindues and they wule not kill wer injur wend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindues and they wuld not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus andthey wold not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus andthey would not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as theng abut to mwon agaan the sagry caud owd dusts ton the roat
	layer_4: as them r bout i mo wan again they saugry clod we dust don the road
	layer_6: as them ebout to move on again they sargre cloudo dust down the road
	layer_8: as they were bout to move on again they saw gree cloud o dust down the road
	layer_10: as they were about to move on again they saw a gree cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw a gree cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: a trn dat thatdi wse thet grey impowrfl reja gon an stey ona guny to wats o anothe reja er ruler of one of the smalkingdoms ore stats of which marden andias formly madu
	layer_4: aturn jat that i wos the gree impowerful rega goig an stey on adouny to wais et unothe rega ore rular of one of the smal king doms or states of which mardgent andials formily mada
	layer_6: rturn oat that it was te gree ampowerful rega going and stay on a jouni y wish at another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which margren indeols formeilly madu
	layer_8: ieturned jout that it was ta gree and powerful rega going and stay on a journeyto with  another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which mardent indeals formerly made up
	layer_10: returned jout that it was a great and powerful rega going and stay on a journey to with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern an deal was formerly made up
	layer_12: returned jout that it was a great and powerful rega going and stay on a journey to with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern an deal was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: firsd the came of bike elisent iou deccreideth sikangoldan siover
	layer_4: frst their came of big elfent out decraded with silcan gold and slver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant our decorated with silken goldend sover
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant or decorated with silken gold and silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk en gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk en gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the elthan spack wit was e howudu whicghu the a bike chare the canape overit and in this sittin cros ligt was the reja ha biake fatfellow drestin coids soksen jeulve ad the great damein sep ploman his terben
	layer_4: on the elthan spack wit was the howdar whic as theke a bic charer the canapy over it and in this sitting crostlit was the ruga ha big fat fellow dresstin colodes soks and dels ad the great dime an se ploom an is turben
	layer_6: on the elephant spack wit was the howder which is tike a big chair o the canipy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressedtin colordis soks and dewls  the great diamon set plue in his turbin
	layer_8: on the elephant's back was the houder which wis like a big chair otf the canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloredd soks and jewels the great diamond set plum in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair wit ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels n the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which is like a big chair wit ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels n the great diamond set plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: the hind the howdeus that as srvan hoding ae bicom brillo af fan feathos ower the rejas hed
	layer_4: behind the how d es that a serven hoding a began brellor a fun feathers over the redjas head
	layer_6: behind thei how des that a servin hoding a bigan brellaw a fan feathers over the radgas head
	layer_8: behind the hawdest that a servant hoding a big umbrella of fin feathers over the ruga's head
	layer_10: behind the howdusk that a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raga's head
	layer_12: behind the howdusk that a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the drier set on the neck or the elient and gided the bek beas hap e prartig hem olonsit hr the other wit thant air shard sticke or gold
	layer_4: the drywer set on the neck of the elefhent and guieded the big beas hat be prording haim al one sid oere the other with an arn shord stick or gold
	layer_6: the driwere set on the nekh of the elephant and guided the big beast ta beprouding him a one side or the other with an iran shotd stick or gold
	layer_8: the drer sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast tat by prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shot stick or gold
	layer_10: the drver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shot of stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shot of stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is in it fintorrarli gown af bik elithent
	layer_4: is in it fin to rilic thown af big elepent
	layer_6: is in ite fine to rilik tht an a big elephant
	layer_8: its i' it fine to rilik that on a big elephant
	layer_10: in't it fine to rilice that on a big elephant
	layer_12: itn't it fine to reilice that on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: na ther ressofe the da the litto hok toe t of noting bwit the grete a jin is esco
	layer_4: nar theres of the day tha littlefolk toked of nothing with the great rer jin his escot
	layer_6: n althe ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing bwith he great re jinis escolt
	layer_8: nd all the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing buth the great ragianis escot
	layer_10: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great vagianus escort
	layer_12: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great vagians escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party cim to a hout a momany other belock crts the ones o whic aridhy sitting aroun on the grownd cokhing dis suppers a bargining sforfo at he litta booth
	layer_4: ar party cim to a hoalt a momany other belocka carts the ownas a whict aridy sitting around on the ground cooking thers suppers arbargining for foit at the little booth
	layer_6: our party came to a hot a moe many other belocka carts the owness of which roaredy sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargening for foet at the little booth
	layer_8: our party came to a halt a mo many other bulocc carts the owners of which wewe already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for foo at ai little booth
	layer_10: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which ere already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at thei little booth
	layer_12: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at ther little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: thes they sed forplates he bend them up wih their boordrace and cury andirs and o stows of pudtingsn seets
	layer_4: these vhey used for plates he ben them up withter boowd rice and curry and fish and ostors of puttings an seets
	layer_6: these they used for plates he bing them up with their bold rice and coury and fish and ou stos of puttings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and a stores of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supperwas beeng etin a lother party stoteof the parow and cap to nofar awit
	layer_4: a suppero was been metim another party stot that the por and camp to nogh are awih
	layer_6: a supper was beeng meet him another pardty stoppd that the parow and camp o not far awa
	layer_8: a supper was being eet en another party stoped at the para and camped not far away
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the para and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the para and camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: when the liter was pu down hey oumnboicetapdout bwicanmary oud and holty
	layer_4: when the liter was padown he youmnboicetep doubt wi can ery prowud and holty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down a youn boy steppedoubt bi kin very rowud and haulty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out lookig very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: has sorence a en spreta harns an ruk n the goun for hm to sidal a reshed about wading o him tokin good care to keep every lone und e jisten
	layer_4: has seance i onc sprea o handsom rug n the gown for him to sid a a reshed about waiding o him toking good care to keep everyone und a jistant
	layer_6: has servancs a once spread a handsome rugg n the ground for him to sidan in rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep every one untdajust int
	layer_8: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at adjistit
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at adjist it
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at adjist it

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an hale he ordis everyou one abou him
	layer_4: yes an shalwl he orders eveyu one a bout him
	layer_6: yes and helwl he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders everyone about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: arondhe littae broumoncsnhek as a thin courderf dreit which as the sin of has hi cast
	layer_4: arande little bromons neckoas at thin corterf dhrid which as the signe of his high cast
	layer_6: around tha little bromon'sneckos a thin corde r dhrid which wis the signe of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little browman's neck os a thin cuarteof thred which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little brawman's neck os a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little brawman's neck os a thin quarter thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meannwile the howty litt a braman ai his supper won thi sheade turne dawa soknoonc a se im eat and then gring tired of respeful glancesof the crowd arount him he cot interws litter agaain and the serance fatn the crtancstetely aroundim
	layer_4: meanwil the holty little braman aiht his supperm wen thashead turned awayt so no unca se him eat and then going tired of respeful glanes of the crowd around him he got nter is litter again and the surancs fas ined the crtence titly aroun im
	layer_6: meanwhile the hoty little bramon aite his supperom when the shed turned away so no uncuse him eat and then groring tired of respetful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servancs fast ened the cutante tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the hoaty little bramon ate his supper when thes head turned away sa no uncoa see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servans fastened the crutans tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the haghty little bramman ate his supper when this head turned away so noone could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his glitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the haghty little bramman ate his supper when this head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his glitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arrye bedy sip sounly andsbiter the facthoat one of the serrence was beating a dra moss of the night wrh they rillyt beleved with the way to keeopaof evil sperds
	layer_4: ary bodhis sep sounly and spiterf the facthat oneof the cermrance was beating a drwmos of the night which they rally believed with the way to keep otf evill spiarids
	layer_6: everybody ep soundly and spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a dru mos of the night which they reully believed with the way to keep off evil spiritds
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drumost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep of evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drumost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the hes he crid
	layer_4: o the fhes he crid
	layer_6: oh the fies he cried
	layer_8: oh the fhies he cried
	layer_10: oh the thies he cried
	layer_12: oh the thies he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: ther spat as thebers
	layer_4: there sbat as the bagers
	layer_6: there os bat as the bagers
	layer_8: there aas bad as the baggers
	layer_10: they're as bad as the baggers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the baggers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: wha ar tho garting so cerferely sheya ask tor brether
	layer_4: whll ar though garding so carefuly sheea askeedher brother
	layer_6: well ar though guarding so carefully sria asked her brother
	layer_8: whalt aret thouh guarding so carefully shria asked her brother
	layer_10: what ar though guarding so carefully sria asked her brother
	layer_12: what ar though guarding so carefully sria asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he ancoll o were walking be sai the wakeon for a change
	layer_4: he encolle o were walking besi the reagan for a change
	layer_6: he ancolo were walking besid the regon for a change
	layer_8: he and kolawere walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and kola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the latisis risteh suche an ar mother and aont could injoy the fhesh aire
	layer_4: the lad eces weriseth such andhemother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the ladeses wererised soche and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the ladesses were rised suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the latisses wereroused suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the latesses were rouse d suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: ther my dso the littrgirl saunly as she pado the bundeo be siter
	layer_4: there my dawse ta the littr girl saundtly ashe padeo the bunder be siter
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl santly as she pattd the bunder by sider
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl sandly as she pattedthe bundo besid her
	layer_10: they're my dolls said the little girl sandly as she patted the bundl beside her
	layer_12: they're my dolls said the little girl sandly as she patted the bundle beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i tsede then wuth an offrioun to the holy rover por let a women
	layer_4: i ctat then woth an offering to the holy rover por lit tle woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy river poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mus thos tacrfis thiy toiys to
	layer_4: mus thosacrifie thy tois to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifise thy toys too
	layer_8: must tho sacrifice thy tois too
	layer_10: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must tho sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smoder uncl she paded her had
	layer_4: smalder uncl ase patted her had
	layer_6: smalter uncle ashe patted her head
	layer_8: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smaltder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smiltder uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter forty nin grexes istupen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine grixs isduban
	layer_6: chapter forty nine griks is dubon
	layer_8: chapter forty nine griks is stubborn
	layer_10: chapter forty nine grixs is stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty nine grix is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the das gided by with the stifness in crispesed lembsgrowin lust painful and he pony recovering thast for the clear  moutanars im to acl ie a kurofor onds
	layer_4: the days glided by bwith the stifness in cristpese temsgrowing lest painful and the pony recovering thast for the clar mountinars eem to acth lic a cur for woons
	layer_6: the days gladed by bwith the stiffness and christlyse lims growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clar mountainir seemed to act like a cur  for wounds
	layer_8: the days gladed by with the stiffness in chrisly's limps growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainair seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispi's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every da the came shod tha endre animol an petter contition
	layer_4: every day the came shoed thet indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal an better condition
	layer_8: every day thet came showed thet injured animal an better condition
	layer_10: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats efferst to move nelongermad crisseiwentce a forget his own paings and dhose hye fel at seeng the musting sufer
	layer_4: ats efferse to moove nalonger made crisience and forget his onpaings ind thougs y feut at seeng the musting supffer
	layer_6: its effortst to move no longer made chrisiints and forget his own pins in those he felt at seeing the mustaine supffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made christebins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mus tin suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysewins and forget his own pains and those he felt at seeing the musdain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysewints and forget his own pains and those he felt at seeing the musdain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: ave youlon as busy for the keping wart h reagary tookup agoc deo of tine
	layer_4: eveyou onwas busy for the keeping watch reggay took up a good de  of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglay took up a gooddeal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: at saw nong ence nead cradcres for them tt thingth ar their staing on a cound of es wholo grages woer you lesining
	layer_4: it's a non sence nead cridcrus for them to thingtha their staing on account of us wholo grigs where you lisinning
	layer_6: it's au non sense ned cried chras for them to thing h at their staying on account of us wholo grigs where you listenning
	layer_8: it's a nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us whullo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hulo grigs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: howdo dyourpony kg lhis morning spended
	layer_4: how to yourponigo lhis morning splended
	layer_6: how did your ponigo this morning splended
	layer_8: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: tos harte t e lidr on the bar lag but his pette than a was yestety
	layer_4: tos hated a littr on the ba leg but his bedter than a was yestedy
	layer_6: just horte da litte on the ba leg but his better than i was yesteday
	layer_8: just harted a little on the bard leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just harted a little on the bae leg but its better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just harted a little on the bar leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: to de canterd his mony canter
	layer_4: to docander this mony canter
	layer_6: di dou canter this mony canter
	layer_8: did you canter this monein canter
	layer_10: did you caunter this moning canter
	layer_12: did you counter this moning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: wet what at a git sorean gallop and word oa bl you
	layer_4: wet whent at a git soween gallep and woat about you
	layer_6: wet want at a goi swen gallop and woat about you
	layer_8: we want at a good swaing gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we ent at a good swing gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a good swang gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: o a monli ltle stite
	layer_4: oh i monlyy litte stitol
	layer_6: oh i monly little stiff still
	layer_8: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shal get stron wore quiokly gurning oferthe plaints or cimyg in an owt amone the mountints
	layer_4: we shall get stram more quickly jurning ovr the plains or cliing in anowt amone the mountaance
	layer_6: we shall get strong more quickly journing over the plains or clambing in anou amon the mountaints
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in ano among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he sys ere distert to marl it dabrick
	layer_4: he sys were di sturt to morow at dabrick
	layer_6: he says were distart to morrol at daybrik
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrik
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreack

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: whor credcess
	layer_4: whora crdcess
	layer_6: whora craied clis
	layer_8: hora cried clis
	layer_10: hourrah cried clis
	layer_12: hourrah cried clis

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat mylad why not
	layer_4: but wes shat my lad mhy not
	layer_6: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_8: but we' shan't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexcaust teene indions  again
	layer_4: bexcafs theen indians again
	layer_6: becsav then indiane again
	layer_8: becaus au'es sheen indians again
	layer_10: because i v seeing indians again
	layer_12: because iv seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: ill your all is seing indins agan
	layer_4: al youre alwis sing indiancs agan
	layer_6: oh you'r alwas siing indianc again
	layer_8: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the shodthem fils tome iad andt waht them sicgrixtrilly
	layer_4: while the show them fils to me adant wat them sicrik trily
	layer_6: while they show themels to me idn't wat them sicrik stryly
	layer_8: wele they show themsels to me i don't wat them said grek stryly
	layer_10: well they show themselves to me i don't want them said grex dryly
	layer_12: well they show themselves to me i don't want them said grex dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: drn art ful lout iver been a way ad o i beliacs
	layer_4: thern artful lot ev ered beeng away at a i beliee
	layer_6: ther n artful lot neverd been away at a i beliese
	layer_8: they'r n artful lot never' ben away at all i believe
	layer_10: tey'e an artful lot never' been away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never' been away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: becouln seeam boh foe me de start they had being cof uponi he oas dereckly
	layer_4: recouldn't sem bu frew me destart they had beeing closeupon ar he as drectly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him bo fre me to start they had been close upon her heos direckly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him bo fre mer to start they had been close upon her hees directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him bu fo me to start they had been close upon eur hels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but fe ma to start they had been close upon heur heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: you hae ded chrapthn cres tr en milishusly
	layer_4: ah you ha e trapt them  curs sa en miliciusly
	layer_6: ah you have to trap themocrs said nen maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap themoccrs said nen maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them accrs said nene maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them uccrs said nen maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loocer f hi sfairt agaain we shall quar heret at grigs
	layer_4: lookere it his sa at again we shall quire here tat grigs
	layer_6: look her if oe' say ot again we shall queroel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here if you say tat again we shall quare here that griggs
	layer_10: look here if you say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if yo say that again we shall quarel heare that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yas ie her sr you writ
	layer_4: oh yes i here serf you riht
	layer_6: oh yes i heare servyu rit
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serve you wriht
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serve you right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he cansihas abe awa had beter hodere ton
	layer_4: is he cantsal isabet a wa y had better holdere tone
	layer_6: ifs he can' showwas a bet away ye had better holdher tonge
	layer_8: if he can't show us a bettar way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if yhe can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if yhe can't show us a better way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bere re wall i con dolet si ned hortily
	layer_4: bery well i con do lat said net hortilly
	layer_6: bevrery well i can do that said nade hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned hatily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyr that'sa noh crardcres do be siol pedig ad
	layer_4: they a thaut's a nough crad cress don'l be so pedingned
	layer_6: theyrae that's enough cried chris don't be so pey ned
	layer_8: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that srit cadges
	layer_4: tha srit cad gis
	layer_6: that'sright caedgogs
	layer_8: that's right caed gugs
	layer_10: that's right cried gigg
	layer_12: that's right cried gigg

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: looc earlaves of jrsbeing tind that placeogin
	layer_4: look yuare lavds of jristbeeng tryind that pace again
	layer_6: look yeur lads of justbing trying that place again
	layer_8: look hyeure lads of dust being trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of dust being trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of just being trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he tome the dact ter like
	layer_4: and he time the doc ter likes
	layer_6: and he time the doctor likes
	layer_8: any times the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shaiht apbhy fellofe the boean airow stound's bad enoh burt his no mut eriscer
	layer_4: being shaht a y fellows ho bosan airow soun's bad anough but this not much risker
	layer_6: being shot at by fellows of bosan arow sounds bad enough but thes not much riscere
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows of bowsend arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risker
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows of bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much riskier
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows of bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much riskier

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i anl know about dhat sacres eantiousply
	layer_4: i on'tkno about that sacrist anciousply
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don tyo whill i dou
	layer_4: don't to will i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should be rang fahd and darging in an owt amon the rokand tches
	layer_4: i should be ranning fased and darging in anout amon the rocks and chrees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out amon the rocx and chees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chrees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: buthe enobe  won bestanin sti cutinud grgs
	layer_4: but the enibe wont be staning still countinued grigs
	layer_6: but the enerb won't be standing stillk continued grigs
	layer_8: but the eneby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: ant believe his bitter rus for me i shall be aid
	layer_4: ant believe this bitta risk for me i shall be ourriht
	layer_6: aunt believe this bitte risk for me i shall be al right
	layer_8: an't believe thie's bit a risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: an't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: an't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but et anan wis tal be welel back an the ho sicress
	layer_4: but it anim oss wil be well back in that whole sicress
	layer_6: but i anamos will be well back in that whole sichris
	layer_8: but at animos will be well back ine that hole said chris
	layer_10: but at animals will be well back ined that hole said cris
	layer_12: but at animals will be well back ine that hole said chriss

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes milad but a wat them to be plinted for the baxsfil
	layer_4: yes malad but i want them to be plinted for the baxfill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted forther backsfill
	layer_8: yes mylad but i want them to be planted forther bakfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted forther baxvile
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted forther baxfile

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and mha fradt father weas sytod the ponyse or to be closat hand
	layer_4: and ae freat father wilse saythat the ponis aurt to be closetat hand
	layer_6: and afraid father will say that the pones ought to be close tat hand
	layer_8: am afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes tatstrit oif a cam be don but wll go hardrethus all of the endiincskeveoke the ba of the chrap and turn upon dose who seid it
	layer_4: yes that stright if at can be done but will go hard ithus all of the indian skeveupk the bat of the trap and tun upon those who seid it
	layer_6: yes that sright if it can be done but wll go hard with t us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's right if it can be done but i will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who seid it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whill you must tucid a rowith foather sicress
	layer_4: whele you must tuket a rooith father sicrisse
	layer_6: wele you must talk it aruwith father sicrist
	layer_8: well you must talk it aru ith father sic ris
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father sid cris
	layer_12: well you must talk it are with father sid chris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to many retskonsthebu as i todou
	layer_4: to many readskins thebout as i toldyo
	layer_6: tolmany retskins about as i told you
	layer_8: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: their alwas to many read skins about crard cresnpitionly
	layer_4: ther alwas to many red skins about crad crismpitienly
	layer_6: ther always to many redghe skins about cried chrisempitiently
	layer_8: ther're always too many redg skins about cried chris im paciently
	layer_10: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: i washo kcol chare them bollyasin them lin over the plainds
	layer_4: it was shoo kouad chares them boltia sin them flying over the plains
	layer_6: i wistol could charge them bollia sen them flying over the plains
	layer_8: i wish w could charge them bolly a send them flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish we could charge them bolly a send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them bolly ad send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: ne wry to comeback a gei sin nend sharply
	layer_4: never to come back a gin said nen sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said nente sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nete sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said net sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said net sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quiht mylade tn do ee t ot replaing a a ry toleshgaimg
	layer_4: not quit mylads dan to see that were plang a e rye tookleshgimg
	layer_6: not quite my lads do' yo see that were playng a very took lush game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playng a very toklush game
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tiklush game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very tiklush game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trs then the datrcam to the sholtrer wit the boyce av ing toking bring with hem wortn leveon suding rather trimeto shuetd fre  had had now sessess dthey to wore tltieg uonesly obut ways em s
	layer_4: drist then the datr cim to the shalter with he boycs having tolking bring with hem waton hlevin shoouding ratherd trined to shooit for he had hadg no sosess nd they too were aking earnesely of tout ways a ms
	layer_6: drest then the datr cameinto the shelder with ha boys haveing talking bring with them woton ho havin shooting orathered tryig to shoot for he had had no sucess and they two were talking earnestly about ways tad means
	layer_8: dust then the darter came into the sheuter with tha boys have beeng talking bring with them woton who have ben shooting oratherd tryig to shoot for he had had no surcess and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_10: just then the darcter came into the shelter wherh the boys have been talking bring with hem woton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_12: just then the dacter came into the shelter where the boys have been talking bring with them waton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: il hyeuy or grgspred the docter
	layer_4: oeeryar grigs pred the jacter
	layer_6: ohrryour griggs creiedte joctor
	layer_8: oh hure yar griggs cried the docter
	layer_10: oh here yoare griggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh heare yo are griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had ae goud t n escouing yes sir
	layer_4: had a god tnesgouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good tun a scouting yes sir
	layer_8: had a good tuner scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good tune scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good tuner scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indy insafe shifpdeo the corters and theri in the bou as ol curd upossicion eslhy could conthri a o erpeis
	layer_4: the indiincs have shifte the corders and therit in the bou as ecordt apossision as ly could contryfe or of phurpose
	layer_6: the indience have shipted the cuorters and there  in the bout us iqurd a position thas he could contrie foru f purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shipted their quarters and therein the baulas ilkward a position thas the could contrive four purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and theyre in the bawlact ikward a position as the could contrive for ur purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and there in the ballact ilkward a position as the could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: he mus get oway from har do somegud hunting grownd
	layer_4: he mus get away from he to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: yu must get aay from her to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to te endea sin to becamthinmg por on h ontmos
	layer_4: to the endioau sing to becanthing por onl onthe moese
	layer_6: o the indioan sing to be camthing por only on the moove
	layer_8: to the indians sing to be cahing or only on the move
	layer_10: do the indian sink to be canting or only on the move
	layer_12: do the indian sink to be canting or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: the seeme tome to be hatn afpsomd dardr a nother an pi proks
	layer_4: the seemed tomed o be haching uf som dargrw another aneplid grigs
	layer_6: thi seeme to med to be hatching uf some darger another andreplied grigs
	layer_8: thers seeme to mee to be hatching up some dardeor another nd replied griggs
	layer_10: thire seemed to me to be hatching up some dage or another i replied griggs
	layer_12: there seemed to me to be hatching up some dage or another in replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: than yhe' begarn towolk u pen dounsfoy ovidently deepen thout
	layer_4: than he' began walk up an downce folly evid intly deep n thught
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downcefilly evidently deepn thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downflly evidently deep n thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said is made of ly min
	layer_4: there he said as made o ly min
	layer_6: there he said as made of y mind
	layer_8: there he said as made u my mind
	layer_10: there he said h's made up my mind
	layer_12: there he said 's made up my mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mery evedint thut we my wyt he r tar stors ik ofed and be as faroff thour petote do lys sec oss evern
	layer_4: it is nerry evident that we me waiht here tar stors ax osbed and be as far ohf thour pretunido we seecus evern
	layer_6: it is mery evident that we may wait here to ouror stores ae osbid and be as far offter uap protunidy we seec us ever
	layer_8: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores ie ausped and be as far off ther opportunity we seek us ever
	layer_10: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores i exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_12: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores a exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: thet endans celaet weacald not and taceings omoit
	layer_4: the indians kalwait we canot and thay e stokno it
	layer_6: the indians kal wigt we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_8: the indians cal wait we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_10: the indians cal wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians cal wait we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghointogive ut youngprices plan sit peax splolli
	layer_4: tho in to give up youngtrices plaind sit pea explelly
	layer_6: going to give up young crese's plind sid pe expeway
	layer_8: going to give up young tris's plan said pek perway
	layer_10: going to give up young tris's plan said pukes berway
	layer_12: going to give up young tris's plan said pekes berway

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no an gned to put tin forse ou woncs we stort to nit
	layer_4: no am gon doput nforce ou once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i'm gong to put i n force ou once we stote to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put itin force ou once we stoate to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it an force out once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it an force out once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: thue ao ther sam we combe naing opeprations
	layer_4: bu al ther same we combe naking a pepraions
	layer_6: but alther same we can be naking a peparations
	layer_8: but all the same we can be making up preparations
	layer_10: fur all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: fur all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the bere ws com e pfor doed wlaoter and evre encs potl
	layer_4: the barws con be od ood water and every onesbouto
	layer_6: the barls cam be food wd water and every onespottoe
	layer_8: the barrels can be fled with water and every one'sbotto
	layer_10: the barrels can be fille with water and everyone's botto
	layer_12: the barrels can be filled with water and everyone's bottol

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: rolisions kambe pat ein ow woll its e fact oe royting hewready for stot
	layer_4: prolisions can e pac in ou wallits hefat erhthing hewl ready fore stot
	layer_6: provitions can be packe inou walles a fat everything helready for a stat
	layer_8: provisions can be packed in o walles he fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in o wallece in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in o wallece in fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: faindnly jiset thes the annmust conbeu dro vinience wr fu der water and
	layer_4: fanely juset thusk bhe anemost con bea drividnce r fouther water and
	layer_6: firnaly juscset thusk the animos can be drividense wore fruther waterd and
	layer_8: finally justet tdusk the animis can be drividins fore fru thern water and
	layer_10: finally just et dusk the animos can be driven in for froudan water and
	layer_12: finally just et dusk the animols can be driven in for foud an water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: ecackults re pli the docter
	layer_4: excacklies replid the docter
	layer_6: exactlis replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactly s replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly as replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly as replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but be for angy morr seigiks ol wat to offe ou ther ofppertunity yo grobac
	layer_4: but before any more e sai i grigs o ht to ofteyou the oppertinityg rdrabac
	layer_6: but before any more a setdi grigs i waugt yo offer you the opportunity o draw back
	layer_8: but before any more auset gruggs ilwant to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more are steti griggs iwant to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more are seti griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wilt tour si goovd shraepling
	layer_4: will fhor sai gove srpling
	layer_6: will for said gove shriply
	layer_8: whill for said gruove shrarply
	layer_10: whil for said gouthe sharply
	layer_12: whill for said gouthe sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lot a bit of it sir and coon to tikcare the d ot hitming
	layer_4: lot a bit of it sir a'm gond do take hare thed ote hit meng
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm gong to take hare they on't hitmin
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take are they don't hic me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i win to do have bit to caryout young cprisis plamn as shoald up the res an foral we grtor prasim mon hill wre get ritaway
	layer_4: i' men to do a bit to carry yout young crises plan as should up the reskan for awe grto prapso month hile we get right away
	layer_6: i meang to do a bit to car y yout young chrise's plan as shut up the reskin for a wekerto prhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrises plan i shut up the reskin for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young cristes plan a shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young criste's plan a shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: thers the forble sitat gges
	layer_4: there is the horble siu ite ggs
	layer_6: there is the horrible si ic gigs
	layer_8: there is a horrible sieic bigs
	layer_10: there is a horrible ciytuic gigs
	layer_12: there is e horrible cituic grigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: wout beas e let then gid the betterf as er
	layer_4: what be as we let them git the betterfos sir
	layer_6: what be is we let them giv the better us sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the better ofus sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: you men the shuving upt the an i me huar distars
	layer_4: you mean the shuvding up the enee huere distars
	layer_6: you mean the shuvding up the enemy her distars
	layer_8: you mean the shodding up the enemy here ti stars
	layer_10: you mean the shoving up the enemy here dostars
	layer_12: you mean the shoving up the enemy here do stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he jclata coings so shuply o the boiysturtedt srsem rygh of be did sir
	layer_4: e jack lati croings so shobly t of the boicedarded srsn right of bi did sir
	layer_6: ejacculated crigs so sharbly that the boy darted strsm right ave be did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started strsm right ive they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boys started sys em right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started sys em right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: what busishave they do onoer sco wot ethion at shaud te mup dis toire
	layer_4: what busance had they do one er sculfp wut we tion it shet the mup dos tarve
	layer_6: what busnens had they do one or sculps but we should hat shut themup istarvs
	layer_8: what business hade they do an or sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business hav they do whanor skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do whanor skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have weakes of worke e for the cold get thei horses up thot withthouw hourses tiv be out inhe wak
	layer_4: theat have weeks of work befor the could get their horses out thut withou horses thi be out in the wak
	layer_6: they'd have weaks of work before they could get their horses out bhut without horses they be out in the wak
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before thy could get their horses out but without horses they be out in ta wake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses theyd be out in thae wake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in ta wake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sence
	layer_4: star non sente
	layer_6: starv non sense
	layer_8: stare non sense
	layer_10: starved nonesense
	layer_12: starve nonesense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but ther i don ato mex peechines ai stausfedtlre gentomen
	layer_4: but there i don atce o mexpechees it sous edtle gentomen
	layer_6: but there i don't want to makx peechees it's aws settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's al settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: w yuse got to tead the lokat with comn oh
	layer_4: wut yuse got to te the look out withs comeng oth
	layer_6: wet yuve god to te the look out wits coming off
	layer_8: whet you've got to tel the look out what's coming off
	layer_10: well youve got to tel the lookout what's coming off
	layer_12: whell youve got to tell the lookout what's coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now ovre one undesand tha he as tor be radye wit hat shln any washd fo indins gauthef ther some thing on the wai
	layer_4: now eveyne understan that he is to be ready withoat shalle any wash fo indincegout that ther something on the wed
	layer_6: now every one understand that he is tould be ready withtout shallneg any washful andincegout that ther's something on the wad
	layer_8: now everyone understand that he is to be ready without shilling any watshful an dinsegout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful in din scout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful in dins scout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet si stronm was they affectpon him of contanpliting a lage fortingon that in despit ofarson endesare he livet i ege expectation of the wad which should mycm rich
	layer_4: yetso stron was the effectupon him of conten plating a lage fortunon that indespiht of areason andesir he lived in eger expectation of the word which should my cim rich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of areason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the woord which should ma im rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: apart of thatinperession was du to fhe ingagement which he must nou ful fel
	layer_4: apart of that impression was du to te ingagement which he must nowful feell
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must nowfulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfeld
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shafalout of thistuthe woud mik him too ig nible eveen in his oie is
	layer_4: to shafuillout of this tute would make him too icnoble even in his on eye
	layer_6: to shuffl out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: becase in his selled ds he dalyed withe gild whoho had endead manyn chos steave pistap he had come to the esesstg of saccrfarsing his prospexs to that ra atactment
	layer_4: becaus in his sello days ha dalleed with a girld whoh had in deed many chons step by step he had come to the nesescity of sacrifising his prospics to that ra attachment
	layer_6: because in his sallod days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms stepd by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospecs to that raw attachment
	layer_8: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of ork he lefe the hou seond wonbed plimally about ragencspok
	layer_4: in ible to think of work he left the house and wonderd plumily about regen s pak
	layer_6: unable to think of work he left the house and wanded glomily about regon's park
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regontspark
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he helt himself ill yusdto bi destini a vherfor by moriad ho wasfights instromnet
	layer_4: he shelt himself il yusdo by destine a therefoure by marriad ho was fightes instrunmut
	layer_6: he fheltd himself ill used by destiny ad therefore by marrion who was fates instrumante
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he ritd to mowingn
	layer_4: he rote to maing n
	layer_6: he wroped o marring hin
	layer_8: he wrote to marringhim
	layer_10: he wrote to maryghim
	layer_12: he wrote to marryhim

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let te hear or comen seeing
	layer_4: with you let be her or comman seei
	layer_6: well you let be her or com and seemi
	layer_8: whell you let me here or come and see mig
	layer_10: whill you let me heare or come and see me
	layer_12: whill you let me hear or come and see me

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarsly thougt ave beifen has mihtely to ckill himself
	layer_4: i scarsely thought have befin has lighele to kil himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought havf befen as lightly to kil himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of byffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of byeffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of byffin as likely to kill himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but wy than she stid he go al the byy hout the
	layer_4: but woy the je stid he gon' al the ay  hout the
	layer_6: but why the jus tid he go all the way hout ther
	layer_8: but why the jeuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the jewce did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the jewce did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hi t woutd preme so nas
	layer_4: i hopt you woultd bri me som nus
	layer_6: i hoped you would brigme some nus
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped hou would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped ho would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothet i can inly suppse
	layer_4: pothat yui cannonly surpose
	layer_6: pover t yi can only suppose
	layer_8: poverty y i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty  i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i bwil see woke do i had comacrost bin for a lon tin
	layer_4: but i will see welke dow i hadn come acros beffen for alonge tim
	layer_6: but i will see welp dow i hadn't come acros biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welpdow i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see welpdow i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see welpdow i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whas he stimso nawy p
	layer_4: wils he sti soe nary poar
	layer_6: whils he still so ary por
	layer_8: whilst he still so erry poor
	layer_10: whilst he still so mery poor
	layer_12: whilst he still so very poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: ast amyd compassionaitly
	layer_4: ast amy compassionotly
	layer_6: asked amy compassionatly
	layer_8: asked amy compassionately
	layer_10: asked amy compassionately
	layer_12: asked amy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i' mafrihte s his book fild atenl
	layer_4: iamafraed so his book fald utel
	layer_6: i 'm afraid so his book failed uttaly
	layer_8: i 'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: o ifo had an madind him still in suched destresse sharly i mit ovfed on sometheng to herpu
	layer_4: oh if oi had a magined him still insuch destress sarly i mihtehave doun something to heorppum
	layer_6: oh if i had amagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help hi
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help yhum
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: pu chaince his detwas impart atribtible to that hopl slof
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart atributable to that hopelsslove
	layer_6: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sentme a copy of his no l she sand and a syg han ons towi saf to the
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his novle she sand and i so him oncewl towisaf tor that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novl she seied and i saw  him once o to ice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she seid and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: have ing thi subjec to conversipon put the too ware quicply a esed thand coul otherwise haf bing the cace
	layer_4: having this subject to convirsupon put the two mare quictly at es than could otherwise have beeing the cace
	layer_6: having this subject ti convers upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject i converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: i me mint take ar formest plie a un bridley winend
	layer_4: i me mint takea formost place amun brildy witnmen
	layer_6: amy might take a formost place among brildinm women
	layer_8: amy might take a formost place among brildin women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among briliam women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among briliam women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspicielly nouthrt her fia the his trien wth blinness
	layer_4: aspicialy now that her fa the is threned with blinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threated with blwiness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threatened with blndness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it sonsrous
	layer_4: is itsoncerius
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: evan hif misto gul recomvas his sid at is noteed al litling that he wil pe abwled to wer has befor
	layer_4: even if misste gyu recoves his sigd it is not etd all likly that he will be aile to wor pas befor
	layer_6: even if mister your recovers his sight it is not at all likely that who will be abled to wor us before
	layer_8: even if mister ul recovers his sight it is not at all likely that whe will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yeue recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: and difrcuofis a sy grife that
	layer_4: and diffico ies a so grave that
	layer_6: a difficuofis a so grave that
	layer_8: aund difficultis are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he past and lae his hand fi ol disbodetly
	layer_4: he hasd and let his hamd fiol disponnently
	layer_6: he tased and let his haned file dispondently
	layer_8: he caused and led his hand fil despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fil despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fiel despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of willd you rer member and what i haof set my my dapoln nodelt i shael some di a chafe
	layer_4: i have  good deal of will you re member and what i have set my my tupom no dout i shal some dai a cheve
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mi dupon no doubt i shall some daya chiefe
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upom no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fee wa soas
	layer_4: there was solencs
	layer_6: there wers solence
	layer_8: there wase silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: the lous thr yeos hikcontimued have myght no sliht differntcsid my position
	layer_4: the last thre yeus hecontinued have maght no slihte differene in my position
	layer_6: the last three yeas he continued have mate no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: reca were i stood wen y fes ain
	layer_4: recol were i stood when you firs umen
	layer_6: recol where i stood when you first new me
	layer_8: recal where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nant wi a mynad if a lifullin corachant
	layer_4: jus na wi a me nede of a lifing coriathment
	layer_6: just now i am ined of a litl encouratment
	layer_8: just now i am a neede of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in need of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: yoe dunt nitus any faorling offive moboer crasenlyng
	layer_4: you don't notos any falling of id my bwor crecently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my work reacently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: di you sea my things in te carnt and soa genrally
	layer_4: di you sea my things in the carnt and so o generaly
	layer_6: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: somet im i belevr have ta tectigung wen thern was no sicnanchur
	layer_4: sometims i beleve oi have detectagu wene ther was no sicnatur
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: her storing  mhat gls pipr has a tracted atention
	layer_4: her storing oin that gils papa has a tracted atention
	layer_6: e storing yin that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_8: er story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily popert rest i renouncsing ol clime a ponher
	layer_4: and i could so easily put er rest iy renounsing al clam apon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon  her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: by sirmays thet that yu your self would a sar be pud ore rest bye such o deation
	layer_4: y sumys that that you yourself would alsi be poud o rest by such a docision
	layer_6: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put arest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put a rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put atrest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put atrest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jim lookad me withat o ronical sma he platedt
	layer_4: jnm look at me withthat oi ronical smir he pladed
	layer_6: join look at me with that ironnical smil he pleaded
	layer_8: goant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: gant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: gant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i coulnt go by out the claring tha i thas harfercan inanyng oin i mustpe kontan forpapl to juc ne acolrding to vadisposision and juchmens u pricy salr to beyoun fifrnpbl what caniy d
	layer_4: i couldn't go abeout the clearing tat i was hart brocen in any o en i must be content for people to judgmy according to ber disposition and judgmentse o prety sure to be yunt farble what canni do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about dheclaring that i was heart brooken in any o nt i must be content for people to judge me according to teir disposition and judgments a pretty sure to be yund faveorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the casis tou dellica if fiea for moy ad vie
	layer_4: the caces to dellicat i fear for myadvice
	layer_6: the cas is to delicat i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: we ill ge bacto my scriply
	layer_4: well il ga becto my scriply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to mie scribly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to most scribly
	layer_12: well i'll go back to most scribly

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: a gin jas the helt e wit sof t and for esuppervl ous mannd
	layer_4: a gain jas berheld the lit sovtand for a supperveleus moiment
	layer_6: again jaspbeheld the whighte sovtend for a superflauous miment
	layer_8: again jaspbeheld the whigte soft and for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the wite soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: ye forsuch feleng s he repouched himself and the erepoch mad hin angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the repoach maned him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: maryin could notne stake tlh r of resl s truble on her companin sive countnence
	layer_4: marian could notnmestake the ear of resles trouble on her companon sluve countnance
	layer_6: marrian could not mostake the air of restless trouble on her companions snlooth countnance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: she had de voingd that theyre was so gra reas on for this soence and the panting with which she o prochd was harf ars by thy enciouspitts of her hart
	layer_4: she had devoined that there was som grave reason for this sumence and the panting with which she approched was half coused by the entiousbpeets of her hart
	layer_6: she had devined that there was sone grave reason for this summoncs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxciouspeats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summoncs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he be gin af brot
	layer_4: he began a bro tay
	layer_6: he began a broptly
	layer_8: he began bruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gae her suchde tousas he had of taint bhen aded
	layer_4: he gave her such detous as he had o taint then aded
	layer_6: he gave her such detaws as he had taind then added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: there too ovf my e ampanins foll on in the battl
	layer_4: there a to of mike am panons fall n in the battle
	layer_6: ther are two of mykeompanions fallend in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: thre are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i arhto fhink myself a lackiny felli maowin wat
	layer_4: i oughto think myself a lucky fel i maig wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky fili mai what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky feli marri what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fellig marian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellogh marrian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wor bet ar fiten to fit your wy jesper
	layer_4: you woa bete fitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you re better fitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_8: you are better fit an to fight your way jaspe
	layer_10: you are better fitten to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you are better fitten to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: nre of a ret enia
	layer_4: mor of the bret e n
	layer_6: more of te breet enane
	layer_8: more o the brit eeni
	layer_10: more o the briteening
	layer_12: more of the brit ening

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he in now verreng well i tint
	layer_4: he ad now  verin well i dind
	layer_6: he are know very well i doned
	layer_8: hoe know very well i don't
	layer_10: he know very well i don't
	layer_12: he know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have maghd of moy mond a ey ut aorrefirs he waentorm presenttlly
	layer_4: i have mahd ove my mine a out arefers he wein torm presently
	layer_6: i have made ue my mind about orafairs he wentorm presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went o presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: tes
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: gyes
	layer_10: gyes
	layer_12: ges

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: woil you marryy an glit us tiket chans
	layer_4: will you marry my an let us tie er chance
	layer_6: will you marri me and let us take o chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take your chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: youfel rself indispensibletya fatherapreasent
	layer_4: you feel youlrself indispencible to yoa father at present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensible to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i shud be soe frid of the afectpon his helfh jespe
	layer_4: i should be so frind of the affect upon his helf jasper
	layer_6: i should be so  frand of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_8: i should be so afrind of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: shee  asd and looked apert him tucin y
	layer_4: she asd and looked apet him tuchinga
	layer_6: she prased and looked upat him tuchingay
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: tde ye i cout felit would bemmy juty to r nau she becaus my farther had becom blait
	layer_4: deyur i caunt fel it would be my juty to rnous hoe because my father had become bloid
	layer_6: dia i can't feel it would be my duty to r enouce hu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blide
	layer_10: de i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blinde
	layer_12: de i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blinde

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acr to you
	layer_4: has one thing a cur to you
	layer_6: has one thing accur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: whill he colnd samet to recsavfoan a lonts for aperson whos nme is mises nflyn
	layer_4: will he cold samt to receive in a louncse fom a person whose name is misses n vy
	layer_6: will he coln senmt to receive in alowuance from a person whose name is missus nilve
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvay
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: andi f y obstonently rerfses what thei wat his befor hm
	layer_4: and if he obstinatly rehfuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinetely refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she lis on the anihousiy and dreflected
	layer_4: she listent the anciously and reflected
	layer_6: she listed the anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listned anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as ow have send there was a very erious dout whit the r fatha whuld ex cect mony forbu wen yeu wll mo wifth
	layer_4: as oi have seend there is a very serious daout whereh the our fal the would except money for beu when you ir mo wife
	layer_6: as i have sed there is a very serious dou where the your father would accept money for byou when you wire my wife
	layer_8: as i have send there is a very serious doubt wheher your father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ere my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: if his't yoor folt mowiin and wel then theys only one thing to do
	layer_4: it hisn't yoar folt maioan and well then theis only one think to do
	layer_6: it isn't your folt marrion and well then the's only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marrian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: ixcrped jesper than i father is heltlese i musfine reant of a shur ing his supart
	layer_4: exceped jesper that i father his helpless i mus fie mans of a sureing his support
	layer_6: except jasper that if father is helpless i must fine means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jaspe that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: ti i hink then in semoutiable
	layer_4: doothink them in simoutible
	layer_6: do you think them insomoutible
	layer_8: do you think them insumountable
	layer_10: do you think them insumountable
	layer_12: do you think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus wor hie dosit it his hing possibl mowi you sihall have the plintrt
	layer_4: that his jus were ho hve desiedat his inpossible mouine you shall have the plaintroth
	layer_6: that is just wa ho hve desideet his impossible mainan you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible mian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i hve decided his impossible maran you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i dnt trast my sel
	layer_4: i don't trast my self
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shld y fse the illinlyn
	layer_4: but shalld yo fase the willigly
	layer_6: but shall you face them willigly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: pull hup u roun brol of marrind
	layer_4: poult u yu run broll of marrin
	layer_6: put oup you run brell af marrian
	layer_8: pult up yu r umbrell a marian
	layer_10: pullt up yor umbrella marian
	layer_12: pult up your umbrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whatke doi gaa for  droporin shexglained with passion ant sedness when ol mon lmife is i stak ho mi toon derstantyou
	layer_4: whatdo i kare for a ropporin she xglained with passionaut sadness when all my life is astak how a migh tounderstand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a dropp of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how i i to understand you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every wordy spekceentingtended to this harenmyng
	layer_4: every worgyou spek seemsingtenden to this hartind me
	layer_6: every word you speak seems intenden to this heartnd my
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intendent to this heartend me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intendet to this heartened men
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intendet to this heartened ming

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: w nahu concel ifthat his the trth
	layer_4: wy neu conceelit if that is the trth
	layer_6: why need you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that wht youmwe by sing you distross tul sol
	layer_4: is that what you mbe by saying you distrus ilsolf
	layer_6: is that what you me by sying you distrusd youlself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mu see hou the regan maingo
	layer_4: we mut see ch ot the regee marig e
	layer_6: we must seech othe regai marrian
	layer_8: we must seeeach other regaed maria
	layer_10: we must see each other ragined marion
	layer_12: we must see each other raganed marion

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howr mi tliv and aoi in such unsitenteistics
	layer_4: howa my toalive and aony in such unsertinty astics
	layer_6: how  i to live an o in such uncertainty is this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i dwisit
	layer_4: i do wisht
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremotion hade ne fecdon hin and his vois trembled
	layer_4: heramotion had n afecd on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: heremotion had an affect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is ni natura lor th at  chald should sof rende ehorything for hearparence
	layer_4: there is no naturao loar that to chad should surende everything for her parence
	layer_6: there is no natural law that ha chalve should surrenda everything for her parence
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yiv nhy se much mor f the bwol thand igde ca tu id fisming
	layer_4: youd noo soe much more of the wold en ide cantou oad fieme
	layer_6: you know so much more of the world dhan i do can't yu advise me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: is thaed no wy of provoiding fr my foothr
	layer_4: is thei no way ovf provoiding for my foother
	layer_6: is thei kno way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of providing for my fther

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: god got this is froit ful mari honm i cat stantet
	layer_4: goog god this is froight ful marion i can stand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marion i can' stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i wiul be faite ful t yu
	layer_4: i will be fatful to ou
	layer_6: i will be fathful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had mighe or protens of holding his on bror ivor her bat moriyg in tr doway a woke to wrllitll distencs and stood biny the sheltr of a grigt tre her face of erted frompiun
	layer_4: he had made ar protentse of holding his om bror eover her but maryan ternd awy and wakd to a little distance and stood beneth the shelter of a grigpt tre her face oferted frompium
	layer_6: he had made a pretense of holding his umbroer over her but mary en turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a griapt tre her face averted from hum
	layer_8: he had made a pretense of holding his umbreer over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a grat tre her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a greate tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a greape tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: no vhe to folly he sar ther her fri w shak in boy saoun lo soping
	layer_4: movicto follow he sa that her frainm wa shake en by sounles sobing
	layer_6: movicto follow he swaw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: movic to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: movic to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moveicg to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: e what ca therbi mor solficiness
	layer_4: in what can ther be mor soficiness
	layer_6: in what can there be more sofishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi coudet sa on ord that wed seen to in fiht such miseryus this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say of word that would seem to in fighte such missereas this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to infighte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you don love mey jessper an tats and and ofe everyting
	layer_4: you done love mey jesper and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jespe and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jespe and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinessol misery comto ess bfefit
	layer_4: happinesal miserycome to us by fait
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by fit
	layer_8: happiness of misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hin mye powrt to migteyourhappy
	layer_4: is if hin my pow  to make you happy
	layer_6: is if in my power to mak you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is it in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but hiav e at sae hou lougt we bo fo thert i should heavit all wlyice to remin be
	layer_4: but hiave ye hadt said hou loved met bo for tha i should hav it allwice to remimber
	layer_6: but if you had said you loved mee before that i should have it alwayse to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved mee before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if fi belev anying i beleafs tat i didlo inu
	layer_4: if i believe any thing i believe that i ditlov u
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: whane cimyou sy to meng mor than you have se ter
	layer_4: whant cam you soa to meg mae than you have se near
	layer_6: whant can you say to me more than you have sad nao
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_10: what can you say to mea more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to mean more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: bremambe meas of man who disred guard ed prisel lof such as yrs to g ad maekhimself u prold posation afmon fos and naves inde that's wor its cometon
	layer_4: remembeme as a man who disregarde pricleslave such as yurs to go and mak himself a proud position om on fouls and naves indeen that wat its cometo
	layer_6: remembermy as a man who disregarded pricless love such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position among folls an naves indeen that's what its come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: sn nofe wuld torly despoismyng and th i should nelirt was merited whyt epe ters prid would refaul togistet
	layer_4: son anoug fye would thorly dispis meg and thogh i should noo was merited my povrst pried would reval toginst it
	layer_6: soon enough yeu would thoroughly dispise me and though i should know it was merited my peverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whant caimpy simplot hin the treth
	layer_4: what con be simplothan the trefh
	layer_6: what can be simpler han the trof
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truf
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it his a fin tha happens evered e therin a manl omen and fol that anloe de mancs isthe corragedo confes the trth
	layer_4: it is a fing that happens every day ether in a man alr whomen and fal what onlo demoance is the courage to confes the truoth
	layer_6: it is a thing that happends every day either in a man or woman and all what ona demands is the couriage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honar demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: marion lor hu do this whil you live heare in gage entd losfornothe sixsmonce but withey out hav meatin juring that toin
	layer_4: marian wul you do this whill you let har in gagement lasfornothe sixmonte but withey oud have meting guring that tin
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting juring that te
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time
	layer_12: mariann will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seainsto y chadish
	layer_4: that seems  me chardish
	layer_6: that seems to me chaldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the riine fel on sacing win ad withthit begard to lg om ore tumda bist
	layer_4: the ran fell onseascingin and with it begard to nigl an or tumla mist
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingling and with it begard to migle an or tumbdo mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingling and with it began to mingle an autumb mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autuma mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autuma mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jes bet delid a mirmat then ast coly
	layer_4: jesbut delad a miment then ast comnly
	layer_6: jes e delad a miment then asked camly
	layer_8: jespa delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jaspr delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you gowind to the musen ys
	layer_4: i you go in to the musm yes
	layer_6: are you going to the musim yes
	layer_8: are you goin to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: go him hagi or thi smorning marinon you cop work
	layer_4: gohom agie for thismorening marian you cap work
	layer_6: go hom agi for this morning marian you cap work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marion you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marion you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: y must and i have no tane to ls
	layer_4: y must and i have no tam to los
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to los
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by she gafe en rerthint
	layer_4: good by she gave i ehid
	layer_6: good by she gave him her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her haand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi loek todey cholthe forn anstat they moang n lef the shelto of the trn i petere of brolu ad waked quicple owy
	layer_4: thy looked it each othe for an einstemt the mari an lef the schaelto of the tre ipet er o brellar atd walked quickly awy
	layer_6: they looked at each other for an instant their marryan left the shelter of the tree operd her a brella atd walked quickly away
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant ther marian left the shelter of the tree opened her embrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jes bhe did not watch ho he had the ficeof a mn who was sur aga sof fyu he mele ation
	layer_4: jus te did not wathheur he had the face of a man who wis sueringas sof vear urmallation
	layer_6: just te did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sevir humilioation
	layer_8: justut did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_10: jaspu did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jasput did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sisto saive bery litl for she reakig nas genu an sufrangin his tin saon aspict
	layer_4: his sister said bery little for she reckigno s genen sufteringin his tins and aspect
	layer_6: his sister said bury little for she recognoas genuane sufftering in his tins and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said bery little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his tines and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fe wenk sagoa he atialy prepose towaronman for hm hegus not prtame do have the slihtes toffection but hi was bvery rich and who semd lihtly to bay fllition oug to mori him
	layer_4: a few wingk sago he atually prepos to ar woman for hrm he dos not protame to have the slightes teffection but whe was bery rich and who seemed litely to be foullitionough to marry him
	layer_6: a few winks ago he atually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightes deffection but who was very rich and who seemed litly to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few winks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who wis very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who wis very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nong morting he ware seeve dterfinal ainsr i refsal
	layer_4: yest nong morning he wrare seived her tfinal anser a refusal
	layer_6: yest one morning he reeceived her fhinal answer  refusal
	layer_8: yesterdayn morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: you wilontdestand thi shally u nat n fresh prfh how aely u worthe he as ov hu
	layer_4: yout will understened tho sarly ou nete nofresh prof how utely awor the he is of hyou
	layer_6: you will understand though surely u need no fresh proof how utterly u worthy he is of yu
	layer_8: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly arworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you irt the ounly fori doy have of my ourn seks ad i could not b t wse hyou
	layer_4: you wor the only for idoi have of my on sexs and i could not betlose you
	layer_6: you wre the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bea tolose you
	layer_8: you were the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevrle dase passtd beforl thei caime of reply
	layer_4: sever das passtd before theit came of raply
	layer_6: severl days pased before theire came a reply
	layer_8: several days passd before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly as thitk ou wil right tom with out tha lasedrefferente to thing s troubls tel be overwayse abaut yoouself a be sharledth youcannot tely too much
	layer_4: i must only ask thit you il right to me without the leastd refference to thes trouvls tell be oeaways about yourself a be sre that you cannot tell me to much
	layer_6: i must only ask that you will wright to me without the least reference to these troubles tell be alhaways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we havesecceeted in amassing too hundred unces of sover anoth i tres to  reckt ahance om bront ficur
	layer_4: we have secceeted and a masing two hundred unces of silver anough i tress to arect ahansome bronds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded an a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i tres to erect a handsome bron's figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronde figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: two be surit seems a shame yet of ikeoud stel the mony this presedes bosting abou i culd liv it es for ther rest of mid das and s oh he began casting bout howp best h mit composis perpuse
	layer_4: to be sur it seems a shame yet of i could steall the money this presedes bosting about i could liveit eas for the rest of mi days and soh he begain casting about howp best he migh composus purfose
	layer_6: too besure it seems a shame yet if i could stel the money this presd is bosting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purfose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steeal the money this priesedis boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this prists boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this prists boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the preasd far from gesing the drift of his comrats thuts durny cherfully on tilltey rich the toun of coona
	layer_4: but the presd far from guessing the drift of his comrads thoughts jurny cheerfully on till they rech the town of cona
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrad's thoughts journeied sheerfully on till they reached the town of coona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of koana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of koana

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: her thers an arm of the se which is crosd an firy boats that startis sn a some twony ur thirty pasenders ar gather together and a hone of he's boats the two tralers om bart
	layer_4: heare thereis an arm of the sea which is crost ind fary boates that startis soon a some twenty or thirty passengers aregather together and an one of these boats the two travblers amdbart
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startest soon an some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travelers and barked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in feiry boats that startast soon an some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers enbarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fery boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fery boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the bot man apassonders herd the splassion saw the pres strugliy in the watter theye wer frade and mat every effort to save him but the win was far in the bot running swifly under the belling sailes sao they wersoon a feow hundrd dyoard s offfrom the drouning man who sank befor the bote cold be turne ter reskiu him
	layer_4: when the boatemen apassenders heard the splashion saw the pre struglwin in the water they were fred ad made every effort to save him but the wind was faire an the boat running swiftly under the bellying sailes sao they were soon a few hundered yards off rom the drowning man who sank before the boate could be turned to reskou him
	layer_6: when the boatmen ad passenders heard the splash and saw the priese strugglin in the water they were afraid ad made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescu him
	layer_8: when the boatmen an passenders heard the splash and saw the priest strugglig in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the belling sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he sawthas the rond fain the out mose crefen dhismame and said to his fell upasenders tis prise oom we of just lastd was my cousent he was going to ceoto to visit the shrin of his paturant and is i happendto have business there s wel we settled to travle t ogether
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron faind the ut mose creaf ene dismame and said to his fello passendgers this priesd wom we of just lost was my cousant he was going to kio to to visit the shrin of his paturent and has i happened to have business there is well wes settled to travle together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron fained the uptmost crief in dismame ind said to his fellow passengers this prese whom we have just lost was my cousint he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his patrent and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travele together
	layer_8: when he saw this the ron feined the utmost crief and dismam and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost wats my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrant and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the ron fegned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this prist whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there is well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the ron feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: n howalasby this mis forton my cousen is dead and i am left l lon
	layer_4: now las by this miss fortun my cousan is dead and i am left al lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke sofealing ly an wept so frely thae the passenders belevedu story and piteden chried comferdem
	layer_4: he spoke so felingly and wept so reely that the passengders beleved a story an pitedin tried comfordom
	layer_6: he spoked so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story ind pitied and tried tocomford hem
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed hi story inpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story inpitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than the roun an saidtof the botmen
	layer_4: than the ron ant said to the botmen
	layer_6: then the ron an said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the ronan said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the ronan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the ronan said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what thinku gentlmen adt it he turning to the o ther thravlers
	layer_4: what think u gentlemen addid he turning to the of ther shravelears
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other hravelers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of cours were only to gla to  voit any hinderanse to their on word jurny and all with onevoiyce a greed to wat the ron an hev prprosed andso the matter wesetdled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to avoit any hindrance to there onword jorney and all with one voics a greed to what the ron in have prprosed and so the matter wah sattled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onwar journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proposed and so the matter wa satdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron an hade proposed and so the matter was setdled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan had proposed and so the matter was ettled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: won at laink they reach theh shor they lofthe bot and every man went his way buthe ronint over joyde an is heart tok the ondering pracs logige and putig it with isun persud his jurny to ciote
	layer_4: wen at lang they reached the shore they left the bot and every man went his way but the ronent over joyed and his heart took the wondering prece lugage and putting it with his own ersud his journy to kikto
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quiyoto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: forton favoring his speculations he bean to a mask great welthaen lived ad hises de ning himself nothing and in the cource of time hy maried awife who bwore hime achiled
	layer_4: fortun favouring his speculations he bean to amask great welthan lived at his es did nying himself nothing and in the course of time he married awife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favoring his speculations he began to i mask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since than alas gone wel was me yet had i not een poor i had never turnede sass ond northef
	layer_4: since then alws gon well was me yet had i not been poore i had never turne to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then alwas gone well wis me yet had i not been poor i had never turnd to sasin northief
	layer_8: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_10: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all ways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned asassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would afled into the house but the gos strech forth hi t withered arm and cluching the bac of as n next scaled at hime with af veendict of glarana hitious gasly ness of meam so one spekubly aofful that any ordinary man woul ho swon with fere
	layer_4: he would hav floed into the house but the gos strech forth id s withered arm and cluching the back of is nex scaled at him with a ven dict iof glar anda hidious gasly ness of meam so one speakably offl that any ordinary man woul have swoon with fer
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretch forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his next scalled at him with a vendict if glar and a hideous gastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vendictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undon by such seasles fexcation tookaba fel ill an cet muttering o misery misery the waondering prease is coming to toorturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such seaseless fexation took abey fell ill and ket muttering o misery misery the wandering priesd is coming to toarture me
	layer_6: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation took a bey fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering prieset is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took obey fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tiolk obay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation til abay fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now t chance that the story riched the ears of a certin andering priece to loged in the extreen
	layer_4: now at chance that the story reche the ears of a certan wandering prese two lodged in the nextrean
	layer_6: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest too lodged in the nextren
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest twoo lodged in the next trean
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and higding is haduneder the cover let he late quivering all over
	layer_4: and higting hs head under the coverlet he lake quivering all over
	layer_6: and hidinghis head under the cover let he lae quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three yearsc ad the con a faery you flung me into the water and weld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the co on affairy you flung me into the water and welld you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago ad the coonafairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the cuana feiry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuana fery you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana fery you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happlly conten ed the presetd i had learne to swim and te dive as aboy sai reach the sre and after andering throe many provences suxcceeated and setting upld bront fi aure to boda thus fifilling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happly contenue the preasd i had learned to swim and todive as a boy sa i rach the shore and after wandering throug many provences succeadted and setting up a brond figure to bouda thusfafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and todive ias a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a bronde figure to boota thus fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to buda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to budha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: o my gurny homorts i toothelaging in the nextreet and ther heardif your marvle is ilment
	layer_4: on my journey homemords i took a loging ind the nexttreet and there heard of your marvlis alment
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and ther heard of your marvelis alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous alment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous alment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking iced devine ats cas tha cam to seieu and them blad to find i was not a stakan
	layer_4: thinking i could devine its caue it came to see and em glad to find i was not mstaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its caus i came to see ou and tham glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and whuld int not illd beco me to bermos
	layer_4: and would it not illd become me to beremalse
	layer_6: and would i not ill become me to bar malse
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malise
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malic
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repnt therefor in abandinar yevl wayse
	layer_4: repent therefore in a bandinyeur evl ways
	layer_6: repent therefore in a bandonyur evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to se you do se i shoulu stam the heite of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i shoul ha stem the hight of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should e steem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be havfe good chere now and look bain the face and yeu willsy that i am reilli a living man and no venhfoul dobblan come to tormentyu
	layer_4: be of good cheere now and look beain the face and you will see that i am really aliving man and no venshful toblan come to towerment ya
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and lookd be in the face and you will see that i am reallya living man and no venshful goblan come to torment yu
	layer_8: be of good cher now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: ind a fit af nadness i was temted to cil and brobia
	layer_4: in a fit ove nadness i was tempted to kill and robbo
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: fortham be frended me ever after but the rituri cre the mor knly iae fhelt how wicket i had been and the more ifor saw that my victams fengionce wultd someday of ertakemig
	layer_4: forthan befriended me ever after but the richure i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fensence would someday overtake me
	layer_6: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengence would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hanta by thes thought i los myg nerove tio one nighte i be holdyour spirit and from that time forth fell il
	layer_4: hanta by this thought i lost my nurve tio one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but hw yo manised o ha scapener still  live is more than ikean understand
	layer_4: but how you manirsh to his scape an er still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you manigsed to his scape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: at gulty man said the preseed with a smile shutters at the rusling of the wend tha chattering of ha storx beak a merders contionce praise upon his min till he sees what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priesed with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wend wr the chattering of a storkspeak a merders conscience praiseupon his min till he seeas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind ore the chattering of a stork speak a murders conscience praise upon his mine till he seas what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storik speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storic speak a murdereor's conscience prays upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storic speak a murdereor's conscience prays upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: evere well ordherd jakins hom of the old fassion rn havs its lile srnm which as the senter of ther relid gos lie  the hous
	layer_4: every well orderd jacptins home of the old fashion nd has its little shrim which as the senter of the relige oth life o the house
	layer_6: every well orderd jacpnis home of the old fashion kind havs its little shrin which is the center of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrim which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jakknese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered jaknese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: shedes he sut the riceon ine bef or the ans estrl tamblets who lites the ll lam pechnae and who sese that at each festayn anerseryseson the proberfut his prepared and set out for the housled got
	layer_4: she itis who sets the rice and ine bef ore the ands esterl tanblets who lightes the litlelan peach naite and who seese tht at each feeseday in anversre season the prober fut is prepaired and set out for the housled gots
	layer_6: sheitis who sets the rices and wine before the ancestrial tablets who lights the little lampeach knight and who seesed that at each feestday an aniversary ceason the proer footis prepared and set out for the houseold gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feastsday in anniversary season the proper foot is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: hese most becup carfully by the moters e sae gartgent tha manyte evles tha beset chiled life
	layer_4: these must becep carefully by the mothers a safe gardigans the many evles that beset shild life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe gard against tha many evils that beset shild life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother s ta safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visitstoknoded temcls by relit ofs im frins ofon rs al tan aditionh to the hit clection
	layer_4: visistonoted temples by relit ove s em friens offten res alt in aditionth to the chilth collection
	layer_6: visits tenoted temples by relatives am friends often result in additions to the child'h collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child' collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thes ere puut tagother by thi carfom mothern proservdes shellislyas queen o the acap the chard stick that goverend the destone avfer son
	layer_4: all these are put togetherd by thet careful mother n proserved as shaell asly as queen ou the ackept the chard stick that goveried tha dest intey offr son
	layer_6: all thes ware put together by the careful mother and preserved as jellasly as queen ou theakept the charde stick that goverin the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen athea kept te chared stick that goverined the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childern ari tha ears of discression hes treser's passout of the mothers fate folr keping into the hans of their actualt omes an there yeuresly cep spordt away an some little used drr cadnent tild deth re livs te nessescity for any frther sae girnts overlife
	layer_4: as the childern ary tha years of discression thesetreasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual onters and there yearly cep spore t away and some little use drro cadnet n tild death removesd the necessity for any forther save gartso overlife
	layer_6: as the childern arriv that years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oanners and theire earsly kept spored away and some little used drawreor cabnet until death removes the necessity for any further safe gardso over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and theire yeasually kept storit away in some little used draweor cabnet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their ually kept storit away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they re eually kept storit away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: echani mil bringses on kined of gouder bad luckcan to the ouer da or yer over which o prdite and lnly a scilful boinsero pros an crns cand redt or right te con enations and oun der stan what fhelucke of any pouotecki her our in ande perticulred day  van y pertacular yur bill be
	layer_4: ech ani ma brings its owm kind of gooder bad luckconto the houer day or year over which a predites and only a skilful balancwer prosand cons canred a righte the coni nations and understain what theluck of an y putickul her hour in an y perticular day oaf any prtacular yeer will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of gooder badluck into the hour day or year over which at prosdides and only a skilful balancer a prosen cons canred a right the convinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck anto the hour day or year over which it prosides and only a skilful balancer of prosen cons can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prosand kans can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros and kans can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: fr t e greater venc of famly lif tha hompo ases her felt to be to un serten on thas serviss of te orthantellr mus becalden
	layer_4: fr the greaor avense of family life the whome profases or felt to be two uncertain an thas services of the fortuntellar must becalld in
	layer_6: for the greater eventse of family life the hom propasies are felt to be two uncertain an thi survices of the fortune teller must be called hin
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an the servfaces of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the hom prophesies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the hom prophesies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manish family with thinco building in dew house withut finding in what direction to theayce thu frunt dor
	layer_4: no well manish family with thinkofd building an new house without finding in what direction to tface the front door
	layer_6: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_8: no well manish family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_10: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manter has bensettld an the houss farely begum there orea catinall craces in its construction apon which muched tepens
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the houses farly begun there area casional cricis in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the houses fairly begun there are occasional chricies an its construction upon which much depens
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house es fairly begun there are occasional crisies in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: a these the mosthim portines the day eng the briouth isrtst
	layer_4: of these the most importains the day whin the brouf is rst
	layer_6: of these the most importan s the day when the rof is rrised
	layer_8: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is rased
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the hosonter then the side wither the da sat by the builder is a leckin one for himself and his fam
	layer_4: the housoner then i the side weather the day set by the bilder is a lecking one for himself and his famiy
	layer_6: the houseownor then an theside whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the houseowner then in teside whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then in desides whether the day set by the builder is a lecky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then n decides whether the day set by the builder is a lecky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a presen of mun te t whort man is also in order and will conduse to the rapped in fathfuil execution of the cjhotat han when it las the housis froshd in carperenders omqlasers er ready to levit the locle irmen who heavee sisted all al ong in the building as unsil labers afein as sen to the roofh and from te brigh pull casdon cak fr which the shilderem hin the neyber had scramble coyfuly
	layer_4: a present of mony teatworman is also an order and will condese to the rapit in faithful execution of the jobit hand when it las the houses frnished in carbrnders amd plafsters a ready to lev it the locl firaman who heave a sisted all along in the building as unskild labors aoftein a sen to the roove and from the brighe pul cas down kakes for which the childrn thin the neiyghbor hod scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money to eat workmen is also and order and will condoce to the rapit in faithful execution of the jobit hand when it las the houses finished in carbrnters and plasers are ready to leave it the local firaman who have assisted all along in the building as unskild labours often asend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children han the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to each workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the hous is finished in carbrenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children tan the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eath workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local fireman who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge polle cast down cakes for which the children and the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eath workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is firnished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge polle cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all com whe can and thos wo ocan not consan servensr prvisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thos who cannot comsen servan sor provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and those who cannot comesens servans or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot com sent servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot comesense servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot comesense servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day afterd thet deth offn in the evning bhebodin mus beplact an the cassc shapd carfon that and to resontly was a stil comenly anusangopin
	layer_4: on the day afterd the death often in the evening the bodtig mus be placd in the cask shaped coffan that andti resently was a stil cominly annusenge apan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until reasently was a style commonly and usingeapan
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was e style commonly ind use ing japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was ta style commonly in use in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: no mong the wel thye arclasses the lone cofen has se perceted the small sewhare or rounone but the smlrgspnce connecto with he baral an the old wae maxes ervivle of an old time un nesessity fr the manjorty of japans
	layer_4: now among the welteyer classes the long coffen has suprceted the small suare or round on but the smolarg spense connec to with the barial in the old way maxes ervival of an old tite annecessity fr the majorty of japenas
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller g spense connected with a bariael in the old way makes as survival of an old tyte anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller pense connected with he burial in the old way makes as survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square ore round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type o necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at in apon ed time all the relitovf s te sumble in the deth chamber and preperations r mad for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an apoint ed time all the relitofes the sumble in the deth chamber and preperations r made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives the semble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corps
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assembl in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: her 's no ficial sair monya morning of parencs for their childern nored his custom rlequired them the perofrn andy of lelased rit sor aten te f iinnol
	layer_4: there's no a ficial sara monyal morning of parence for their childran nor des custem require them the performnt any of thelaset rites owrattend the funea
	layer_6: theres no efficial sara monial morning of parents for their children nor discustom require them to prform any of the last rights or attend the funerl
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor discustom required them to perform any of the last rigts or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to perform any of the last rits or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial morning of parents for their children nor dis custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon thy yunger brothersan sisteresfalls the duty of i ten thing t al he last sad minestrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of atending to all  thelast sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has bend washedis isdresst an wiht in sil cabo ti when evert th e fam likan fordat
	layer_4: when the body has ban washed as as drest in whit and sil cobo ti when ever th e famlicen ford it
	layer_6: when the body has ben washed as is dressed in white an silcabotie whenever the familikcan afford it
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an sil cabotie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in sil cabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in sil cabo tie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be plas in the cofen must be folded into a siting postur and the chen restigen epon tie neas the position of the momys foundan many aber agal amarcantoms
	layer_4: the body to be placed in the coffen must be foldted into a citting posture nd the chin restacpan upon then nigs the position of the momis foundin many aberagal amaricontms
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restip enupon the kneegs the position of the mumys found in many abariginal american tombs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restiupon the kneegs the position of the mummys found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restigupon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restingupon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difical two us aperntly am possible fet safely acomplashed there r placet in the cofenand number  small things toith the dead takes with himto the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult to us a parently impossible feet safely accomplished there ar placed in the coffenan number of small things thath the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin ad number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin and number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singal eccuption to this ralbout nettal is that small coper oins may be putdin to fe the old hag who goards the bankold the rivrove death
	layer_4: the singl eccuption to this ral about nettle is that small coper oins may be putten to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove detfh
	layer_6: the single acception to this rull about metale is that small coper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverof death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vakcont spaces in the cofon ar fildt ind with bags of te
	layer_4: last of all the vigen spaces in the coffen ar fildt in with bags of ta
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces ind the cofen ar filled in with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces ind the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so longas the coinas in the housin mus pe wachedover continully
	layer_4: so long as the cofinas in the housint must be watchdover continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house in must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house itd must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house int must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house in must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to seav thid the in sence brning before the coiness en never  loup togo out whil the food for the deates rere neaed at rekuler in rls by the ornerst hemseles
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the en senseburning before the coffteness t never louetogo out while the food for the dead is wre ned at regular innervols by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the insense burning before the cofin is t never llouved to go out while the foot for the dead is werenewed  regular innervals by the morners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incentse burning before the cofin is never allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: therer few en lighten jappiny is ho will tof fen the presentsistim tof crlty to the fflectit or ho du not long for some chamge but so grate as the forse of concereitis im in the sregard so honting the feare that any change may an the cade a lack of er specfor the deid thet er form ad fances slowly
	layer_4: there oar few an light en japinyis who wil to fen the presentsistim of crulty to the fflicted or who do knot long for some chage but so greatos the forse of concervitis m in this regard so honting the fear that any change may and docade a lack of r spect for the dead that wereform advances slowliy
	layer_6: there are few and lightand japanis who will to fend the present system of cruelty to the efflicted or who do not long for some change but so great ors the force of conservitism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may in dicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowlyng
	layer_8: there are few enlightene japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: inde vidral instinces acurin which some ofthe orst featurs of thes coustioms armt ifiht
	layer_4: individual instanceas accurin which some of the worst features of these custioms ar matifight
	layer_6: individual instance as ac curin which some ofthe worst features of these custioms are modified
	layer_8: individual instancees occur in which some of the worst features of these custums are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: a caseond point as that uf the laht mister fookasova a man his life was to voted to the advancement of his contry men ind matern ways and who en his defcontenud his taciing
	layer_4: a casen point is that of the latemister foukasaea aman whoise life was dovoted to the advanceman of his countryman in modtern wais and who in his defhc ontenued his teaching
	layer_6: a cas on point is that of the late mister foucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modernways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a cas in point is that of the late mister fukazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fukazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fukazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: ind is will he provitted that his body was to be baried withou washing ind the clothing and which he dide
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be barried with out washing ind the clothing in which he dide
	layer_6: in his willd he provided that his body was to be burried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: thregethis growing feeling and mhe unselfisiness of mae turnal offection mak comen timed the release from theis mornl saremonets
	layer_4: thruhlthis growing feling and the unselfishoness of maturnel offection makeommon time the release from these mornful sairemoneets
	layer_6: through thers growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection maykecommon time the release from these mournful seremoneis
	layer_8: throug thers growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonis
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: jus prore the persesionstart ore werdlaveeasar a mlony is held at the house which as at tended by the frens of th de sast and which us substantiually the same a thatprfrned at the some atary
	layer_4: jus pefore the percsession starts a were ligeassara mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceased and which as substantually the same af that prformed at the sematary
	layer_6: just before the perocession starpts o rerelige a care mony as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same is that prformed at the cemitary
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the barial great punches of natura flares er sen to the deat each bunch so lardgeis to recare the services one man to carian
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunschas of natural flowers ar sento the ded each bunch so large s to recare the services of one man to caria
	layer_6: on the day of the baril great bunsches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large es to recar the services of one man to carrient
	layer_8: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recare the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thicgifd ha man i sento take parnt the prsession but if the giverfal towo pourta hira man this burdaen twoe fals upon the breave t houshld for at i chadt wrequirs that all floers sent be born t the grae by unform colies who march in the fn al tran
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take parnt the presession but if the giverfel two por to highr a man this burdain too falls upon the brived househuld for ati coud requires that all flowers sent be born two the graved by uniform coulies who morch in the funerall train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part the prosession but if the giverfeel two poor to higher a man this birden two falls upon the brieved household for edicatd requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniform coolies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giverfeels too poor to higher a man this burden too falls upon the beriaved household for edicate requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to higere a man this burden too falls upon the beriaved household for etiquate requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hihre a man this burden too falls upon the beriaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: u nother fa wre presinat this time among buotist is a cage of living birds tw be born to the grayve and werleasd theire one
	layer_4: another fabore presonat this time among bouotist is a cage of living birds two be boarn to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another fabor presenat this time among butests is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and wereleast there on
	layer_8: another favorite presedn at this time among budists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and rereleased thereon
	layer_10: another favourite presidenent this time among budhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite presidetnt this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it semes mor lick a bridold than a bearil
	layer_4: it seem st more like a bridold then a berial
	layer_6: it seemst more like a bridld than a baril
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridl than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a buril
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a buriel

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this pari od the spiared of the ticeastis suppose to bestil in habiting the hous and at tabliter shrin as sead up in the de chanmber profor which food onclowers ar renowd daily
	layer_4: during this periad dhe spired of the dicasedis suppose to bestil ind habiting the house and athablither shrin his set up in the deth chamgbro prefoure which food an flowers are reneud daily
	layer_6: duaring this perio the spirit of the deceased is suppose to be still inhabiting the house and a tabletor shrying is set up in the deathchamber pefore which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryin is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryin is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryne is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of quurshed you mus pe lane an tar dan am
	layer_4: of quased you must be alaine an sa danam
	layer_6: of qust you must be alaine ane said diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alaine ane said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f care it woot beor a mantait conceeted chan andres buti know hat i couln' kepston
	layer_4: if caurse it would bea r o mantit conceetded chain anderios but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_6: iof course it would be romantic conceeded chan andries but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceted chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chane andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but iat so wered diculusto haver read headedeng lan mornd an
	layer_4: but hat so wered diculus to have a read heddedin lan morned an
	layer_6: but if so wrdiculous to have a red headity lane morned ene
	layer_8: but it so ridiculous to have a red headen e lane mourned ann
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headed y lane mourned ann
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headed y lane mourned enne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and a lane was  ly man
	layer_4: and a lane was  loing med
	layer_6: and alane was a looving ma
	layer_8: and alane was a looking ma
	layer_10: and alane was a looking man
	layer_12: and elane was a looking man

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your compluction tish ou usfaras rebious said diin a aron tesly and your heres ever somemonc h ducr thane us to vbe befor you cuti
	layer_4: youre complection ish jusus fair is rebi s said dianar arneslaye and your hare s ever so muche darcker than at used to be befor you cuttit
	layer_6: you're complextion is just as fair is rubies said diina earnesly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubis said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it wasplened de fis for chrot of er the breace and tha tew girls tlored to ror themselves about in tae littl faht botom doriam ths surbaryg happforoductuting
	layer_4: it was splended defich for tcrot over the brige and the twe girl's loaed to row themselves about in the little flot bot am doryn mi surbary et forductuting
	layer_6: it was splended to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luad to row themselves about in the little flat bottom doria miserbeary cept for ductuting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lared to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorya mister berry kept for duk chooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lored to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorya mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lored to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorya mister berry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: in was a ndistyrth the jamatisolain
	layer_4: it was ay n didya hathe dramatis alan
	layer_6: in was andidea that they drometis alane
	layer_8: it was an'd idea that they drametize a lane
	layer_10: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: therstay she said where sor much worramanti gin the presend
	layer_4: theres day she said were so mich more romanti in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: theres days she said were so much more romantic tan the present
	layer_10: thusdays she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_12: thusdays she said were so much more romantic than the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they hat ofton gom down mick this and nethink oul be morkan venint forpling alain
	layer_4: they had oftain gom down mike this and nethink ouldbe more an venieant for playing alan
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alain
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alaine
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lacshal having mein procarn anspetted over the flit and then lay down on the bothem with closetd eyse and handsfuld tet over her bresst
	layer_4: the lucshall having mein procarn and spettet over the flagt and then lay down on the bodhim with closetd eyes and hands fulded over her brest
	layer_6: the black shall having been procurn ane spettit over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the blackshell having been procure anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procured anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procured anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the ae fact wieges isus hundrds of yers befor misus sone wus borne
	layer_4: it spoiles the ive fact wecaus is s hundreds of years before missusslund wus born
	layer_6: it spoiles the effect because his is hundreds of years before missus lind was born
	layer_8: it spoils the ef fect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lynd was born
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: tan yer rinses
	layer_4: can yeur rancieus
	layer_6: jan yur rencheus
	layer_8: jan yerenches
	layer_10: jan yerrenches
	layer_12: jan yerrenches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it silly frelaindto be taoking whent histan
	layer_4: it silly foirlan to be talking when he stan
	layer_6: it's silly firlaine to be talking when she stan
	layer_8: it's sily firalayn to be talking when she stand
	layer_10: it's silly frlane to be talking when she stan
	layer_12: it's silly ferlaine to be talking when she stane

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: jhanerusto th  cason
	layer_4: jane rustor the i casion
	layer_6: jane rusto the ccasion
	layer_8: jane rest ted the occasion
	layer_10: jane rust to the occasion
	layer_12: jane rust to the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet rined athe landin
	layer_4: the erhindat the landing
	layer_6: the behind tof the landing
	layer_8: left behind it the landing
	layer_10: left behind it the landing
	layer_12: left behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an give one gaskping little sgrein whch nobity ever hern she was wiht the lips but she de not lase her selfposession
	layer_4: and gave one gasbing little screem which nobidy ever hern she was white to the lips but she dod not luwse herself posession
	layer_6: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she do not lose herself possession
	layer_8: ane gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she do not lose her self possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there as one chants just on
	layer_4: there as one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and de sut shircomstances youaon't think rmen tobout making of flowypr
	layer_4: and deo suc sircumstances you on't think menta bout making of flowry par
	layer_6: under such shircumstances you on't think much about making a flowry pa
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowry paier
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the latere te dender the brete and then promplys sank en mid strin
	layer_4: the vlightjer ted under the breds and then promply sank in mid stram
	layer_6: the vatter tod under the brids and then promply sankin mid stream
	layer_8: the flit jited under the bridgs and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rebe chame and thana all ray a witting it and the lowghe  hadlaen saugt di supparbefor the vareis and had no doupbut that an hand gon dan with it
	layer_4: ruby jame and thana already a witting it on the lowr had lan soght di sapperbefore thei verieyes and had no dout but that an and gon down with t
	layer_6: ruby jame and tnna already awidding it on the lower headland saw t disappear before theig vary eyesed and had no doubt but tha an had gone down with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before thei vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaitting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: he min at's pas by is siming lican hour to the infortionat lily man
	layer_4: the minuts pass by eis siing likan hour to the infortunat lilyman
	layer_6: the minutes pass by ei seiming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes passd by is seeming like an hour to the unfortunate liliman
	layer_10: the minutes pass by is seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaine
	layer_12: the minutes pass by is seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaine

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wbyt an somemady com worehad the gil's gon
	layer_4: wit in someboty come were had the girl's gon
	layer_6: whytdin' somebody come where head the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: hor moination begindisa jest all man erf grusompossibillity steher
	layer_4: ho agination begain deisu jest all man o f gru som possibillitys to her
	layer_6: hormagination begin to s uggust all mane of gres amn possibilities to her
	layer_8: he imagination begn to suggest all manner of gruws amd possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grouws and possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of grouws and possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: ansherly
	layer_4: an sherly
	layer_6: ane surly
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how an ar to juit upther hinkgxglamd
	layer_4: hown eartho juit up ther hink sglamed
	layer_6: how an earth o junet up there hinxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth i junit up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth ie uet up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth is ou get up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: itf a sertaly exetrenmly divicot to be dignefind an or the sirconanes
	layer_4: it was certainly extrengly dificult to be dignifind ander the circumsances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifind under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: whan i's happindan
	layer_4: what his happ end dan
	layer_6: what is happened ane
	layer_8: what has happened anne
	layer_10: what has happened anne
	layer_12: what has happened anne

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a'sgollert taking uposors
	layer_4: a's gober tagking up osors
	layer_6: at'sgibert taing up his ors
	layer_8: akd gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his ors
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his ors

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: mwe ra paying in lame exxplained and fortethy without emven liking ad her brescuo and i had tod jrift  doun to came a ain the barge anin the fit
	layer_4: we were playing in lane explained and frgotlhy without evben looking at her bruscur and a had to drift down to camlot ind the barge aning the fught
	layer_6: we were playing inlane explained and frdely without even looking at her bruscuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge anming the fogt
	layer_8: we were playing in lane explained anne frgily without even looking at her bruscuuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge imeang the fogt
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her busquuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her busquro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: foro moman an hesit atim
	layer_4: for a moman and hesitate him
	layer_6: for a momen an hesitat him
	layer_8: for a moment ann hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart geve a quick qr littl be
	layer_4: her hart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_6: her hart gave a quick queer little ba
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men whichs to other n alder peoble migt bes laf aboas its cis was a now wat alad nd soffen by time semnly
	layer_4: her resent men which to other an alder people might bes lauf able as its cause was a no wit alade and sot ene by time seemingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaughfable as its cause was a no wit alaid and sotened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaufable as its cause was a no wit allaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to otherand older people might be slaugfhable as its cause was an no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other an older people might be s laughable as its cause was an no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldig i shaonl nevermye frend with the ou glber blife and i dont on to be
	layer_4: no she said caldling i shall neverme friends with you gilbert blife and i don't an to be
	layer_6: no she said caldling i shall never mbe friends with you gillbert blith and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldlyg i shall never be friends with you gilbert lthe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blyth and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: oari
	layer_4: o ra
	layer_6: il rat
	layer_8: all rite
	layer_10: all rite
	layer_12: all rite

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: inl never as u to befrensagan an shrlly an i on't carther
	layer_4: i'llnever as yu to befrens again an sharly and i don't carer ether
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again aned surly and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of quourse he had and sulded hered tarbly buth stel
	layer_4: of courset he had n sulted her taribly but stl
	layer_6: of courst he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: ieverything d yowu gets me ormiy tereoas frounsintesca
	layer_4: ieverything i d you gets me or myteras friansinto scate
	layer_6: everything i d you gets me or my tearas friends into escrape
	layer_8: everything i doou gets me or my tearest friends into escrape
	layer_10: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i d gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands percentiment prewove morchrusswrothy then precentimense ar ap to da
	layer_4: ands perocentiment prow fe more tres worthy then percentimens are ap to da
	layer_6: ane's peresentiment provof more trest worthy than peresentiments are ap tode
	layer_8: ann's per sentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are apt tode
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to de
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are ap to der

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bl you ever havany sencs an gro mor ala
	layer_4: ble you ever hav any sens an gromrala
	layer_6: bll you ever have any sense ane gromarila
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne groe marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne grown marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne growne marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don' sy how sauid mirla
	layer_4: i don't sae how said mrilar
	layer_6: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: eversimsei camed ti gringibles iven maging mis staks and ec e stag hes elp to car mie of some grat sort coming
	layer_4: eversomes i camed togrein gables iveen maging tis stax and each oe stake haselp to curme of some greate short coming
	layer_6: ever somes i came to green gables i'vebeen maging mestakes an each thstake ha elpd to cure me of some great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to greengables i'vebeen making mistakes and each the stake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each he stake has helpd to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to greengables i've been making mistakes and each the stake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: ben atie in vexation thof spet
	layer_4: banity invexation thof spat
	layer_6: baniy in vexation of spt
	layer_8: banity and vexation of sprt
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of sprit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of sperit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was abraot an the laend and meralas sober mintte lage stp was liter ans pwifter becasif it steep primlgladness
	layer_4: thi spring was a broud in the land and mriles sober middle lage step was lighter and swifter because of itsteep primo glaness
	layer_6: the spring was a broagt in the land and mrllas sober middllage step was ligher and swifter because of it s teep primal gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middleage step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i mes say withou her fahts i neverfand her disuppedion or un trust wored tley before and ad rall sariet ofiner son now
	layer_4: i must say withoul her faughts i never found her disippedian or untrust woared they before and im real sirried ofinder so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disapedient or untrustwordthy before and i'm real sorry to find hr so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disoppedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her fults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her fults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapshereged in her two hastilying horalla
	layer_4: perhapser joedin her two hastilenm erila
	layer_6: perhapsher jugin her too hastiliaerilla
	layer_8: perhaps you'r judgein her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps shou're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps she're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the quarsei ny you take her part methio but imbring yor ap not yui
	layer_4: thof qure i knew you take her part mathyo but i'mbring your ap not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part math but i'm bring yourup not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part mathew but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bring yeurup not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bring yeurup not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dor mendedn murale anxto sley going everthy the bab
	layer_4: dimendin rerlar anxo sly going overte the bad
	layer_6: dormendin rerilla anxesley going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxosly going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bag

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowred deeper in to her pillas as if t eireus of hiting hersel rever from mort al ies no
	layer_4: and cowr deeper into her pillas as if desirous of highding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: and cower deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne cowared deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself for ever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get rit u fhis mine in tomme
	layer_4: get rihde a this mite in tal me
	layer_6: get rihte up fhismitted in telme
	layer_8: get righte up this minute and teme
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tel me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minint i sa thanno what is it
	layer_4: this minut i say tha no what as it
	layer_6: this minute i say there no what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say the re not what os it
	layer_10: this minute i say there no what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there not what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: an hade sled to the for indesparing abedient
	layer_4: and hade slid to the for in desparing abedianse
	layer_6: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_8: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes as grm modan
	layer_4: yes it's gren moned an
	layer_6: yes it's green mondan
	layer_8: yes it's green moned an
	layer_10: yes it's green moned an
	layer_12: yes it's green moned anne

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: it thout  nothing con biors badtis read heire
	layer_4: i fhoughti nogthing con be as bat as reada hair
	layer_6: i fhought nothing can be as bod as red a hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing can be as bod as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing can be as bad as red a hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing can be as bad as red a hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: yoovean gotnintonhy scret for veor tu mant and i was sernothe on wastaire
	layer_4: yoven got n intony scragte for ever to mont and i was ser nother one was dar
	layer_6: yu ave en' goten intony scrat for over two mont and i was sure another one wasdear
	layer_8: you aven't gotten int any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was der
	layer_10: you aven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: youhaven't gotten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what to youd isher har
	layer_4: nowthen what tat you du e your har
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: and shrly tining yo know at was  wickad thing to d
	layer_4: an shurly didnnt you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and surely didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_10: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes cinkno was a littl wice ain a minedan
	layer_4: yes i knewt was a little wickn ad minted an
	layer_6: yes i knew was a little wicked amided ane
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicken amine anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wickend admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wickend admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i nnow at i fiels ike to hav yur wornd dat in
	layer_4: i know int i feels ike to have your wor and dat in
	layer_6: i know at it fels like to have your word daten
	layer_8: i know what it feels like to have your words ated
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words atet
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words atet

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: a missus aolan sas we shoeuld neversuspec any on of not teling as the truth andlus we have proufart ther no
	layer_4: i missus alen says we should never suspect any oned of not telling us the trut andless be have pruof hat their not
	layer_6: and missus alan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have profh that theire not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have profd that the're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buti hanen then and ibelemtd every wor d he said implicitly
	layer_4: but i haddend then and i beleved every word he said impliscsitly
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain ho yo tudin abou
	layer_4: who san her you trgking aboun
	layer_6: who san her you taking about
	layer_8: who san howae you taking about
	layer_10: hosan who re you talking about
	layer_12: hosan who are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh een lleterm an the hous
	layer_4: oh i didnt lethim in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: ind atcrice i san iself ith budtifor rav and black haire an the timtation mas ar isistibln
	layer_4: in a trise i sown iself with beautifore rave en black hair and the timptation mis erisistibln
	layer_6: ind a trise i sawn myself with beautifl rav and black hair and the timptation mis irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raveen black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: omor rele wut a tangld we we weve en firese we practes tuto see
	layer_4: oer rela what a tangled we we weve when fires we practis to to ce
	layer_6: orilla what a tangled web we wev when first we practise to deseve
	layer_8: oh arilla what a tangled web we weve when first we practice too deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: you her mus becud of there as no re ther wat he cankg o iu withat li on likt tha
	layer_4: you her moust becut off there is no r the wan you kank o out withat liong lige that
	layer_6: you her mus be cut off there is no other way you can' go outwith a looking like that
	layer_8: you hear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: youhare must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: you hare must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: whith ha dis mao sye shement for the cusrst
	layer_4: with a dismal sige she went for the ciserss
	layer_6: with a dismal sighe she went for the siserss
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scisors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but ther wis nothin comeforting and having yer hercud offe bechus heve didt ed e droudful collor is the
	layer_4: but the was nothing comefrting and having your haire coud off becuse yive dited a drudful color is the
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dided a dreudful collor is the
	layer_8: but there wis nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died id a dreuadful collor is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful collor is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful collor is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: and wene to rep alld the time e coutting it ough if it on in a fer
	layer_4: i'm wen to weep all the time yor cutting it offh if it one int ir fer
	layer_6: i'm gen to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it ont in er fear
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time yure cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: is seme sa to thraget thin
	layer_4: it seeme shat to tragic thing
	layer_6: it seemed suh a tratic thing
	layer_8: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_10: it seem such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seems such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and we then bu lather one hen she wen upstars an lookst in the glas she was come min to spam
	layer_4: and wep then but lather on when she went upstairs an looked in the glass she was calm at o span
	layer_6: ane wept then but lather on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm int to span
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with e span
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with dispan
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despain

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wil t ou
	layer_4: yes i well tou
	layer_6: yes i will too
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will to
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: and nive ry thougt ie as a vain abut my haire of althings but nowi nowy was and spyt iv its being ran becaus of a sil long an hickon curliy
	layer_4: i dnever thought i was avain about my hair of althings but now i now i was and spit of it sbeing rean because if a so long and tfhickend cuarlyn
	layer_6: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spite of its being red because if as so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: expexoe thing ham we harpento i noas nexst
	layer_4: e xpec s omething howm were happen to my no os naxd
	layer_6: i expect somethinghom wil happene to my knows next
	layer_8: i xpect something ham will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something ham will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something ham will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clot tad mat isinsationan scolm the following menday buts o her rlyf nobit yges the ril res anfort not even justy piht who however did not fald toon form an that she look lik a perfec scaircr
	layer_4: ands clep tad madeisinsationand schooln the following menday but to her relef nobed y guest he real resand for n note eaven justy pih who however did not filed to n form an that she lookd like a perfect scarco
	layer_6: and'sclipd ed made a senstation an school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for in not even josty pi who however did not faild to inform anne that she lookedlike a perfect scarecro
	layer_8: anes cliped head made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it' hard to be told you tho clik a scarfh kescaircro and i on ento sasethenthing back bet hid deid it
	layer_4: it's hard to be tolld you lhooklike a scarth kit scaracro and i one int to sase anthing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you look like a scarthkik scarecrow and i waneento sase theme thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you look like a scareth kick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: a makx sho fyull vary vruiswon yifforgive peoplen thusne
	layer_4: amae sye feuell very vrtuus wen you forgive people dosanit
	layer_6: ind makes syou fel very virtuous hen you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i manted evou all my inerges to peeing god ofter this an i sho never tried to be peutifu gain
	layer_4: i mean te devout all my inerges to being god after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my innergies to beeng god after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: tef carst it's betterd to be gat
	layer_4: of cors it's betterd to be gout
	layer_6: of course it's better to be got
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be god
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i on realy won to be geod orla thea yo and missus alme a misstaty and grup to be  credit to you
	layer_4: i do' realy wan to be goodenmorla the you and missus allm a misdaty and grup to be a cretit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good n mrilla thake you and missus alim and miss dasy and grup to be a cretit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good marilla tlhike you and missus allam and miss dacy and grow up to be accredit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla like youg and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: din asas when my hearbe con stogrow to tia black avelthat ribn aroun my had wit th bot on sit
	layer_4: dinasays when my hear be gan stogrow to tia black avelthat ribben arroun my had with ha bot one site
	layer_6: dionasays when my hairbeginsto grow to ti a black velvtat ribbin around my head with a bow at one sit
	layer_8: diona says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: dyana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i'vewll colit as snewd tat soun so wermantic
	layer_4: i' wil colet a sned that sound so ere mantic
	layer_6: i wlo call it a snewed that sound so rmantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoewd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snoed that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snoed that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had is better no
	layer_4: my had hs beter now
	layer_6: my hed as better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: s tearblebathe safternun the
	layer_4: os tarible bo the safternen the
	layer_6: ws terrible by this afternoon thou
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon thou
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: jun your avenlie fund ad hard i settl doand to hume jrumengcistinceagan
	layer_4: jun your aven ly fondit har di settle down to hum druming istance again
	layer_6: juner avenle foundit hard to settle down to hum drumming sistance again
	layer_8: junior avonlev found it hard to settle down to humdrum existance again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonleaf found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after wil oge us to id but anm afrad contered spail peoplefr everdi life
	layer_4: perhaps after wile agat yus to it but im afraid conswered spoil people for everyda life
	layer_6: perhaps after while i'l get used to it but i'm afraid consered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_8: perhaps after awhile i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday n life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday in life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: asappose at his wim errilla disappruse of them
	layer_4: as soppose hat his wime rrillo disuppruse of them
	layer_6: i suppose that his wim arilla disupprufse of them
	layer_8: i suppose that his whyme arilla disapprofs of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i felses nwthat a ma gir upe to be sontible yet
	layer_4: i feell jes now that i may grw up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i is laywaken a mag in the constert over an overig
	layer_4: i tis lay awake an a magin the consert over an over igan
	layer_6: i jus lay awake in imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_8: i just lay awake nd imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: iventiually hiverom avenly scousliped backonto ats al grve and tocupets oald intrests
	layer_4: iventialy hivere avenly scous eliped back en to its al grov and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually hievr avenly score slipped back into its old groov and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonly schole slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonley school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonley school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: and tof the slons wit have anen dalings wot the bous bec as the balsha teclared that the slons had to muched to doin the progran ind the slons hadpretort ed that the beus whe i capable afdoing the littal they had o do proprely
	layer_4: nen othe slones wit have any dealings with the bous because the bals thad declare that the slones had two much to dow in the prograwm and the slones had pretoarted that the beus whe nit capable ofduing the littald they had to do properly
	layer_6: noneother slones would have any dealings with the bews because the bells had declare that the slones had too much to do in the progran and the slones had retorted tat the bels were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: nono ther slones would have any dealings with the bels because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none ofthe sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter weaklit bim
	layer_4: the wenter wek slip bime
	layer_6: the winter week slip bi
	layer_8: the winter week sliped by
	layer_10: the winter week slipped by
	layer_12: the winter week slipped by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: un ans breat day they wera triping lygtly danit keping eesan ears a lert ad mit all the chatam prmistaty had told tem th they mas soon radt a compositionon a wenters walk in the woodts and at bewove them to be abserment
	layer_4: onand's breath day they were triping lightely dannit keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chatem frmistaty had told them ha they maut soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it bewhoved them to be obserment
	layer_6: on an's birth day they were tripping lightly dawn it keeping eyes and ears a lert admit all the chatem for mistasy had told them that they must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observent
	layer_8: on ann's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon rade a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chaterm for miss stacy had told them that they must soon wride a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatem for miss stacy had told them that they must soon wride a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i conscarsly realist m in myg tans
	layer_4: i conscarcely realize hat im in my tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realise that i min myteens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realie tht i'm in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize tht i'm in my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i 'm in my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it he create comefrt to thing fut o be able is big words then withoutping lafta
	layer_4: its e great comefort to think that ol be able ts big words then without being laugta
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'l be able to us big words then without being laugheda
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: heobe gilistinc of nothing but bes said and distame frlyng
	layer_4: row be guillas thinks of nothing but bosh said anderstame feling
	layer_6: rubegilles thinks af nothing but bosh said anderstamefullin
	layer_8: ruby gillas thinks of nothing but both said andasdamfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but both said an disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but boths said ane disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: shes actuily de lighded when ini won rights hername upin a take nodes for all she pretense to be stir maine
	layer_4: she's actuly delighted whern oni wone rihts her name up ien atake notice for all she pretense to be sa man
	layer_6: she'is actually delighted wheennnin whone rightes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_8: she is actually delighted whennany one writes her name up n a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up an  take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up and a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: an tine to beas muchlikemissusallon as i posiby cin forithingk shes perfeict
	layer_4: 'm ting to be as muchlike missus alan as i possibly can for i thing she's perfect
	layer_6: i'm tring to be as much like missus alan as i possibly can for i think she'is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: i i had alas bel's criokts nows said and the suidtedly i would int but there
	layer_4: if i had alas bell's crookts knows said and the sutedly i would ent but there
	layer_6: if i had alise bell's crookts nose said aned desidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crook's nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: ad refragtethink te med to but myin knas ave he sonce i herd that complemint abaut at long a go
	layer_4: i'd wefrihdithink too mu to bout my nows afe re cence i heard that camplim in about it long ago
	layer_6: i'm afrigd i think too much about my nos every since i heard that complimen about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose every since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: a da ana thok thes ar brabi
	layer_4: oh diana lhook theres a rabbit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: ther so wit an stl as af theyreroaslepen drening prety trems
	layer_4: ther so wit in still as of they we a sleep en drening pritty dreams
	layer_6: there so white and still as if they were a sleep ind dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: theres so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i woat las munda eve ning
	layer_4: i wout it last monda evening
	layer_6: i rotat last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote at last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jellas rivble ore in deft not toviten
	layer_4: it's cat the jelice rivle or in death not deviten
	layer_6: it's caulght the jealous rival or in death not diviten
	layer_8: its callt the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: its call it the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: its call et the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i reat tim ariller and she said it was stufen nonsends
	layer_4: i red itd toma rilla and she said it was stu end nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad weeat story
	layer_4: it a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it' a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordell ir was a regle bern net wit the cornet of meidnighte hare and dusply fasing is
	layer_4: cordealiae was a regle br net with a cornet of middnight hair and duskly flashing ise
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal bunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal brounet with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: honostom much more tan y dad when youwer only talf
	layer_4: yeu knos to much more than yo did when you ere only twol
	layer_6: you know sto much more than you did when you were only twale
	layer_8: you know s so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you knowshow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you knowsthow much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they gr inbauti sied by sid antill they erestix ten
	layer_4: they grew in beautiy sid by side and till they ersic teen
	layer_6: they grew and beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew ind beautiy sided by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i hast reyvbe guilleses af shenuan ything abat hom menperepose be xas it thot sh  likely ben ta thordty onf the subjict having so man y sisters marrit
	layer_4: i askt reby guills f shenuanything about howm men bropose bec aus ie thought she likely bein ta thourity on the subjiect having so anty sister's marriet
	layer_6: i asked reby gillas if she knew anything about how men broposed because i thought she likely ben tathority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i aked raby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely bein authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked reby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be ian authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked riby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely bean authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but he prtended to be jalidiens fran thesim is aver
	layer_4: but she prtended to be jarlidience frand the same his ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jarldiance friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jedian's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jedian's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jediant's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let'so youin me have a story club alron and right stoieus frer practes
	layer_4: let's youind me have a story club olloeron and right storieus fre practis
	layer_6: let's you an me have a story club allaron and righte storieus for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club oleron and rite stories for practice
	layer_10: lets you and me have a story club ol er own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club ol er own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: you ot to cot vat your man inationyou know mistacee sa se
	layer_4: you at to caught vit your mangination you know mistacey say se
	layer_6: you aght to caugt vat our imagination you know mistasy say so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know mis tay says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss tasiy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stasy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onlen eu mus tike the riat wae
	layer_4: aonlyn me mustt take the right wer
	layer_6: only you must take the rightwar
	layer_8: only weu must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was haw the storyclip cimeintanccistencs
	layer_4: this was how the story clob came into ixistance
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boycs were a lodinent otheg rebie guls a pind that their admision would makeit mworksiding and eachd miember had toprtese one story omek
	layer_4: no boycs were a loud init aothei rube gulus a pind that their admission would make it mork siting and each member had tiprtus one story obeak
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it ae theugh rube gulus apine that their admission would make it mor k siding an each member had to prduce one story o beak
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea  cgrol aster reater story out lout and then me tolket over
	layer_4: ec grl esd to reat er story out loud and then me taket over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl hast to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: my nais rosa mond mont more sery al the grelstye prety baut
	layer_4: my nis rosamond mont moresury al the grils y prety bout
	layer_6: minis rosamond montmoresery all the girlste pretty bout
	layer_8: minis rosamand montmorceri all the girl sto pretty about
	layer_10: mainis rosemand mont mourceri all the girls tee pretty about
	layer_12: minis rosemond mont morceri all the girls tee pretty about

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: anmd sur that must hovele hols an thofh fact
	layer_4: a'm sure that must have a holseonm ih tat
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holeseom iffect
	layer_8: i 'm sure that must have a whole some effect
	layer_10: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome ffact
	layer_12: i 'm sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the great fhing mistrallan seseo
	layer_4: the more was the great thing misterallansayso
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister elan sayd so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: ivrad hon a my storise to hemin missesallin an theyd bothe gry that the morl bus exceent
	layer_4: i rad one a my storise to him ind missusalin and they bothegre that the moral us exclent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him ind missus alan and they both egre that the moral was excelent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: gan in rebe omust aoys criman i comto the pat fedic prts
	layer_4: gan an roby almost alwys cri hen i come to the patheatic parts
	layer_6: jan and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cri when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: mis juss if in bary rout back that she ed never ret anyting so at msing in her life
	layer_4: miss jusof hen bary route back that she ad never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jesipin barry broke back that she had never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss jessephine berry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss jessephine berry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss jessephine berry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm sure misssaolme was neveici o sily forgetful little girl as you aa
	layer_4: i'm sure missusalem was nevercuch a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i 'm sure missusallan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i m sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'm sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so n carge ben y herd tha
	layer_4: i felt so in curgewen ly herd that
	layer_6: i felt so uncourage when iy heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: misus lens has she oys fiels shoc twento hears of any one ever hading been nody you muttar hou s matherwer
	layer_4: missus lins as she ois fill shocked when to hears of any one ever having beed notey yumutter housema ther wer
	layer_6: missus linds ays she alys fil shocked whento hears of any one ever having been notty your matter housema there were
	layer_8: missus lynd as she always fellet shocked whenthe hears of any one ever having been nughty your matter howse malther were
	layer_10: missus lyndes has she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been ntty yo matter how smal they were
	layer_12: missus lyndes has she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been natty no matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i wen her fell daut wa
	layer_4: now i won' have fel thout way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt ot way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pel lex necers te gen ne lotltimean of the haol had jusprogd teboyse op frome sed rvil to itslace te hard journid trom y tartker an dta eglere aftno n bo croning u ca you olak
	layer_4: pelexs nacus the genle leatlty men of the hal had just progd the poyse op from cedo vl to ithsplaced tey had jouned from itare on dher aglae after do an bod ronning of car yu gollic
	layer_6: pelecs nuckurs the geneal lklady man of the holl had just brogd the boys up from sedrervill to wich place they had jouneed from etaka on the reglerr afternooan bo brunning up crugalic
	layer_8: pelexs nuckers the general lycladyman of the hol had just brought the boys up from shederville to whith place they had journeye from itaka on the reglr afternoon boa running uf kaugalic
	layer_10: pelek nuckers the general luclady man of the wholle had just brought the boys up from cidrerville to itch place they had journeyed from itaka on the reglar afternoon boat running up kaugalik
	layer_12: pelek nuckers the general luclady man of the whole had just brought the boys up from chedrerville to itch place they had journeyed from itaka on the reglar afternoon boat running up kayugalik

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: tle thet aws ha gome fret gatison lady colve and sevebelothers ofted old scoch oms
	layer_4: wi ter oavars had gom fred getison lady colve and severalothers of ted old scolge homs
	layer_6: lik thedovers had come fred garizen lady colbi and several others of ter old schoolghums
	layer_8: lic tedovers had come fred garison laddy koby and several others of ther old schoolums
	layer_10: lite rovers had come fredgarison laddy colby and several others of their old schoolchums
	layer_12: litte rovers had come fred garrison laddy kolby and several others of their old schoolchumbs

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ah haldydi miss tu stong
	layer_4: ol holy dl wis u strong
	layer_6: o how d yu do mister strong
	layer_8: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_10: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_12: oh how do you do mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hed an to mede to had teter
	layer_4: and hehad an to mede tho had treate
	layer_6: and he hd an to me the had trichor
	layer_8: and he an to meet the hatricher
	layer_10: and hean to meet the hedtriter
	layer_12: and he an to meet the hedtriter

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: elr  tommes i hope you have left alldyur tpransd thehined absot jt stong
	layer_4: el tommis i hope you have left all your prans behind bso jot stongk
	layer_6: well tomas i hope you have left all your frans behind obsort gort stongk
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left alld your frans behind observed geord strong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your francs behind observed george stong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your francs behind observed george stong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: olloalek
	layer_4: holowellec
	layer_6: holowelec
	layer_8: hollow elek
	layer_10: holow allec
	layer_12: hollo ellec

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: i gan i tein fhoncs and
	layer_4: ave gan itfteen foncs and
	layer_6: ave gain fifteen founds end
	layer_8: i've gand fifteen founds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: yoll lavd me go sa you as stiken cens and my hand hold po
	layer_4: you'l led my go say you esticen plince and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'l led me go say you is stick and plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you a sticken pince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you a sticken pince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you a sticken prince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a staol ran off to ing ofay seofe ro tpiny tack as he ded se
	layer_4: he monmd astom bran off toing of aiy s ove rl pliny tacxs as he did so
	layer_6: he muunmed a tom bran off towing a va seve la pliny tack as he did so
	layer_8: he mummed as stom ran off towing ova several pliny tax as he did so
	layer_10: he mumed as tom ran off towing ovay several tiny tac as he did so
	layer_12: he murmmed as tom ran off towing ovay several tiny taxs as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: si yoo con ba havyou
	layer_4: so you con back have you
	layer_6: so you've com back have you
	layer_8: so you've come back have you
	layer_10: so you'ave come back have you
	layer_12: so you've come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: aboured misuscren astom stopt ad the cedtin dor
	layer_4: absered missuscreen astorm stoped id the kiin dor
	layer_6: observe missus green a storm stopped at the kithen door
	layer_8: observed missus green a torm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_10: observed missus green as stom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus green as storm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: as tome and det his fas sfo
	layer_4: as tom and tent his fas fel
	layer_6: asked hom and dthen his fas fell
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dr yo ollistit pu me don as  theirs oy in thescho men i i do my baty bes and almosobingd tomwrh e sace af agansicort sleve
	layer_4: odar you onwhys ted put me down as oters o in the scol men i i do my bar ye best and almos obing t om pet this face of againsecotsleved
	layer_6: odear you always did put me down as th vhirst pboy in the school wen i i do my bery best and almost sobbinged tom put hisface off againsta coat s leve
	layer_8: o dear you always did put me down as the virst boy in the school when i i do my bery best and almost sobbinged tom put his face of against the coat's leve
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbinge tom put his face off against the coat' sleeve
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my verry best and almost sobbinged tom put his face off against the coats leeve

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: mis suscleing was thaty tened ar harte han spit ofhor some wa freet on anand she was all sempate im me dyitly
	layer_4: missuscreen was whary tend er hearted in spit offr some what freet hung and she was all sempatheyan me dyitly
	layer_6: missus green was ver y tend her hearted in spite offher some what freet hung and she was all sempaty inmediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freetunge and she was all sympaty immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tonge and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the s haom ien me to har to felings hi sat soing ly
	layer_4: da ther s harm i an me to her yo felings hisat so hingly
	layer_6: thare ther s harm i dn't mean to herd your feelings he said soudingly
	layer_8: dare thers harm i dn't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: dere thers harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: dere thers harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i d a kno su tom
	layer_4: i i d a kno sop tom
	layer_6: i i  d ot know soptom
	layer_8: i i no't know sobbed tom
	layer_10: i i dot know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i dot know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid nown and have upi lesa gid boy
	layer_4: come sid down and have a py lesagood boy
	layer_6: come sid don ind have a py that's a good boy
	layer_8: comesidown and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come si down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come si down and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: as stoarly li hom he mombet prosently
	layer_4: as scrarly like home he mobet presently
	layer_6: i scarely like home he moubered presently
	layer_8: id scarely likt home he murbured presently
	layer_10: i'squarely like home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i's quarely like home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missuscren ben yuw di lhe a to at ac and offlypbimonoment a wal yagrad
	layer_4: missus green when new dy ley o to ad ac an offlypbicg monoment a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when nyou die ty oup to adac and ofuly bicg mornument o will you grave
	layer_8: missus green when you di lay oup to edda an awfully big monument or will youagrave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay ouh to eddak an awfully big monument or will yur grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay of to eddak an awfully big monument or will year grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: hant fas hertrupl tom hanunen
	layer_4: wat fo as he truble tom then some shin
	layer_6: whant foas har trouble tom then zumption
	layer_8: what as her trouble tom ton sumption
	layer_10: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what was her trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and tyet with thit all she quldin holt whut d like theboy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls sheculd en help wat like the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it alls she couldin help wut like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: anta theng thestem sespigin
	layer_4: andto thing the steme sesbagin
	layer_6: and to thingk the sterms syes begin
	layer_8: and to think the stermsus begin
	layer_10: and to think the sterm us began
	layer_12: and to think the sterms jus began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he o dhispo with hi sprig man den ar handcoocifsh
	layer_4: and he op hisbo with his spredg ben daner handcotif
	layer_6: and he mouped hisbo with his sprid ben danne handcotif
	layer_8: and he moued his bow with his sprige ban danne handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mobbed his bow with his sprige bendanna handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mobbed his bow with his sprig bendanna handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what cin hof tl os at musterd a war
	layer_4: what crind of tok as at mustet a war
	layer_6: what crin of tok is theat masterdowar
	layer_8: what cin of joauk a's dat master ove
	layer_10: what cind of jok is dath master dovir
	layer_12: what crind of joke is dath master dover

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: oht s nonto jeo gr han som
	layer_4: ouhts not tho jo ar handsome
	layer_6: oghts not the jour handsome
	layer_8: oht's not a joke yor handsome
	layer_10: oht's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: oght's not a joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: hawvee got acameater to be shua ha d o tis
	layer_4: have yi got a camorer to be shu heida tis
	layer_6: have you got a camera to be soe hed atis
	layer_8: have you got a camera to be sure here i t is
	layer_10: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_12: have you got a cameta to be sure here it is

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: samd do at inly bots from his pocketg
	layer_4: sam to atiny boks from hispocketg
	layer_6: sam de a tiny boks from his pocket
	layer_8: sam de atiny box from his pockege
	layer_10: sam drow atiny box from his pocket
	layer_12: sam dew atiny box from his pocket

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: o stan sti an oet hake isaiol
	layer_4: o stan sti and ot hake hesmatiut
	layer_6: no stand still and otake asmashot
	layer_8: nor stand still and o't ake a snasholp
	layer_10: nor stands still and i'l take a snapshold
	layer_12: nor stand still and i'l take a snapshold

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: no'stan of stat and lo happy
	layer_4: no stan of strat and li happy
	layer_6: non stant of srate and lookd happy
	layer_8: no stand of strait and look happy
	layer_10: don stand up straiht and look happy
	layer_12: nont stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sem is the col collctedout on
	layer_4: grit sem is e co lected ar und
	layer_6: cried sem as a crowcolected aownd
	layer_8: cried sim as e crowd collected around
	layer_10: cried sim as the crowd collected around
	layer_12: cried sim as the crowd collected around

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: atesyoud i hand to he abrest tistis alld sta smen do
	layer_4: t aysyour i hand to eardbrest tes is ald statesman do
	layer_6: rdais your iht hand to euar brest jestas old statesman do
	layer_8: tris your right hand to eour brest justas old statesmen do
	layer_10: treis your right hand to beour breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_12: te is your right hand to beour breast just as old statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: no read e manit and the i sil befenese
	layer_4: no rad e minit and the fits ofild becfinese
	layer_6: no grata minute and the pits of ll be finise
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fits or wil be finiced
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fits ar will be finised
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fits ar will be finised

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no ties a nyouw atinted fossece
	layer_4: no thisis a knew patinted froses
	layer_6: no thisis a new patented proces
	layer_8: no this is a new paytinted froces
	layer_10: no this is a new patinted froces
	layer_12: no this is a new patinted frocess

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam to as gwart of the ten from the boes
	layer_4: sam tuw us grerd of the ten from the bovs
	layer_6: sam dew usguare of the tin from the bogs
	layer_8: sam de usquere of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam du a squar of the tin from the box
	layer_12: sam du a square of the tin from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: idon see an yfri tr gon snogers toting e tos gwev blangtly
	layer_4: idonse iny fitu grosnogus tloking ato squerr glantly
	layer_6: i don't see any fitur grown snugers looking at tha square glanktly
	layer_8: i don't see any fiture grown snuggers looking at the square blanktly
	layer_10: i don't see any fiture groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fiture groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: ise latefrsiet
	layer_4: i selitenfrestiet
	layer_6: a sa lite fresiet
	layer_8: a's a little freh yet
	layer_10: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: it's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: who bis gi et aown set o a shog
	layer_4: whet bis ga at aoun set ap a shog
	layer_6: wet bys gaded arown set up a shog
	layer_8: wheh bys gatded around set up a shud
	layer_10: the boys gathered around set up a shod
	layer_12: the boys gathered around set up a shot

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam roer i git's cr see fie tount
	layer_4: samrawer i gits qrare sei ie don't
	layer_6: sam rover il getsquar see f i don't
	layer_8: sam rover i'll get squre see if i don't
	layer_10: sam rover i'll get squre see if i don't
	layer_12: sam rover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: he men th taminisemtle as inled uf coold pikhur
	layer_4: we mane tamin iently islad of good picture
	layer_6: wemande amminicently isnlad afe cood picture
	layer_8: remanded tam inocently isn't ad of cood picture
	layer_10: demanded sam innocently isn't id of good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently isn't id of cood picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: some afs fele donk
	layer_4: sol me af frlli donky
	layer_6: so me asked fuly donkiy
	layer_8: su me asked prly donkey
	layer_10: so me asked pli donkey
	layer_12: su me asked philli donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don ce os helic id ded nothing of te tiened
	layer_4: a dong ky o's hellic id ded nothing of the find
	layer_6: a donky olds heloc i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey old helok i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it a donc ise heade usay
	layer_4: it ta donkeis head asay
	layer_6: ita donke's head i sa
	layer_8: it's  donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa syo rpecter
	layer_4: and i sa syou ur pecter
	layer_6: an i say i you r pictur
	layer_8: and i say it's youre picture
	layer_10: and i say it's your picture
	layer_12: and i say it's your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i kno r does head when ni seed runse awe
	layer_4: i  gus i know  doncis head whe i seeat ros titawer
	layer_6: iguss i know donky's head when i seeit ased eower
	layer_8: aguess i know donkey's head when i see it ased the rover
	layer_10: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rased the over
	layer_12: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it amsed the rover

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halick tet a some th stake r
	layer_4: halock thee a somthe stake he
	layer_6: heloc there e sume te stake here
	layer_8: helic ther' a som mistake here
	layer_10: halock there's a some mistake here
	layer_12: halock there's a some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: ol you frin jio t men no mor
	layer_4: a you find jokeme no more
	layer_6: oh you find joke me no more
	layer_8: oh you find joke me no more
	layer_10: oh you frind joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you find joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: an night bhen bus islevping dtepins had od makt wedem
	layer_4: on night when both we sleving the princ hader mark begream
	layer_6: one night whent both was leeving the prince had a markbl gream
	layer_8: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: theea ust ento tedom adet theircrised ou herse and forgeting alldar fom o precossons lefte doos open soothaf the garts al sige herding diclamer entured and sot opanc
	layer_4: the ar uset into the rom adet their crise wou hers and furgeting all the form of precorsionce lefthe doors open so that the garts ouside hering the clamer anterd and sot oprence
	layer_6: they rushed into the room aded their cries to hers and furgeting all ther form of precoutions left the doors open so that the guarts outside heuaring the clamer entered and sawteprince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hering the clamor enterd and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is hat destrace o har ameily and shll so s hert huspend inpad on astake
	layer_4: she is at descrace to her family and shal soin se her haspent impald on astake
	layer_6: she is at disgrace to her family and sheall soon seey her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and sha'll soon see her husband impaled on as take
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impeled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impeled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: den met his for had disigrd by af fea fr frounm hekuntin ued to a beusaprinc and having tied his hans behin him dace him frometebon
	layer_4: dhen met his for had is figrd by afierfl from he continued to a pus teprince and haingtied his hands behind him taced him from the doom
	layer_6: thenment his for had disfigired by afearful from he continued to opuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the room
	layer_8: then with his forehad disfigured by afiearful from he continued to appuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the room
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the room
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tacked him from the room

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teeded dus likesome wyi reast tou y shakng and nitlected nigof a hana wold haveseff er gaty hat he notheem tro tected mbye the magi tro gien to him inpot alar and wich he had om tivd to conseeil in his hart
	layer_4: tuted thus like some wil peast roftly shaken and niclectered rgof a huna would havesof  greatly had he not weeim trtected by the magic  wo guvento him inpatalla and wich he had fcon trived to conceil in his hearrd
	layer_6: treaded thus like some bwile peast rotly shaken and neclected rage of ahano would have sofer greatly hard hea not ben trotected by the magict weth given to him in partala and which he had contried to concel in his hear
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken ad necglected rageifvahana would have suffered greatly had h not been protected by the magic twelth given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragivahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic wealth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragevahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twealth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad foncing therfor with a lag arwe e prepet to beceeach somepak the caprtolsiy
	layer_4: ad voncing theire for with ar larghe are me he prepath to be seech schempar the capitae ciy
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large aurmy he prepat to be seach shumpa the capital ciri
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to bese champar the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to beseche champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besece champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: ad taebled battlan sd in whits port kings we formt pra t ds o aller
	layer_4: and haribled battle andsud in which potkings wer fomt pro e jese of alle
	layer_6: an heaible battle ind sud in which bortkings were formed proi gis of vello
	layer_8: anhearible battle ensued in which bot kings were formed progies of velor
	layer_10: aherible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodeges of velor
	layer_12: anherible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodegis of valor

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: soud dhet be any pity fa thevilae tre alte hadem
	layer_4: soud that be any pity foor the vyolatr afte hadom
	layer_6: should theut be any pity for the vioalatr of the hadm
	layer_8: should thert be any pity for the violat of the hadem
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violatr of the hatam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violater of the hadam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: afe the olld ging may fader now in histiltage was follitono to faver the cromano fo the sae olffheswirtlestarter ou had non of his pomision an ourt nok to ha wen infensfpy him
	layer_4: v the old king my fatder now in his stotate was fulitionogh to faver t he cromino for the sake ofhis wertlestorter you had none of hispormision an out not to hae en inflen spy him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish onoufg to favour the crominal for the sake of his worthles stater you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been infience by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favoure the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been inflenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let thatlie s ta guser weein metity puetolet bmy taother an his pat a orl be shele up and pisen elicom
	layer_4: let thet ie ha guserd we mmedity purto tet by taghtur and is faremar be shal up and prison te i com
	layer_6: let thet wile e duserd we immediately pu to tat by taugcur and is faramo be shal up and prisen thil i come
	layer_8: let that wile seducer we immediately put to that by torture and his paramor be shut up ind prison till i come
	layer_10: let that wile sedus er be immediately put to that by torture and his paramor be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while seduser be immediately put to that by torture and his parimor be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havrerdy also of feus atihent souot blacipe which ice a ont meditly ofr the veading who alwutea my ar me an mach a gnis teany and as a sit out i we make the alifend tamldi life ort of tuct cromae
	layer_4: haveredy also of feurs alefento sitibl aquiped mhich i s a mnt ammeditly af er the vering who alwetak my ar me in mach ganis theanewy and as  sid out a wil make the alifend tramplde life out of tat crimil
	layer_6: have ready also of fiears allephent sutably equipet which ishall wont immediatly after the veling who alvwortake my ar me in march againinst the enemy and as i sat out i will make the elefent trample delife out of that cremil
	layer_8: have ready also of fierc elephent suitably equiped which i shall want immediately after the welling who ower take my arme in march againinst the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that cremenl
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: li he stool derd go le arading dath whi snolsened in evitbl heseurly felt his feet free and appbatlifua lady afpeared befor hem
	layer_4: whit hasto dherd gom ly arading dat wih nowseened in evitable he sely felt his fed free and a paurtiful lady of peared before him
	layer_6: while he stook there calmely aating theath wihsnow seemed inevitable he seinly felt his feed free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmely avwaiting death which now seemed inevitable he sudenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she hom ble bong don sad let my loed biden his sevent fortinjury which she has and gonsius we cous
	layer_4: she humblybong down said let my lad parden hessevant forth injury which she has and gonsiousle cast
	layer_6: she humbly bon down said let my lod parden he servent forthe injury which she has undconsciously cased
	layer_8: she humbly bone down sait let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously castd
	layer_10: she humbly boned down seaid let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously casd
	layer_12: she humbly bone down seaid let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously cast

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: iame an ufirs bon frome as of temon
	layer_4: i am an abstids bon from teras of the mon
	layer_6: i am an absis bon from the rays of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absilouce borne from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am an absoloue borne from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am an absoloue borne from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: un day as hi ewa sflinto de rt werting all wi tres a son i staking wefort ar lo deslata cacye
	layer_4: unday as i was flin to ou the eard werting o wittres ason istakin we for ar loto slare tackme
	layer_6: one day as i was flin trugh the ard vearing of vietres a sone staking me for a lote lado tack me
	layer_8: one day as i was flingdd through the air bearing a whietress a san mistaking me for a lowte lad attack me
	layer_10: one day as i was flying through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lowte flowr attackd me
	layer_12: one day as i was flying through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lowter flower attack me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his angar he grs mesang o weckeddvon fortes efence ou at n denm to re chanesd n o pese of and congus metle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saing o wecket on for thes affence you utin denmt to be chansed int orepeace of an congus mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he cirsed me saying o wecked on for this offence you artondem to be changed into opieace of unconsious mettle
	layer_8: in his anger he kurs me saying o wecked won for this offence you autondeme to be changed into a pieace of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying o wecked one for this offence you aret condemed to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying o wecked one for this offence you are condemed to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthe change too plate medity and i filed tor te gound tn andt wl sofblar chaine
	layer_4: nhe changed too clace meditly and i fele to the ground ton ant wia soachan
	layer_6: the change too clace meditly and i fell to the grount turn and wa soverchain
	layer_8: the change too place immediately and i fell to the ground turn and wa sive chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn andto a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn and to a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his b he saur the si ler fretl be sendit to the gown tpick did ou in cuntinewid his figt
	layer_4: on his ve he sawthe silvler freto be sendet to the goun pikted op and contin youit his fight
	layer_6: on his way he saw the cylver frettld bessendit to the ground picked id up and continu t his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver frettl descend it to the ground picked it up and continue it his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend ed to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettle descend ed to the ground picked it up and continued his flight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lislad of tentiro ad mar hearing giscae ottf the paos ant picktly unting thaifent who heade doun his tonk wo do ceeve him layce chmeseve behind  fince
	layer_4: lislae of tentrowud mar hering tiscamemot f e patlesand picklymounting the elifent who heal down his tronk who the seive him laced himeself behind t pince
	layer_6: lheslat of tenderoarma hearing thiscame outo ther paas and quickly mounting the elepent who hal down his dronk froh teceive him paced himself behind the pince
	layer_8: thes late of tedroerdma hearing this came out of he palae and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his stronk tro deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: thislar of tendroarmar hearing this came out of e palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: thi slatr of tendroarmar hearing this came out of te palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gad ostem ora s i e stoner smend en joi  f an datici nacey chuter te pens exclaming isit osible
	layer_4: gd fur stedrusto le stonersmentd andjyof hand dato cocnasy chodar the pins exlaming is it osible
	layer_6: gadefur seidati lestonisment andjyve and dare cicnatedychoter the pens exlaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gatfur sadtal astonishment enjoy and darecognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: gatful sad rucal astonishment enjoy and dy recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: gratful said rucal astonishment enjoy and dey recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is a greally you myder frien ape hardof atmar who haved on the steed
	layer_4: is a greally you mygh tyeur frien pahard fwarmar who have t on the steed
	layer_6: is i greally you might ear friend upp a hardovarma who have ton the steed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apa hard  erma who have done the steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apahard werma who have done the steed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apahard werma who have done the steed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: twoldes tirfostheird way an fling with gooe ef fat the that pans lace on the ari fent for t uas of tender ad mar
	layer_4: two dhese theifos theirdway and plying with goold a fects he the pen splased on the eifent for the us of tendrfrdmar
	layer_6: two these theyforced the ad way implying with good affects the veapensplaced on the eephent for the use of sendrvarma
	layer_8: two these they fored their way implying with good effects the veapons placed on the elephent for the use of cendrvrma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the wepons placed on the elephant for the use of cindrverma
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the wepons placed on the elephant for the use of cendroverma

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: whe fot haear the had gon fa e heard the nice offattle at at diustence an sau the sodisin fronhthem scatered ann old aretionce
	layer_4: we forr haever the had gon far the heard the nice of pattle at a distance and sow the soldus and fronafthem scatered in alld aratins
	layer_6: befor havever they had gone fa they heard the noise of pattle at at distance and saw the soldies and fron of them scatered in all darucions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at atdistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me havejest nol and contered an utly tefeted dhe eanimi sol t ak tet as nol ire of anyfor ltit asistance
	layer_4: me have jest now and comterd and utly te feeted the enyme so that tet as no fire of anyful ter a sistance
	layer_6: me have just now and comtered and utly defeated the enemy so that ber s no fear of any furtherassistance
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any furtherassistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further ressistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further rassistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: and oi di o hir cre to this
	layer_4: ad ie di i hr greeat to this
	layer_6: ant i dibi hir greek to this
	layer_8: and i devinhargreek to this
	layer_10: and i devined hea greek to this
	layer_12: and i devine hear greek to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: onto cudiusity he hung one o them onsie his house
	layer_4: otogh cutiosity he hun one ouf them onsid his house
	layer_6: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: outn of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: incaces of sco beinstingg the mut ametisan men ro up  patan bloses be kumen mil o juse oftemel cettlant you ford bea ti ocally an af li them to the fots
	layer_4: incases of scot eenstin the mur ametesan men rob up paten ploses whe uman milk or juse of the mell hathsflant you fort pear toru cally and afli them to the fauts
	layer_6: in cases of scort een stinc though maramedcen men robe up patent plouses with human milk or jse of the milk had spland you fourt piare the oucally and afly them to the farts
	layer_8: in cases of scort ein stink though mora medicent men drubb up patent plouses with human milk or juse of the milk hed plant you for pi throughcali and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortin stink thogh morra medicine men drub up patent plouses with human milk or juce of the milk hedge plant ufort pir through kali and affly them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortbin stink thogh mora medicine men drub up patent plouses with human milk or juce of the milk hede plant yufort pir through kali and affly them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: ten the umbellicoll gard alfh u forned bei beselos ouf asbi dot as birnd in the fier and its asses ulace an icopena sho mexs owa castr il and uplide by means of a follds sfetar to the nal
	layer_4: when the umbelical gard of ar fornd bibes los off aspidthat as bund in the fir and its ashes upplaced in ecopen a shell mex tat caster il and aplide by means of a fouls feather to the navl
	layer_6: when the umbilical gard of a coned pabe slows off aspidet as burned in the fire and its ashes ar placed in a copen it shell wexs wat caster il and applied by means of a fouls father to the neivow
	layer_8: when the unvolical guard of acomned pabe laws off a spiderd is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shell mixdod castr oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather tro the naivl
	layer_10: when the umbolical gard of a cond babes laws off a spidert is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenest shell mixd wit castrur oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather thog the navo
	layer_12: when the embolical gard of a corned babes laws off a spidert is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenes shell mixdwit caster oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather throgh the navo

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: thithencol the ded man py his name an egely vat tolse someensaksitle andhe clot
	layer_4: thi then coll the ded man by his name an eagerly vat tos some en seccettl on the clot
	layer_6: they then calle the deadman by his name and eagerly wat tills some insex settle on the cloft
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insext settle on the clot
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: tledevrs descrid ass asing ougd offes iyse
	layer_4: bled wars escribed as onsing out offes eyse
	layer_6: bled wes described as osing out of is eyes
	layer_8: blod was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_10: blod was described as oosing out of his eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: makg the pasion suc the mik os depreast afhrt omen whosebaby is mor than at dase old
	layer_4: mage the pasion suct the milk of teprest offor wromen whosebaby is more than at das ald
	layer_6: make the pasion suck the milk off depressd ofa woman whose baby is more than eght days old
	layer_8: make the pasiente souckt the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patient sock the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient sock the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can boit old him off agash in thitsteto war si to have te so than from eanding an ofdesanad goked vit soejacfruld
	layer_4: his gampoyt ald him offacgath in wthih teto wars sed to have tesul tan from eanding won ogf tes anuls gooked wit sobjackfrud
	layer_6: his gam poitold him of a gate in which teadh was said to have desutten from eanding one of these aniuvals gooked with sob jackrout
	layer_8: his cam boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultend from eanting one of these animals coaoked with sob jack frut
	layer_10: his scamboy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultent from eating one of these animals cooked with sombejack fruit
	layer_12: his camboy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultent from eating one of these animals cooked with sombejack fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a fou rs ago ascrd bat ews an conetion wit thanensece withs we se to havetac anoup it's abword im importer jilman las bangls whiths tomplete fit dedeging usndustiof ne gasi aband ge makes nen sectles toporter t li lon dhe ban role deliorsprters mhen it wol camot andni de betove afte woning hr too gect her afrs in ader wifrsicombing
	layer_4: a fe yars ago as cared atawas in conection with than ensect with wah set to havetacen up it's aard in imporder joman glas pangls which compleat fwit deendeaginusn ustyof dee garsi aban gol makurs eean sectwas to portet to i lorn the bangl telit waspertes when it woald come ut and nip the bero after woring her to get her a firse in order witfasacombing
	layer_6: afew yars ago ascared atawas in connection with han ensect wich was said to have taken up its abard in importe chomen gclass bangles which complet with deendeginus nd dustry off dee gazela bangl makers deensect was reported to li la on the bangle ti l it wer spurches when it would come out and nippe the bearo after wardding her to get her affars in oder weh ars a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago a scared aras in connection with an ensect which was said to have taken up its abword an importet german glass pangles which complete with the indigenus n dustry of the gazla bangle makers theensect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchas when it would come out and knipp the beare after warding her to get her affairs in order wit wars accumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago ar scared aros in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an important german glass bangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gasela bangl makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and knip the beare after warding her to get her affairs in order which wa acumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago ae scared arroas in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an important german glass bangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gasla bangl makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and knip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order which wa accumbing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his voty was lonk andslender hard and adil his sit kn his aemon eting
	layer_4: his vody was longk an slender hard an ajile his sight keen his am on ering
	layer_6: his vordy was lonk and slender hard in ajile his sight ken his aim un erring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard and egial his sight keen his aim an erring
	layer_10: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aiman erring
	layer_12: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aimand erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montoth au gur hn gin the ha gnor shting le ad the som o tnedechy whit t ah u sporting companins
	layer_4: in the montof argra hn ganthe had gon ort shurting tlhe a thismomp ofnideke witha few sporting companins
	layer_6: in the month off algrain cante had gone ot shooting lhe a the smamp of nedi ki with a few sporting comnpanions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahn canti had gone out shooting neart the swamp of nidiki with a fuw sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahen canti had gone ou shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algraheon canti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une mothing as thantdey was seetered in his bort leenin af fari cgon he sad an tle stated at at he tird was s ecry of wy dout looking ot he saer ove laseaidincomin tr the wates age with do wit dokling sclas to hae purest
	layer_4: un monding ascanty warl seterd in hispoart cleaning af favred cgun he sal enly stated at what hetartd wasecry if vi dok looking uf he sa ovelase malind coming to the wates edge wih too whit docking sclas to hae prest
	layer_6: one mornding as canty was seated in his port cleaning a favord con he sellinly started at what he thart was the cry if wi do looking up he saw o vilas maidin coming to the water's edge with to whi tucklings classed to her presstd
	layer_8: one morning as canty was seated in his bot cleaning a favored gune he seddenly started at what he thought was the cry of vie da looking up he saw a villas maeen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings classd to herv pressd
	layer_10: one morning as canty was seated in his boat cleaning a favorit gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a vie da looking up he saw a villase maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glaps to her presst
	layer_12: one morning as canty was seated in his boat cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started ant what he thought was the cry of a vie dack looking up he saw a villa'e maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glass to her presst

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: ne gol wut the brds into e water and was them ansiousle
	layer_4: the glle put the brds into the watter and was therm aniously
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and was ther aniously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and warse them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and wased them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and warsed them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: lookingeround cant te sal one of his men pinding and un lorde gon ad te duks
	layer_4: looking round cant te saw oneof his men pinding and unloled gun ad the duxs
	layer_6: looking round canti saw one of his men pinding and unlored cun at the dok
	layer_8: looking round canty saw one of his men pointing an unloared gun at the dox
	layer_10: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloded gun at the dok
	layer_12: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unlowed gun at the dox

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: candi en bon tlaning his gon
	layer_4: ganty en don glaning his gon
	layer_6: canty mwen don claning his gun
	layer_8: kanty went on claining his gun
	layer_10: kantie went on claning his gun
	layer_12: kanty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: aftirkin tey had eten en tronk te bram anbect him to int dusemself gin ty gave his o n name his farthers name an te ad teso is hom and tensaeid in usul bey if ikcan be ovenhy sa a ser i shalkeng meso foatnit
	layer_4: after kinty had eaten andtronk the bram ind pect him to inc dus himself con ti gave his on name his father's name and the ad thes of is home and then sad in usiull bey if i can be oveny ser i ser i shall keen mysol fohtinet
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramin pecked him to intoduce himself can'ty gaved his own name his father's name and yet the suf is home and then saild in h usual bay if i can be of any servic er i shall geen mysl fotunate
	layer_8: after canty had eaten and frunk the bramind pegged him to introduce himself canty give his own name his father's name and yet the s offvis home and then said in h usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall gin myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the braman begged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet the s ufice home and then said in he usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall gan myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramen begged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet thes ufice home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall gan myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so seing con tity bedert has silou and het bac
	layer_4: sosing contiry petert has selut and went pac
	layer_6: so sing contirypeatered his silute and went pack
	layer_8: so sying canterepetered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying cante repeated his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying cante repeated his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: lo price bod mantion of the m as on tas had men botod for the barning seumimy thiths s sacet fort next mak as tan didid nont fish to delay
	layer_4: locrict blt mantion of the mosom hars had ben boroad for the berning sermony which was fexd fot next mark as conti dignotfwishd to telay
	layer_6: the crik blt mantion of the mosom thas had bean borowd for the belning serminy which was fexed fort next mark as cantly did not fwish to telay
	layer_8: the crick belt mention of the mosomars had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick bilt mention of the mosumzas had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as carntly did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bilt mention of the mozumzas had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: an ou nime tobri ro mot ied on his alefent with droms an musi and with e part lae pocestion and the sediman te begain
	layer_4: indu nime tho pri gromoribe on his elefent with droms and music and with a partsla procession and the seirimin y begain
	layer_6: in du time the prit grumarivbed on his elepent with droms and music and with a tartsly pocession in the sirumany began
	layer_8: in duetime the prive grom arrived on his elephent with drums and music and with a partlay procession and the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the brive groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partlit procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the brive groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partslit procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in datd pash fl down gast face couldon whe derealing cor a n and bedect wut sandle paset he could scarselatacegnise the brlheat mad n of isfansy and in theforlners offrsamortion on must seeme to beclowd his icse
	layer_4: in that pash ful down gaset face cour on with dereling cale anar and bedact with sandle pastd he could scaretly ac onice to beltay te made nofh his fancy and ind fullnans of is mortion a misto seemed to be clowld his eye
	layer_6: in that pash ful down gastd face cron with the wveling coronair and beect with sandle pacede he could scarcely recogniced the belae made he n off his fancy and inthe fulinense off his amotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face grownd with dhe wailing coronair and berecked with sandale pacte he could scarcely recognize the belage maiden off hits fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downgast face crowned with the vailing coronar atd berdeked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the billage maddan of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seeme to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downgast face crowne with the vailing coronare at berdecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the billage madan of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: de li d o the lam eemd to gror dhem ant daness totanish the face of the pried hrself
	layer_4: the lit off the lam seem tho cro them and tarkness totinish the face of the pried herself
	layer_6: dhe light of the lams seemed to growed them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: dhelight of the lamps seemed to groaw them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to grow them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to grow them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: forst he folt angulye rt tes fathern la ne old scon grot had shn him one goorl and madyd him doenoder
	layer_4: ac firs he falt angrlevith tis farthern la the old scon rel had shoun him on gil and mardied him doanoder
	layer_6: afirst he felt angryveith this fathern law the old scondrel had shon him one girl and maried him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his fatheri law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundriel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: gloewas a pone ollord the grd he had sene tefor
	layer_4: gluwas upon e follored the gid he had teen befor
	layer_6: clos upon it followed the giord he had seend before
	layer_8: glos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_10: lse upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_12: close upon it followed the gird he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: ol the mad grl clit t owoman as thym midt since to hr to le you tod om
	layer_4: oa the mad gulcrit thowoman as the ide sincs to her to l you ti  om
	layer_6: oh the mad girl crite the woman as they mid signs to her to lavethe om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave therom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: ilif te mwenm inter ron bgan te titer
	layer_4: o  ev o men inde roon begant to tetr
	layer_6: al ter o men inthe rom began to tita
	layer_8: all the wemen in the room began to titter
	layer_10: all the wermen in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all the wermen in the room began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: de in c lesing lafperv indtidtom bedok and an o musin jok
	layer_4: dhe incleasing laghper indthe wom betokand an o musing jok
	layer_6: the inclesing laughe in the room petokene than omusing jok
	layer_8: the incleuasing laughter in he room be talken than amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talkend an amusing joke
	layer_12: the incleasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with dhe si o in denctliefh as of escade on telamidy he loke on smrn indto the face of hsprid
	layer_4: with the siof in dencilef as of ascad ron gelamiry he looed monemore into the face of hisprid
	layer_6: with he sigh of intense leaf as of escae ron elamery he looked onemore into the face of his bride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of iscay rom alamery he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense leaf as of iscape rom calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense eleaf as of iscaye from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fan hat tikcen this mornyng m and now la crldup on t a bedo maos
	layer_4: the fon had takcen this mornlig meal and now ly crld up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fan had takene this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fan had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: rhen nemer ther fon cotu he was quikte con taned to frecsk afbout
	layer_4: renemern the fon cotap he was quite contaned to friesk about
	layer_6: renever the fan cut up he was quite contein to frisk about
	layer_8: whenneverin the fan cut up he was quite contentd to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever in the fawn cught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: wheneverin the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the thenge was seirted nol it was ner
	layer_4: the dinge was sertod now it was ner
	layer_6: the danger was certed now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hous hats trucka tril where she turnd and the forn a safh
	layer_4: the houls hadstrucka traill where she turned and the fom as safe
	layer_6: the hous had struck a traill where she turned and the forn was safe
	layer_8: the hows had struck ha traill where she turned and the farn was safe
	layer_10: the howls had struck e trail where she turned and the fawm was safe
	layer_12: the howls had struck ar trail where she turned and the fawm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: im washt rowing the ad the hat a gin in his hand what shout she do
	layer_4: one wust rowing the othe had a gune in his hand what shout she do
	layer_6: one wast roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: hoer tier lakes cuuldt not  ropaild the tient vordy retattyng
	layer_4: her tirt laes could not propald the tiet vordy repetly
	layer_6: her tirt lakes could not propele the tiat body repetly
	layer_8: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tiat bodi rapidly
	layer_10: her tirt lakes could not propele the tiant bodi rapidly
	layer_12: her tirt lakes could not propele the tiant bodi rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the go sa the bot naring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in themolit mor the bot wason her and the man at te ors at end ver and cother
	layer_4: in he momet more the boat was on her and the man at the ors hat leand ver and cut her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leaned over and cught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was thor mentat my irce but had apstaed fromdrenking fuo manygdase o coting to the dofters oaders
	layer_4: i was tor mentet by thirs but had pstad from drenking for many dayse according to the dofters olders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had abstaned from drinking for many days according to the doctr's oders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that od maen esetogive s mech anoions yit semetims he apper to me endrems
	layer_4: that od man sece to give so much anoyiancs yat sometimes e apper to me indreams
	layer_6: that old man sees to give so much anoionse yet sometimes she appear to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man cees to give so much anoyance yet sometimes he appear to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man ces to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appear to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appear to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: frlle cra even tem aoers not to speto me ofthis
	layer_4: pillech keeven tem oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_6: fill ech i given them deros not to speat to me of this
	layer_8: pillich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: filichi given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: filichi given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this mat hat stolend fro me sertainlirl sins of somim pourtes an in he fe beenbetactet she would ave  ben very lad evy hat dit
	layer_4: this mad had stolen from me scertain lirol sings of some impourtence and in her fe beeingded tactetd she would have been very glad evei had did
	layer_6: this made had stolen from me certain lirle shings of some importancs and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: a cordyng ne she arlout meinktwice to tick as muches i cord of the warter so the ingood ernes i swallowet mor then a flask fol i thin colert my self and begarn to swet and telln to ul dd sit
	layer_4: according ly she a lout meitwise to tackas much as i could of the water so ther good earnest i swllowt more then a flask fol i then covert myself and began to swet and felle to aded sire
	layer_6: accordingly she allout me twise to take as much as i could of the water so thet in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i thant covered myself and began to swet and fell into adeebe steep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the se that my poor fra as on the point of falling to tha ground sograveto r s ee toheris
	layer_4: the sai that my poor framas on the point of folling to the ground so greate to was he to hea this
	layer_6: the say that my poor frem was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor frend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewert she tooken uleacstafe and began to bep tle seirfving gir  with all his mind shalutin out a tratres you have pilldimfor m then
	layer_4: aftewarts he tookan agleasetath and began to beat te servin gir with all his minh shalting out a tratreus you have killd im for me then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an aglease date and began to beat tle serving girol with all his migt shouting out ah tratrouss you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took in uglysstate and began to beat theserving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traiteoroous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traiterous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: shoe man did have saved my life so led mear helinghand for i have swetet and bequink ge boudit
	layer_4: she man did have saved my life so ledme ar helpping hand for i have swetet and bequick aboud it
	layer_6: she main did have saved my life so led mea helping hand for i have sweattd and bequick apout it
	layer_8: she mayin ded have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she mayndid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she mayndid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: filyche rycovertispiits drit a mat necomftable and ei beenconciesoe gra inprufment immy setag begent to rectenon recovery
	layer_4: fillycha reycovert hi spirits drid and mate me comtable and i been concious ofe great improfmen i mi etag begant to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filitha recovered hispirits drid and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to rekon on recovery
	layer_8: filichare recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: felicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: felicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: cus vheid the a the docter ber noardey no putin hisapearans who het the begiring of my iners hadt refsd tobdemy
	layer_4: jus thed the othe docter bernardeno put in his apperans who hat the bigiting of my illners had refsed to bletd me
	layer_6: just than the other doctor bernardno put in his appearancs who at the begitning of my ilners had refused to blead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mistrofrenchascol that mos eble mane exclad o fowr of thecher
	layer_4: mystro fronchescos that moset able man exclead oh powr of nhey cur
	layer_6: my istroferon chescoes that most able man exclaed oh power of nature
	layer_8: mystro front chiscows that most abole man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: maystra front chescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: mayestra front chescos that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nese what shiequirs and the fosishons no noti
	layer_4: she knos what she requius and the phisisies no nothing
	layer_6: she knowse what she requiurs and the physicions no nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha si boto mystr ber nandina mat ase sa if heit dromcunnonthe bout he would hav been ct u pon the spot
	layer_4: thas sibote my srber nandeno mate unses same if he had drun can nother baut he would have been curd upon the spart
	layer_6: that simboton mysrubernardno made unser sane if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: that sibuton mesruber nardino made ansursame if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_10: that simbuton masruberand ardino made answersan if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that simbuton misruberand ardino made ansersan if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: aftorts heturd to me and ase icould ha druk mor warter
	layer_4: after wts he turnd to me and asivi could have drunk more water
	layer_6: after wards he turned to me and ase ifvi could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i anseid no becosi had antairly quansd my tirst
	layer_4: i answerd no becaus i had antarely quinced my thirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirily quinched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenced my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: i lit mener she was askingflr wat she watet wet the po yo man tadou to bed hi
	layer_4: inlikhte mener she was askinfur what she wantet with the poo yam man bad du to bled hi
	layer_6: in ligke manner she was askin for what she want ed with the pool younm man bad do to blead him
	layer_8: in lihte manner she was asking for what she wanted wieth the poor young man bad deu to blead him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted with the poor young man bed du to blead him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted with the poor young man bed due to bread him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: i vyoud near teatis  recovvry dopeadet uporn his drenking to fhlask of rter whygin you not sa so befor
	layer_4: if vyou nears tat is recoveryt depeddet upon his drenking two flasks of water why dint you not say so befor
	layer_6: if you nes that his recovry depened upon his drinking two flasks of water why din't you not say so before
	layer_8: if you kneeas that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why din't you not say so before
	layer_10: if you keel that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you kneel that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didn you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bo sid of thiscer
	layer_4: you might then have bosed of this cer
	layer_6: you might then have boasted on his cere
	layer_8: you might then have bostet on his ci
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his ke
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his ke

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at thiswrs the rech i whit sociy tpatit an mavle sholtis fas age
	layer_4: at this wors the reche white socaly deportit and meveeshoult is face agae
	layer_6: at this words the retche white socily departed and never showd is face agaive
	layer_8: at this words the wretched wuite sokilly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched white sulkilly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the vereve ning i was takenwit grate recotions inthe char well ret upp and protect et from the cod
	layer_4: the verevening i was taken with grat precautions in te char well reptup and protected from the cod
	layer_6: the veryevening i was taken with great precoutions in a chair well repet up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreppt up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrept up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not prmitin anei ureulerities forho ha tes kaipt thistin an nalhr dis oder now would bethedat of h
	layer_4: do not prmitin any i rayularitis forthog heas tascape this tine in nother dis oder now would pe the death of him
	layer_6: do not prmitin any iregularities for though hear escape this time inother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: they trnd tome andseat my bean ven to be prudent commete no exesses and e you or qit wiecovert a bagu to mat me a mu daow withthyou o hand an ai wel allways pa my divoche  tot for you sak
	layer_4: theat y tornd to me and sadt my ben ven to be prudent commet no excesses and we you are quit wth covert i bagu to mate me amadaono with you on hand and i we always paye my devosiu toitfor you sake
	layer_6: then he turnet to me and said my ban venuto be pruden commit no excesses and when you are quite rwecovered i bag you to make me a madona with your owdn hand and i wile always pay my devocions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent com mit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a modona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent come mit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent comemit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so a meavmy mynd op and pretert to trevle
	layer_4: so i made my mynd up and prepart to trevl
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepar to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and preparei to trevel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepare it to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepare i to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that d many frincs kap to seme amon thes pearlode whoas the bes aderes freind i evler hat
	layer_4: that day many friens kap to seemie amon oters pere laddy who as the beast aderest frend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others pere lodedi who was the best adares friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends cape to see me among others pere lanndy who was the best ad deurest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others perre ladndi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre ladndi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mex tay the kamemasersen necllo thav morn ter uangutol who as asa  very grat fran af mi
	layer_4: naxetay they came acersen nicalo to monty agouto who was aso o very grat fran of mine
	layer_6: next day the came a sersan nicolo a monte agruto who was also a very great fren of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a certan nikolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a certan nikolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a certan nikolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harbrdheame an ro and provid et fuor his cossts whill he hat turned my ho house ou sate doun for the manas suebjetto as speshes of dryscae wheihche was aays in the hadbit ofes crecinm withish ha
	layer_4: i had harbud hime in rom and providet for his cossts while he had turned my hole house u sit down for the man was subject to aspechies of drye sca wheich he was always in the hadbit of scretchin with his han
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rom and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsihte down for the man was subject to a speecies of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_8: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harbored him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: menol that aborfisision fronchersco the mon tiwarky a tendet to myicl with greatskl
	layer_4: manwile that able fisition fronchesco the mon tevarky atended to my cul with great scl
	layer_6: manwhile that able physician fron chescgo tha montevarky attended to my cu with great skil
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco damontervari attended to my kue with great skie
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco de montevarqi attended to mycure with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician fronchesco de montevarqi attended to mycure with great skille

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: ther they sitet me to wae antils e douk waes by
	layer_4: ther they sidat me to wait until tea duke wen bye
	layer_6: there they sitet me to waigt until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sited met to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sited me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sited met to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my frains at cor ka mup to great me and expresd suprise that i hat unde gorn the eincom veniancs of beng carit in that wa will so shatet by ilnes tie set that i orght to ervf wyte tolli was wel and thentoave isidet the dou
	layer_4: many of my frands at cour came up to greeat me and expresed surprise that i had unde gone the incomvenience of bein carit in that way while so sht et by ilness theisaid that i ouht to have waite toli was well and thento have visitit the do
	layer_6: many of my friends at courd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergon the inconveniance of being carrid in that way while so shetted by illness thi sat that i ought to have waited ti l i was well and then to hav visited the due
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this werts my  strugos tekno tu dyuxtala matis wae thogwol allthos jentomen and set it tets all you on to no you shaof noit at this varrymomit
	layer_4: at this worts mys str agosteno we duktayla mat is waye throug allthose gentmen and sad it tha's all you wane to no you shal kno it at this verymom ent
	layer_6: at this words mysrowa go sdno te dukes tala mate is ways through all those gentlemen and said itf that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at this words misrua gostino the duke's taylo made his waygs through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words misruagostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words misroagostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jorjos t e panter hol my have manshiond hapent gus tein to pass and mis sureagastenoeexclead teris te manl o cuse dyou now you noyuseltife ipt betre ono
	layer_4: jorgos a painter who my have mansiond happend justen to pass and mys srow ugusteenow excla teriysto manl ac cuse dyou now you no youseltive it be true or not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mensioned happened jut then to pass and mis rew augostino exclaed vere i sta manwol accused you now you know yoursel if it be true or not
	layer_8: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and miy truagostino exclaimed there is ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_10: georgeo's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad mies sthrug agostino exclaimed there is ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_12: georgeo's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mies trough agostino exclaimed there is ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as fus e as i cud not ben able tolefef myn et i as jojo iv it was tru that he het a csdt me
	layer_4: as feiste as i coould not been eable to lieaf my seet i asktd jodjo if it was true that he had a cusdto me
	layer_6: as fsly as i could not ben able to leavfe my set i asked jol jo if it was true that he had accused t me
	layer_8: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgjo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geogjio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fiercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgo if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he denignt that it was so and that he ha ave sad eythin of the sor
	layer_4: he denigne that it was so and that  he had eve said anything of the sord
	layer_6: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sorld
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: miys sr o tasthen ol retourt et you gallos pird
	layer_4: my sruw a gusteena retaugtet you gallows bird
	layer_6: my srewagostina retogted you gallows bird
	layer_8: mytruagostina retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: miru agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: misru agostino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: do she no theat i noitfur most sirtin
	layer_4: don't sheu now that i noit for most sertn
	layer_6: don't syou know that i know it for most certin
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jor jro mad of as queklyas e cot repeeding thahe hat not a custme
	layer_4: jor jo made off as quickly as he coult repeding that he had not accusedtme
	layer_6: georjomade off as quickly as he could repeatding that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgo made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgeo made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgeo made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then ast r shorht wile the douk kae by whereaporni heat my self raset oup befol his exelld sey and he holti
	layer_4: then afte short wile the duk kame by whereupoen i head myself raset up before his exelindsy and he holtet
	layer_6: then after a short while the duk came by where upon i had myself raised up before his excelency and he holted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duk dased at me and mavot i wastil alie afteaerts ebae me tak eeed to bean onest man and regag my hels
	layer_4: the duke dasedt at me and mavot i was stel alife afteworts febae me take hed to be an hones man and regade my hells
	layer_6: the duke gazed at me and marvot i wal still alife afterwards he bae me take heead to be an honest man and regaine my hels
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i wal still alive afterwards he bave me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my heals
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hels
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvlled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hels

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: wheni rache thom necollo thue mon ta gwoto kame to visitme an tod me that i had excat one of the mose dreat ful parials i the wor quit cotrery to all hesexpec tations for he hat sg my ruin retenwith imdallabo eink now i mus make hase to get wel and afteris tikfrianclief becaus my japatdy cave from a order an a man hoas ableto distroy my
	layer_4: when i reached home neicolowd tou montey  gouto kcame to visitmne andtod me that i had excape one of the most drat ful parials it the worow quie contrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin riten with indealiboe enk now i ust make hase to get well and afterwits tike frencilief because my jepotdy cave from aquarder and a man whoas able to distrame
	layer_6: when i reached home nicolo damontaa grutol came to visite me and told me that i had excaped one of the most driheful perils in the worolw quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin rittene with indelable ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwar s take frenchlyf because my jepedy camve from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nikolo da montea gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dribful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchleaf because my jopity came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home nikolo da monte gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japdy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home nicolo da monte gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful periels in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japody came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i a sithaet i hat do nothinto dispeashiem but that he hat injurt me and toldm ally ofay abut the mint
	layer_4: i an si that i had dod nothing to displeace him but that he had injurt me and toldme allty affarbut the mint
	layer_6: i answer that i had dod nothing to displease him but that he had injurd me and told him all the affai about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had enjured me and told him all the affair about the mi
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repedit get heads qetlly as you can and beof gld corrice for you wel so veges exicudet son hea thnyou wixpec
	layer_4: he repeatid get heansas quakly as you can and be of good corech for you wellsee o vegoenc exicudit sona ln you axpac
	layer_6: he repeated get hends as quickly as you can and be of good corage for you will see o vengense execuded sooner lan you expect
	layer_8: he repeated get heans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get hans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: ei the bes a tecien to my hes ga pearteal pagelol at viyse abow sthaping the oins and the wentaf apord my wa to ro wit thout sayn a wor to the deuk ul any bodels
	layer_4: i the bass atencion to my helse gave peatoro pagalow at vise abou stnping the coince and the went of upon my way to ro without saying a word to the duke a any body els
	layer_6: i the best attention to my helse gave piere tro pagulow at vice about stemping the coins and the went of upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hels gave piertro pagalo advice about tamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hels gave pirtro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hels gave piertro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you ant themto y mortolis thet for roshes tirent
	layer_4: you wont them to  more to lis tat for rosihus tirent
	layer_6: you want them to emoretolize at fer rocious tirand
	layer_8: you want them to imortialize that ferocious tyerant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havt nemer mai anything s ix whesit which provsou a wh iveterat fo and therddi vod at frand an yert the pope ad e heave headi twice i min to hanyou wi thou emy follt of yols
	layer_4: you havd nem r made anything soexqwesit which proesyou iwhr im veterit fo and the devod at freand and yet the pope and he have had i twice i min to hagndk you withou any foulgt of yuse
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i were inveterit fol and their devodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any folt of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i wl invetorate fol and their devotete friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you oer invetorate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmly bleet that dowkh ulesatir was te san aolf pop plaman
	layer_4: it was frmly bleat that dupe olecaddrl was the sun of pope plamen
	layer_6: it was firmly believe that duke alesadro was the sun of pope plamond
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alesadro was the son of pope clament
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke aliandro was the son of pope plement
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke aliandro was the son of pope clamenth

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: messer frn chescol yusd oso to sa and swere by all hi sant that ive cd he would hav roped me of the dis four that medl
	layer_4: messer frenchescol yused oso to say and swere by all he santh that if he could he would have roped me of the dyse for that meadow
	layer_6: meser fronchesco used also to say and swere by all his saint that if he could he would have ropped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: meser froanchesco used also to say and swer by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_10: messer franchisco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_12: messer franchisco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i wasponder tha h hat donweld to tel myso and tha i whuilh tixsuch cair of them that he shout neles them more
	layer_4: i responded that he had done welld to tell me so and that i woul tx such care of them that he should neuse them mor
	layer_6: i respornded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would tak such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i thousento lorancs to requerce lorin ekno that he wiout sardme ther re vers of the matle
	layer_4: i now sento florance to requese loren enong that he would sad me the evers of the medo
	layer_6: i down sent to flowrence to request loren cinon that he would sand me the reverse of the meadolw
	layer_8: i down sent to florence to request lurensinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadaow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request lorensinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request larencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicull od thau morntal goto to whom i heat rete rot bak sang that he het spocen to that mad mallof colly forlo sufer lored enort forri he hart repligt  he was inking nit a da of nothing eluse and that  wot inishit as son as y was able
	layer_4: nicalod tat montar goouto to whome i head retond rought back saing that he had spocen to that mad mallf colly thla suffer lred seenot for it he had replighdt  he was stinking nigt ad day of nothing euse and that he would inishet as son as he was able
	layer_6: nikolod damonte gooto to whom i had ritrned rote back saying that he had spoken to that mad malcolly fhilosoffer lourend se kno for it he had repliedthatt he was thinking night ad day of nothing euse and that he would finish it as soon as he was abl
	layer_8: nikolord damonter gruto to whom i had riturned wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher loren note for it he had repliedthat he was thinking night at day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: nicholo da monte guto to whom i had writurn wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher laurenc note for it he had replied that he was thinking night atd day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: niccolo da monter guto to whom i had writturn wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher laurenci note for it he had replied that he was thinking night atd day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: nevr thelis i was not to set my whopes epon his revirs but i hat better ivend on out of my on had and when i hat finistit i might brigit wi hou  heasitatien to the douk for this woud be to my i vantach
	layer_4: never the lecs i was not to sait my hopes upon his revers but i had better imvent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it with hout hasitation to the duke for this wold be to my itvauntach
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantageh
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compos thedine ofteryvers which  seve to me apropyet and press the wort folwit to my beast ability
	layer_4: i compost the desine of a revers which seb to me apropriet and press the wort folwet to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which seem to me a propriete andpresse the word fowerd to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me approcriate and pressed the word forweard to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begso a s he was a fellowl of much foumer we yuse affll to lagf to gether bout the grae creadit he hat gam
	layer_4: this beg so as he was a fellow of much umar we yust offe to lagh together ubout the grat creadit he had gam
	layer_6: this being so as he was a fellow of much uma we used offered to laugh together about the great cred it he had gane
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gaine
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offerd to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offerd to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therfourdis mounted at os goht my filyn pes reay an at a very logrange broght tu ofe themdowun withth si go bal
	layer_4: i therefor dis mounted at ons got my fouling pease readyp and at avery longrange brout to of them down with a siggo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at ons got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace redy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace redy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and never yuse to sut is mol than one ball and was usuly able to hak my mark at to hundretcubits which caln ot be dornby othe was of lotig
	layer_4: and never use to sd with male than one ball and was ousually able to hat my mark at to hunderet cubits which calnnot be don by othe ways of loding
	layer_6: id never used to shod with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livetort my fot and tlet the marte ranout thed when i hat mountedt we make hased for rom
	layer_4: i livetat my fot and let the water ranout then when i had mounte we make hast for rom
	layer_6: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was nowanser and after oner to in affectualtents frounsy turd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after woner two ina fectual attencs frounsy turd ferfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after on or two in effectual attents frowndsy tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents fronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: a tri and he leat oquikain nomtenow
	layer_4: i'l try and she lat o quikn n o mha now
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quick ha ndon ma now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick han onma now
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick han on ma now
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hano on mhe now

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spoghts bura nonerchekes and her pailld li i enpt
	layer_4: two red spouts burdn onher chekes and her pald low i snapt
	layer_6: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale lu eye snaped
	layer_8: two red spots burnt on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wonm sur i herd it ragingnot the doun
	layer_4: hiy'me sturi heard at raging ote than down
	layer_6: why'm sure i heard it raging up tan down
	layer_8: whi 'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: hi'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i do't mon any ditner said char lat doin nack
	layer_4: i don't mone any didner said cha lat dring mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said chalet drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlot drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlotedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlotedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindeed sa pollyturly jususfin his con be
	layer_4: yes indeed sa policharly just as finis conbe
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly charily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a shurly saidtold mister kaing with greatsatesfaction inpollys pleaser and at herisexccesseing dryg sharlat hout
	layer_4: a surdly said old mister king with great satisfaction imdpoly's pleaser and at her success ind dryg sharl it hout
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind poly's pleasure and at her success indowying sharlet out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drowing charlot out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and aftered this the red no mor quiet days for sharlat choutteton
	layer_4: and afterd this the red no more quiet days for shar let chouteton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for sharlet chouterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlot chauterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlott choterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: o bus med t you fronsy in plase to prie
	layer_4: oh bus me a t oyou fronsy in pleaced to prie
	layer_6: oh blet me iat you franzie inpleased urprise
	layer_8: oh bluss me its you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yeskranp pa said frongdsy coming an an chutting thatter cerfely i ceme operbis to seeou all along
	layer_4: yescranp apat said fronsy coming an an chutting that or carefully i came on purpuse to see you all alone
	layer_6: yesgranpapa said frony coming in and shuding that or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king hiely gro t if ihd mpuishing awy his rigding table he held outas han
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king hihdely groutifid ompushing awy his riding table he held out as hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly grawtifide and pushing away his wriding table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his wriding table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his wrting table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: hoa know gran up crid fronsy in arapshur a cud neverd be to bake fit that su she perche up as of oled onisning thand she fuldetter hans in locd groavealy in his face
	layer_4: o kno grand papo cried frownsy in arapture i could never be do big for that su she perchedt up as of old on hisni than she fold et hr hands ind looed gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grand papa cried fransy in e rapture i could never be do big for that so she purched up as of old on his ne then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried fhronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: wel my dear wat is it
	layer_4: wil't my deare what is it
	layer_6: wel my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: ase theal gon omen presintly youf come tertel me some thin isuppose
	layer_4: as the oldgon omon presntly yo'e come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: ase the old gentleman presently yu've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yescren pupo i hae said frounsy dositoly and it is mosd himpourtant toow great pupu ant ai do wish it so wuch and she claster hans titer ind sid
	layer_4: yesgran pepat i have said fronsy docidedly and it is most importain't two grad bapoct ad oh i do wish its so much and she clasther hancs titer and side
	layer_6: yes grand papa i have said frondsy decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands tighter inside
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well hen frouse f you wat e i sippos it must be said mister king quit is o materof course
	layer_4: well then fronzy if you want et i suppose it must be said mister king quitosamat e f course
	layer_6: well then fronzy if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then franziy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: of she lafe you  er thing she had rondy a cule old millians er soitis wy
	layer_4: ofh she levt you hver thing she had fronsy a cupl of millions ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everythink she had fronse a couple of milions ore so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had fronzie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlt por repe ted the ol juntnmen
	layer_4: sharelat por repeated the old genlemen
	layer_6: sharlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlot por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlote pour repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: ha kno' notexacly her fatheris ant rich but shar lat i think be du very well ispechaly ais i intean to keeper her for a wil and the ni shal lever lut her suffert frons y never indeeat
	layer_4: y knon not exactly her father is an't rich but sharlet i think be do verywell especialy as i inten to keep her hearfor a wile and then ni shall never let her suffer fronse never indeet
	layer_6: why knon not exactly her father is n' rich but sharlet i think ba do very well especially as i intend to keep her heare for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronsy never indeet
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlet i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer franzy never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for awhile and then i shall never let her suffer pronzie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronzi never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grappr said frouncy wans ent mis is chadertan at to sharlet
	layer_4: grampepar said froncy wasn't misis chadetin ant to sharlet
	layer_6: gradbep said frondziy wasn't missus chadterton aunt to sharlet
	layer_8: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlot
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if misus cattr ton was ant to shaerftit persistu frongsy sloly it seems is if shamled ot to have som o the moiyg it rely das gran pupa
	layer_4: if missus chattertin was ant to shartlet persistod fronsy slowvly it seemes is if shalitd out to have some of the monny it realy dos gran papa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt to sharlet persisted fronsy slowly it seems as if sharled ought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlott persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charloteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maby said the ol judinmham iththe short laf and i shouldn't wonder of caus in unous wes sory over afou other things toot fronsy
	layer_4: maby said the old gedemonwith ha shoret laug and i souldn't wonder of cusei unes was sory over a few other things too fronsy
	layer_6: mabe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unuss was sorry over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too fhronzie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin yunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: whit nat ma c hurvery gl had if i de showlit some of tha mony
	layer_4: wult n it make hervery gla d if i gave shal lat some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't ite make her very glad if i gave sharl et some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charl et some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for anser mistr cking settredounhacely om t for and tout to weth re turans u ten dowun the rom
	layer_4: for answer mister king seter down hastaly on the flore and topk two werthree turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set ter down hastily on the floor and took two oer three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: awhi do so wish i myg she tad thrs so much for little gralite me
	layer_4: iwhy do so wish i might she said there so much for  little girl ike me
	layer_6: o why do so wish i might she said there' so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh hy do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it iul be so nice to have shar let have some with me still no ancwer
	layer_4: it wiul be so nice to have share lat have some with me still kno answer
	layer_6: it woull be so nice to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlot have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was rating a not to missusfargo si vronsy puting uprlips frikess
	layer_4: i was riting a not to missus fargo said fronzy putting ut pro lips forikus
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vranzy putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was wriding a note to missus fargo said vronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: shure as i cun be fronsy said l mistr king smily god by dear
	layer_4: sure is itan be fronzy said olld mister king smili good by dear
	layer_6: sure as ican be fronzye said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be fronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: theret their my sus tis boashall never sa that but commin comen
	layer_4: thered there my sistuspoishiall never say that but comeint coment
	layer_6: the re ther mysister spoy shall never say that but come incmment
	layer_8: there there my sisters boy shall never say that but come incmmen
	layer_10: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come incomen
	layer_12: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come incomen

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: noat to be oungracius the young manclehomselftend wichare
	layer_4: not to beyoungratious the young ranthruy umself int which har
	layer_6: not to be yonggracious the young man threw himself indt which hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ach hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: on hang nt auncl wi kinto lot mne a long
	layer_4: o hang at unkle whi ean you lot me a lone
	layer_6: o hang it uncle why an't yoe let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang t uncle why can't yhe let me alone
	layer_10: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_12: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder interpllated pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i kno you did ongl sai picaryin youv don everything tit'sgood
	layer_4: i know you did oncle said pickering you done everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering yo've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you'edone everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for havan sake pikaring crit is uncle doarting im fron o the chear in its res tle suckbut dont sa thot a gain
	layer_4: for hav in sae pickering crie is uncle darting in fron o the char an its reslessoccubet don't say that again
	layer_6: for haven' sake pickering cried his uncle dartding hin fron f the chair and its restless occupete don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupate don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i' ben alasy dag omy wif fin a good for not but i hopovd not sun tod tha
	layer_4: i've been oalasy daog ol my litf an a good for not but i hope oe not somt to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazsy dog al my life and a good for not but i hope of not sump to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope i've not sum to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for noght but i hope i've not sumk to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for noght but i hope i've not sumk to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the cthurch bels were vrining amd peopl on thy avenw going byti ser vis turened urious in quiring loks u he the great haus and them wen on toking io the reacon ovence which huld sostrangualy endered into and mae histery in the sity
	layer_4: the church bells were wringing and people on the avene going bihto servis turned churious inquiring looks ufp that the great house and them wen on talking iof the reacon ovents which hald so strangelly enderd into and made histery in the city
	layer_6: the church bels were ringing and people on the avenew going by to service turned churious inquiring looks oupt tat the great house and them went on talking otf the reacen events which had so strangely endered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up tat the great house and then went on talking of the recen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and aldlu his inpassion appeel the smorning there was a nota sadmens enderebeuk and sturnd cond dhemation tut maye many of the members pail with seltf accusation ore with inwered anger
	layer_4: and although his impasion appeld thes morning there was anot o sadnens and rebiuke and sturne condemation bat made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with in wred anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassion appeal this morning there was a noto sadness and rebuke and sternd condemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inwad anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassiond appeal this morning there was a noteofe sadness and rebuke and stern condemation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramen head boted to continnu fori  nother year the sulon
	layer_4: ramond head boted to continou for ia nother yer the silom
	layer_6: raymon had boated to continue for another year the salo
	layer_8: raymon had boated to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_10: raymon had boted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristons of vraimean sted cn dend by the risult
	layer_4: the christions of rame and stod con dem by the risult
	layer_6: the christians of raimon stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of ramon stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raimon stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the facten rameen forears te solon rult
	layer_4: for that had been the fact in rameand for gyearse the soloon ruld
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in ramemon for years the soloone ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raimond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raimond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: hrusit ant marh sat there his usuaal i reck tancsom errm wrigt self compid am aring al gan his head bout upon his brest the greaghte tears roling down his cheks unmoinfl ofd the facke that neverd bhefore had hy shown out oered amotion in apowlioc cervis
	layer_4: preusita't marsh at there his usual irect ansome urm wright self compidhint bearing all go his head bout upon his brest the greaht tears roling down his cheeks unminful of the fact that nevered before head he shown outward amotion in apobliok servis
	layer_6: president marsh sthat there his usual ireced handsome frm wright self compfident bearing all gon his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that neverd before had he shown outwardemotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun t to as tesus whert hof doun long ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun t do was jesus woat have don long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: wen had the firsturch ele to suchabacd his im of ters
	layer_4: when had the first church yeldte to such abacpet his m of toears
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a bakedism of t ears
	layer_8: whene had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hatd become f thats reaguleir precice can ventional order of servos un de stered by any volger amotion and unmoove by any fou li shexcitment
	layer_4: what had become of hits regular precice canventional order of servoce undistere by any vollger aemotion and unmove by any foolish ccitment
	layer_6: what hit become of its regular precise conventional order of servoce undisturved by any vulgaremotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living sol long on ther ser fhispfaelingcs thut they had allmost forgotain the depoer wells of liy
	layer_4: they had been living s long on their serfaspeelings that they had almost forgotin the deper wells of liy
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surfae pfeelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of li
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender t glod ith the sperits pesence it was a live wats stong and lasting ras olvf to be gin a ware om the wisce power and rament thatwould breake at sraine for ever
	layer_4: the meading was tender it glowed with th spirtes presence it was a live was stong and lasting res olve to begain a war on the whisky power and ramento that would break ats rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowd with the spirits presence it was alive wis stong and lasting resolved to begin awar on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power ind rayment that would break its raein for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rein for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rein for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: sins thefirst sone they hen the first company aballntears had pleche themsels to deo whas gesis wout dow thet different metings had beencarctirise by di staint impulses or ampresioncs
	layer_4: since the first sondtey when the first company obolenters had pleadge themselves to do as gesus wuld do the different medings had been caractor isd by distinkt impulses or impressionce
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolanters had pleadged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been charactereized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of bolanteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alter it ran one genneral cri for deliveorentce anm the soline an its olful curs
	layer_4: and altergwit ran one genneral crife for deliverence om the solone and its oful curs
	layer_6: and altrewh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful ciurse
	layer_8: and all thrg it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_10: and all thrugwh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: grai in his wie for be seeachd b in quirs who one ed to no what loriins frendshan aquaitincas wer expec ted to du in pang nher usdter spets to her
	layer_4: grayan his wife for beceeachd byingquiers who wanded to no what lorians friends and acquaintances we expected to do inpaying their last ere spets to her
	layer_6: gray an his wife were beseeghed by inquirs who wanded to know what lorians friends and acquaintances were expected to do in pain their last respects to her
	layer_8: gray and his wife were beseeched by inquirs who wanted to know what laurean's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: gray and his wife were beseched by enquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: gray and his wife were besieched by inquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gon uc to vreginiens and after toking adover with her an maxse erange met had be made
	layer_4: gray had gonupt to reginiens and after talking atover with her and maxba e arangement had been made
	layer_6: grey had gone up tof irginious and after talking it over with her and maxel the arrangement had been mad
	layer_8: gry had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: grey had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: grey had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and o was have ben upos  olarge puplic funeral saigry whoscompleat hulsome simflissiteavfe carcter was one of its gratis sorcses of strinth but the cri of the por cratur s wo ne lorin as sel ernis that igd not now hatter o fiease theesire to se her and pa her fore body some lesh blittle oner what deuthing mister maxlal
	layer_4: i am and al was have been apose alarge pupblic funeral said gray whos complet holsome simplicity ve caracter was one of its greatest sorces of strenth but the cry f the por creacturs who knew loraing is so earnes that i ded not no had her ofeused the sesire to see her and pay her por body some las blittle honor what d youthink mistermaxba
	layer_6: i am and all ways have been oposed to large public funerals said gre whose complete holesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine is so earness that i doid not know how to r efused the s desire to see her and pay her poorbody some last blittle honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed o large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lourine is so earnest that i dod not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew laurene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew laurene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxvell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i wil te gaid ed by gurgeuchren an matter
	layer_4: i wll be goded by your jeshfren in he matter
	layer_6: i will be gided by youra gedghmnt in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am shere tht what ever you on mis pakhed think best wil byo right
	layer_4: i am sure that whatever you and miss pate think best will be right
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and miss pace think best will be rite
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and misspage think best will be rigt
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the serconmsances i have a greatt ies taced for what sing like de splay at such times but thi sems differen
	layer_4: under the circumsances i have a great dis tased for what seem like desplay at such times but this seemes differen
	layer_6: under the circum stances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seemes different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: et happhen the that afternon a some what notednese faporcorson ut was passing dirae ando his way to hen ate torial commention in he neyboring sity
	layer_4: it happened tha that after nn a some what noted nesedfpap ercourison at was passing di grame and on his way to an etatorial conmention in he neiyboring sity
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon as somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thu graiment on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thougagriyment on his way to an editorial convention in tha neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing though greement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through greement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was accommon streat drunkard and yet the serv isusit the tent were ais impresof as anyai ever witnestan ameterpaliot ain chrch ofer the most do singuish titison
	layer_4: she was acomemond streat drunkerd and yet the cervsas it the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness t an a metur politd in churche over the most disinguishd sidicon
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkaered and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness and a merepolean church over the most disinguishd citizin
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkeard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatr politon church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatr politan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it sruck me of corse being istrander i the place with consitterable stonisment to har voices like thos one natualekxfecxsto hare olnly in great turches or consects at sucha mading is this
	layer_4: its sruct me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable  stonishment to here voices like those one natural xpects to here onlyin great churches ore conserts at such a meading is this
	layer_6: its struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to heare only in great churches or conserts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister maswal spo e ot the fac that the ded om an had been fuly pr pared togo but he sokin nt peculiarely senceid ive manner of the afect of the licker bissnessom a lives ip menan wom en like thisen
	layer_4: mister makwl soe of the fect that the dead woman had been fully prpaired togo but he spokeng at peculiarly sensitife maner of the affect of the licker bissness ome e lives if men end woman like this one
	layer_6: mister maxs wll spoke ot the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liker business on thelives of men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of cors bing arairo town an the sendter of the great packing introes for the s reagion is ful of solonte
	layer_4: ramend of course being aralr d town and the cendter of the great packing interes for ths regen is full of soloonce
	layer_6: raymond of course being a rail rod town and the cener of the great packing interest for this region is full of salons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interets for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then follod what was perhaps the creer part of the strang srvis
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the cueear part of the strange servise
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queerpart of the strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplist and at the saine time one of the mosthimpressif sites i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the semplest and at the same kime one of the most impresiv sites i ever witnest
	layer_6: it was one of the simplest and at the same kime one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnesd
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there musto been hundred of thes eman and i was told many of them had been convirted at the madingstjistrecently
	layer_4: there must havebeen a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meding sjust reasently
	layer_6: theremust have ben a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just reacently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there musthave been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nexs moment he fel bakgan amasment befor the inpetu as russh of a stry ied flesechek tey oung woman who demended
	layer_4: the nex moment he fell bacg an amazement before the inpetuous rush of a stary eide flushe cheek he oung wom an who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a stary eyed flush cheek t young women who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where ise pet mis blly gasd the o man
	layer_4: were ise peat miss billy gased the od man
	layer_6: where is he peet miss billy gased the old man
	layer_8: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: int han is heekxs too were flushed and hrie story butwith dismay and anger the lastd becaus she did not like the ay pet had sauid mis billys name
	layer_4: an't han is cheeks to were flushed and her is stary but with dismay and anger the lastd because she did not like the way pet had said miss billiy's name
	layer_6: ant hannes cheeks too were flushed ind her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billiy's name
	layer_8: aunt hann's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for herto abject to t is thing vily was duing but qui da nother for peato do at of coursits she
	layer_4: it was one matter for hear to object to thes thing villy was doing but quid onother for peat to do it of cours its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peat to do it of course its she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peate to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorded int hannatestly as if you your seft nfrin herher with your crasy messig isait thes time of night pet weri sy
	layer_4: retorded ant han atestilly as if you your selft ian' fring her here with your crasy messagisit this time of night peat whereyosey
	layer_6: retorded ant hanatestily as if you yourselft dn fring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pat wher ise
	layer_8: retorted aunt han a testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hana testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hana testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int erpose bily telmisterber tro m y ame hyeer or wait al co riat in intsuppriceit
	layer_4: inder posed billy tell mister br temy am heare or waite i'l go reiatidn in surprice t
	layer_6: nterposed billy tell mister brtrami am here or wait i'll go ritend nd surprice him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go rit ind and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pee had re ceveridhimself by now but he dd notyven glince wr dant henna
	layer_4: pet had recoverd himself by now but he did not heven glanced ware dant hanna
	layer_6: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glinced oward ant hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance tward aunt hana
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: mis bily miss bily gyour an angjl strae frem heavin you arn you ar o ome so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billy miss billy your and angjell straikte rom heavin you are you ar o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy yure an angel strighte from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: ittll be alv rigte no ao rige hesin the den mispilly
	layer_4: ittll be oll right now a right hesn the den mispilly
	layer_6: it'l'l be all right now all right he' sen' the dend miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the dean miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: vuelly turne egerly but beforse could take so much as onestept wreh the dorit the ando the how at hanas indignent woiea restit her belly stuo
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as onecetept oward the doorat the and o the ha ant han as indignant voicurested her beliy stop
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take som much as one steped whard the door at the endof the hal aunt han as indignant voice errested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step tweard the door at the end of the hall aunt hann's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: pet goten your master that we oar her and askif hou wl recive us pet's lips twiched
	layer_4: pet go tell your master that we ar her and askif heu will receive us pets lips twiched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if hou will receive us pets lips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peet's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his facewas priaterd naturaly grave when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was pretere nantually grave when he spoke
	layer_6: but his face was preder nanturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fing fi gyour brushd by him nd tell ont sease by the cout or the lo cri brhrims ise fly opeen
	layer_4: a fying foigyour brushed by him and fell onu seesed by the cout fwith a low cry burtrims iese flew wopen
	layer_6: a flying fig ure brushed by him and fell on it seesed by the couth with a low cry berhrams eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found in thermanatlater pollishing a sill feitesepoen withe fringhe napkn that ad been spred ovr burtromstry
	layer_4: dong ling found him there amienut later polishing a sylfrteacepoon with a frenge natpkin that had been spread over burtrmstry
	layer_6: dong ling found him there a minat later polishing a silver teaspoon with a frenge napkin that had been spread over burthrams tray
	layer_8: dongling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teeaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over berthram's tray
	layer_10: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's trey
	layer_12: dongling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's trey

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall abo vant hana was crying in to will umsgry len indduster that hngon the hallrack ant han as hankagie was on the for bac it hil sid
	layer_4: in the halle abov ant hann was crying anto will yum sgray lin indduster that hung on the hall rack ant hand as hankracif was on the flor back it hilsid
	layer_6: in the hall above ant henna was crying into william's grey lin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt handn's handkerchef was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into williams gray linand duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into william's grey linen dustr that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into william's grey linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gragilly it dondover thn that ther was afterall something strange on on exlain tetedall
	layer_4: then very gragrally it dondover than that theire was after all something strange and un explain did andall
	layer_6: then very gradually it donet over them that there was after all something strange and unexplainedid int all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make tur that she wase hear like this he dou herivin closer br han was so thancful tha ty ded have one oarm that was usible
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he do ere even closor burta was so thankful thatedid have one oarm that was usible
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was useable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: whi o of course stamered belly i couln't hel thinking that may be you hadt foundout you didn' want me
	layer_4: why o of course stamoered billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had foundout you diddn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stamured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why o of course stamered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why oof course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: te maind ed burhom angry an mistifit
	layer_4: temainded burch rem angry and mistifide
	layer_6: demanded burthrim angry and mistirfied
	layer_8: demanded berthram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as fer my not pinting agan oudd tondersthand pet tary
	layer_4: as for my not panting again you didn under sand peate deary
	layer_6: as fo my not painting again you didnt understand peat deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pte deariy
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deariy
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deariy

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puld her selft half awayve from brichoms in sirckling orm
	layer_4: she puld her self half away from brichims and sirctling arme
	layer_6: she puled herself half away from brchims and circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from berthrams and circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bertram's incircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bily dyou a quivfering sy
	layer_4: bily dyour aquivfering si
	layer_6: billyd you a quivfering sigh
	layer_8: billiedyour a quivfering sigh
	layer_10: billi drewe a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billy drewe a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good haveens is tatin this two burtams voise was savige now
	layer_4: good havin's is catend this too burtrums voice wats savage now
	layer_6: good heavens s cat in this too bertham's voice was savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is kat an this too berthram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: wel she rownt a letter
	layer_4: well she rot a letter
	layer_6: well she rote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: buly lact gayely but she shifted hr posistion an dednot met hero leversise
	layer_4: billy laughed gaely but she shifted her position and did not met herloversye
	layer_6: billy laughed gatly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not eet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not eet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think fro minit belly that you cared for him
	layer_4: and you knever did think fro minut builly that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not men slowdt o mark e s wifh lowering o foer iledts
	layer_4: he had not ben slowed a marke thats with lowering her ilads
	layer_6: he had not been slowe to mark that swith lowering o her ysleds
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swif lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bele was so glad burtr a trin the question on herylof instat of arrightes
	layer_4: billy was so glad burtrematurind the question on huarelofe in stead of aurkrightes
	layer_6: billy was so glad burchramaturne the question on herlove an stead of ourkrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad berthram had turnedthe question on her love instead of orkrightes
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrigts
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: aftermianit bily stured an sit halfuly
	layer_4: after aminut builly stird and side halfelly
	layer_6: after a minue billy stired an side halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sihed halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn in move with mister ar cright
	layer_4: you see i wasn in lovewith mister ar criht
	layer_6: you see i wasn' in love with mister aur criht
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arcrit
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkchrit
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkkhrit

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and youdin' car spesiall le for fr mis went
	layer_4: an and you dint car special ty for for is winthre
	layer_6: and and you didn't carrt specially for for miss wintrop
	layer_8: and and you didn't care t specially for fom miss windrep
	layer_10: ane and you didn't care specially for for miss winrep
	layer_12: anne and you didn't care specially for for miss wintrep

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: bille put a sou fing ghur on his wlips
	layer_4: bile put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: vurt hre isst the fhinger ins obsited fm he cotmenit
	layer_4: vertrb kisst the fhinger ands ubsited  he cotmen it
	layer_6: birtuab kissed the finger and subsided he comtminted
	layer_8: verthab kissed the finger and subsided  he commented
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided umhe comented
	layer_12: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided um he contmented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whil what is tha is that kat too the mandad burtrom grimly
	layer_4: while what is thad is that cate too the mandad brtrom grimly
	layer_6: whele what is that is that kate too demanded brtrom grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that is that cate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: therewas a nottey silence then seuenly brchrim strd
	layer_4: there was a nother silence then suenly brchrim stird
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly brtch rim stured
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berchram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: belly um goin mary you to marow he inounce desicively
	layer_4: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he anounce decicvely
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't now as i con trust you hut o my site til ten yo'll red some thing or hear something wer gin a lette from cade oafter brecfis to marm worni that wl sec you saving ne agan an i don't wat to be saed that way
	layer_4: i don't kno is i contrust you out o my sighte till then you'l red something or her something ore get aletter from cate oafter breakfise to mar  morning that will setch you saving me again and i don't want to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i cantrust you out o my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kade after breakfast to morow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or heare something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that w'll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that we'll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that we'll set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: u'm goin a mear you to marow al githe stot shourit with a sudden frown con vound that li forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to marry you to maro i'll get he stop sor t with a sudden' frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped shor it with a sudden frown con' found that lwi forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that l i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: ivedaeinde sr
	layer_4: five dasindeed sir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i whunder  you thin ticon get reaty to be married omfyve dase
	layer_4: i wonderif youh think i can get ready to be married amd five dayse
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married hin five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't wan shou to give ready retworted burhrompromtly i somemare av ratyan i had all i wane et of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gite ready retoarted burctrem promptly i sommareyiteready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_6: don't want you dto geve ready retorted berctrin promptly i sawm mari at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran promptly i saw mari et ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy mus have ale thos miles of tavble clossad nackins an' doylys and lacerucklings will do at aftrwards not befor but
	layer_4: if you really must haveal thoes miles of table closs and natpkins and dooylys and lace  rutlings will do at afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have al those miles of table closths and natkins and doylies and lacesrughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyliys and lace rufflings wi'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doliys and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doileys and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besides i negyou dto tate car of me caud inbrchom craftly
	layer_4: besides i ned you to take care of me ct mberthruim craftilly
	layer_6: besides i ned you to take care of me cut inbrchrame craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in berthram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender cglo one bellys face tal te son story and brchromsegiris ere not lowt o reatit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billys face told bi son story and burchrumseager ies were not slot o reat it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berchrmseager eyes were not slow eto read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertrm's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: sweed hart see hear dere he crid solfly tightenting his good befdarm
	layer_4: sweed art see heare dear he cried sofly tightning his good leftd arm
	layer_6: sweedart see here dear he cried softly tightning his good left arm
	layer_8: sweet heart see her dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: belay my deer
	layer_4: bely my deer
	layer_6: billy my deaer
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant han as plaint od fvoice et the doar waaol lite later
	layer_4: it was ant han has plainto voice ath the dorwaya little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hannas plaintid voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hann's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we musttd go homant will ye mas heare to ad ons teseou
	layer_4: we must go homeman will uve mas her two and woncst to see you
	layer_6: we must go hoe an will yum as here two and wancs to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and willyam is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you manad ll be be for oestoe
	layer_4: you mean ittol be before otover
	layer_6: you mean itt'll be before oct ober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before oxtober
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han aglanse from wone to the other aun sertanly
	layer_4: an't han a glanced from one to the other un certainly
	layer_6: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes notded billy t marly
	layer_4: yes nonded billy do mearly
	layer_6: yes noded billy domerely
	layer_8: yes noded billy de merely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demerely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: ee si now theat is a gotd wil cad in burtrmarly
	layer_4: yes sig kno that is a good wile cut in bertrmarily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cutdin brchrimarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramerrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramerrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wonetedt it tomrow but we had t awat un a caud of the new licons fler
	layer_4: we wanded it tomorow but we had awaite un acout of the new license lar
	layer_6: we wantded it to morrow but we had to waiht on accout of the new licen'sla
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on accout of the new licenselaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mi res an traves in the vest i feld that ut ther freedem as an igter has begom feber and einifectl
	layer_4: an myh reas an travls ind the vest i felt that out there freedhim as an idear has becom febee and inifactual
	layer_6: an my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as a idea has become feeble and inefactual
	layer_8: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out their freedom as an idea hash become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the feanething of haveing now wit the peple of the rest
	layer_4: the fam thing ith havening know with the pepl of the west
	layer_6: the feme thing its haening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the feme thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they afflaterd into pleving that they afre and they have the sovrin p ind the hans
	layer_4: the aflattered into blieving that they afree and they have the soveren pa in the hancs
	layer_6: theyhare flatered into believing that they arefree and they have the soverin par in thei hans
	layer_8: theyare flattered into believing that they are free and they have the soveign pawr in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: hats it heas becoe mor and mor evedin to me that th eidi o hreedhim has gron teneus in th at mis ferrf the vest
	layer_4: thes it has become more and more evedin to me that the ideal of freedhim has gron tenuous in the atmisfiere of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more eviden to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the admosphieare of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the admosphere of the vest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintality asf that offaslave oning community wit a mnwutlated mug tred of men ti to ad  comltll andplytogl tread mer
	layer_4: the mentality as that offaslave onin community wuth a mew tlated miltteured of men tid to hadscomotial and pilitigl tredmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that offis lave owning community wuth a mutlated multiteard of men tie to i scommotial and pelitical tredmil
	layer_8: the mentality as that offer slave owning community with a mutilated multiturd of men tied to its commotioal and political treadmall
	layer_10: the mentality of that off ir slave owning community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commocioal and political treadmil
	layer_12: the mentality if that of er slave owning community with the mutilated multitude of men tied to its commocial and political treadmile

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he whio casto havs laese mus chane hinmself to them he who bel's as to cread xflution for obhers bitl swarsecrosse son freeadon he whoud dis trus preed em inuthers lunseh es mared rigte to eit
	layer_4: he who cas to houset laves must chan himself to them he who bils walds to cread exclution for others bilts walsecrosse son freden he who distrus predhem inothers lousesas morind right to it
	layer_6: he who cars to house laves must chan himself to them he who bil's wals to create exclusion for others bills walls across hesown freden he who distrust preedom inothers lounsesas marled wright to it
	layer_8: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others buillts walls across thes own freedom he who distrust freedom in others loses his morld right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: haned theyquied a tru lauge o fretom
	layer_4: hame thequied a tru louge o freetom
	layer_6: have they acquiet o true love offredom
	layer_8: have they acquired oa true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great at bek ofte selle offerpeplel the maherpidther gif sers abanto flevation of en e olaring life foul ofte fredin of inquiry anexpareomand
	layer_4: the great apick of te sel of er people the ma her pirrthe gifsess abontfl visin of an evetlowing life furll of te freedim of inquiry and exparement
	layer_6: the great epic of the sal of her people the mahar parter givses abontiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and expariment
	layer_8: the great epic of the sol of her people the mahar parta gives es aboundtiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the soule of her people the mahaparte gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soule of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: tan the ade of the bder kame she maonite was td in ur con tre tots atelstet
	layer_4: than the age of the boder came he manyity wias chord in our contr to its aterml step
	layer_6: then the age of the buder came humanity was tard in our country to its atermil steph
	layer_8: then the age of the bouder came humanity was taed in our country to its utermal depth
	layer_10: when the age of the booder came humanity was taed in our country to its attema depth
	layer_12: when the age of the booder came humanity was tared in our country to its attemal depth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic harden int an eads of einord construction
	layer_4: it houdend into an eaide of inot construction
	layer_6: it howrdened into an ages of inote construction
	layer_8: it audened into an adge of innered construction
	layer_10: it haudened into an ade of innot construction
	layer_12: it haurdened into an ade of innort construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: the ol ganyunity offor thearet an ilast ec ercity ga ler to convenctenal alder bhit's prd its art fisil cariter byt e nex thrabel of exclution
	layer_4: thee lgany gunlity of r tvherit and ilasticecity gav we to conventnal ader whit's pruld at ourtficial cariter by t e nex thrbe low of exclution
	layer_6: the olgani gunity of a varid and elastic socity gave way to a conventional oder whith prude at artificial character byit enex thruble la of exclution
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varint and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which prued its artificial character by t inextrble law of exclosion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a variened and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by it inexerable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varined and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by it inexerable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha that innyquorlitiese i had mit byt bear nachroe and ar an hane wt tho vitl funtions
	layer_4: life ha thit f inly quallitiys i hadmit but bea nathfuul and ar and horm ny withtheu vitlfuntions
	layer_6: life hathed f anequalities i hadmet but bere natful andare and hrmny with hour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath itfr anequalities i admit but ber naturual end ar and hrmny with thour vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it for inequalities i admit but tear natural end ar and harmony with thor vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it for inequalities i admit but bere natural end are and harmony with thoir vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: bys queesing uman being s an the griat ofen inelasticcistiom and folseibly hellding them fet me hear enod the loals ofplive in grolt
	layer_4: bys queeasing human beings an the greap of in ine lasticcestiom and folseibly herlding them faxtd we hae inod the las of live ind groaut
	layer_6: by squeezing human beings in the greap of an inelasthic systiem and farcibly healding them fixed we have ignoed the laws of life an grouth
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic systum and forcivbely hurlding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grouth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groawth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and groath

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: bhe have forst living solsentoerppomndan pat ivity matn them inkapiber of moting slconsthencs to tearle intrencsictdesine and of mastring theron detine
	layer_4: we have forst living sols into a pomen and pa sivity mating them inkapavl of molding siconsthence to therole intrancsicdecigne and of mastring therown destine
	layer_6: we have forced living sols into a poman an passcivity making them incapabl of molding silcumstence to thei ow intraneic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living sels into a pomanent pascivity making them incapable of molding cilcumstance to their ow intrinsic design and of mastering their own destony
	layer_10: we have forced living sels into a pomenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_12: we have forced living sels into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: ast yupifaction has becomso atsilut that bedonot iv relisethat thes pesrstan mits forton darking as tapsfulr ates canno be of mir axidened of histre remo obe olyby inater axiden tfromotside
	layer_4: astyu pefaction has becomeso asilote that we donot imen relice that thes plesisten misfortun dorging us cheps ful agus cannot be of mr axidened of histr remo obe only by e nother axiden from otside
	layer_6: asd tupefaction has become so abselute that we do not iven realice that this pesistint misfortune dorging us cheps fur agos cannot be of mre accident of histry remoabl only by enother accident from outside
	layer_8: ustuifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of meure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging us theps for ages cannot be of mure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging ours theps for ages cannot be of mure accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: theerel be inkapber of holiting ar cjhust freedm inparltax and a fiting indfreed inscause
	layer_4: thevil be incapaber of holding ar just freedem in palitics and a fiting and freed emscause
	layer_6: bheevwil be incapabe of holding o just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedom scaurs
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding ar just freedom in palitics and of fighting and freedom scaurlse
	layer_10: there will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom' s course
	layer_12: there will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom s course

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: i ctredpresense ther acto as pectifinther hich haster appudansoffretin but natet trud mand therflr gie srice to slavery thout witein ats pountriese in od sid
	layer_4: ittretpresens the actov aspect of inotiure which haster appuren s of freedeim but nortedstrut an thereful gives frice to slavery thought wethen ats pontriys an out side
	layer_6: it trepresence the actie aspect of enoture which haster appurance of fredom but notits truth and therefur gives rice to slavery thouth withen atspountrese an outeside
	layer_8: it represents the active aspect of inurta which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery touth within its boundtaries and outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inutia which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thouth within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inutia which has the appeurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thoth within its boundaris and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it es at thefoet of oman that be lad the lastat itthout hasmile would navbr habeing gand it iser imigh that trins telir of the pot that an mead s orf waise in the blatsh of elli cpenfaction andgite so drean in the al gs tailso tatly conslrcs
	layer_4: it is at the foot of woman that be lade the lawustat bithout hers mile would never haben gand it iser imaged that strings telire of the poit that anmads of waise in the blase of eliqenfaction and guide so dran in the algs thailes of s tatly counses
	layer_6: it is at the foot off woman that be layd the lawrus that without hersmile would never have been gained it is o imaged that strings deliere of the pot that an mades af voice in the blase of allequentfaction and guide saf drain in the ougers thoils of thately counses
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that welayi the lawres that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lir of the poit that annimadtes or voice in the blaze of elequent faction and guidesof drain in the ougust coils of stately councerts
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that be lai the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is e image that strans the lire of the poet that annimates or voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides a drain in the august toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that be lai the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strangs the liare of the poet that annimates ar voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides e drain in the august toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: isday ne hel fort themsoefolo help
	layer_4: is tay no help for them so ful lof help
	layer_6: es tay no help for them so ful of help
	layer_8: is theyr no help for them so full of help
	layer_10: is there no help for them so full of help
	layer_12: is there no help for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it meks the hartake but dopicchu sfutiisisitts to that inmatination
	layer_4: it meks the hartake but to pictur suth wesicitielt to thay imagination
	layer_6: it makes the heartage but to picture such veciitialts to the imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vecisityls to thir imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to thei imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nollgetat uch chantos cin a car flicts o wrh the mind lek the fourgd of det e scoring allor ga fanfiecs bith it s ba li e rin and tanding the hellly adneh fr of or hapnes bit it s venimes expirations
	layer_4: the nowlige that such changiskan ha ca flixs overth the mind like the thought of deat it scarring allo ga fanfiee bit its bat like wing and canding the helty atne fier of her hapness bit it's venemos expirations
	layer_6: the knowledge that such changees gan ocur flicts over the mind like the thought of death itscaring all aur gave fandpiese with its bat like wing and changing the heldy adnofhar of her hapness with its vanimous expurations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death t scouring all our gay fanpies with its bad like wing and changing the healdy atmopher of her hapness with its venimous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death te scuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her hapness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death the scuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her hapness with its venomous expirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: min os
	layer_4: min ows
	layer_6: mine ols
	layer_8: mine as
	layer_10: mine os
	layer_12: mine os

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: mrtded ot coty do
	layer_4: mort det ot coolt yu dom
	layer_6: more dead at couldt you dom
	layer_8: more dead what could you do
	layer_10: more dead what could you do
	layer_12: more dead what could you do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: a bita bot my chame be likca filyd bod in tecate
	layer_4: i bit about my cham bu like a fily bord in te cage
	layer_6: i bet about my chamber like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_8: i bit about my chamber like a fily bird in the cage
	layer_10: i bit about my chamber like a fily bird in the cage
	layer_12: i bit about my chamber like a fily bird in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do lnot think of morving to day
	layer_4: do not think of morving to day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nokeep the maingur an instnt
	layer_4: to not keep the massenger n instant
	layer_6: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: he son ma peoy
	layer_4: she sont my po ne
	layer_6: she saunht my pony
	layer_8: sheis aunt my pony
	layer_10: she is ant my pony
	layer_12: she s ant my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right eon nleev one ward to yor emn hen grete
	layer_4: right on'tly one ward to yeur rem hen greite
	layer_6: right only one word to your rem hengratal
	layer_8: writ only one word to your ram en gratel
	layer_10: write only one word to your rm hengreatel
	layer_12: write only one word to your olm hengreatel

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fodant to han reter
	layer_4: folnant to hen greater
	layer_6: foldnant to hengreter
	layer_8: fuldnant to hengrete
	layer_10: fuldnant to henreta
	layer_12: fuldnant to henreta

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: gotless yu my henreter i beloverd byn malissh hen greater
	layer_4: got less u my hen reater i belovered bmy maless hen greater
	layer_6: god less you my henrater mi belovered my maceless hngrater
	layer_8: godless you my henreater my belovered my matchless hn reator
	layer_10: godbless you my henrator my beloved my matchless henreator
	layer_12: god bless you my henrator my beloved my matchless hen reator

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: waod his the epration not cosme
	layer_4: wout his tat etvration ot cos me
	layer_6: wotisded sevoeration not const me
	layer_8: wote his ted sepiration not caste me
	layer_10: wat his that sepiration not cast me
	layer_12: wot his that seperation not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pan tat i could not conteive anh huan rihsr cotication
	layer_4: pang sthat i could not conheive any human rithreecodicasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conive ana human with recod occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive an human witre could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human wih re could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human with re could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i wl to be great fer that he was unin jrd last nit
	layer_4: and yet i olulh to be greatful that he was unin jurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be gratful that he was uninurd last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i di not now on hou foli sha was
	layer_4: i de not now on how folash a was
	layer_6: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not know own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di notbe an gree vtet o hen reater but im noer ter saboet con eeling al in gacmen trompuper
	layer_4: di not be angrevith you hendgreater but i'm novees aboltd conceeling a ingateman tfrompape
	layer_6: did not be angre with your hengreator but i 'm no vis about conceeling er engagement frompepar
	layer_8: do not be angry with your hengriator but i am nurvous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with your hengriator but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with your hengriator but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dase muns telaves befor ou canret peuh and he now fordenent i no yur affe es mor tifficlet theyn yourl confess
	layer_4: dayse mus te labs before you can gret bouth and thy no fordnent i kno your affe sus more ificlt than ouilkonfess
	layer_6: days must e laps before you can greade bouth and the now fordnant i know your offices more tifficult than you wil con fess
	layer_8: days must elasse before you can reath bouth and i know fornate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must relapse before you can read both and i know fordnit i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must relapse before you can read both and i know fordnit i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: butd comebac my on a tlon is hou can and rihte to me ad the perl hafece as yhi setled
	layer_4: but comeback my on as soon as he can and righe to me at the pelse hoffice as hi settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as heu gan and wrigt to me at the pis chaffice as you settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as he can and write to me at the pestshaffice as yeu settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as yoe settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as hee settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the conchusneoh thaur so knar mixpin resless
	layer_4: the consiusnesh that our so nar mies men restles
	layer_6: the consciousness that your so nea mikes men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that you're so nea make me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that youre so near makes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that youre so near makes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i vis to met him but thash much comnec a hican camnd
	layer_4: i vish to med him but thas much comness a hecan comnd
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but  as much comness a i can commant
	layer_8: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the prads inhites ter he had faullin with the flax steuving his hand laprencs antruablgonsky bleeaing frofustly and and conchustly utring ha ende peturs andti like mom
	layer_4: on the pradsin hightes were he had follin with the flacks telf ing his hand lapronce an troubll gonsky blading frfusly and und conshusly utring agendl petious and chil like mom
	layer_6: on the prad son hits where he had fallen with the flascelf in his hand laprince an truble consky bleeding fror fusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle petios and chil like mom
	layer_8: on the pradsen hides where he had fallen with the flag staffin his hand laprince and drublgonsky bleeding prorfusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle petieous and childlike mon
	layer_10: on the pratand hihts where he had fallen with the flag shaf in his hand laprince and ru bolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteouss and childlike mom
	layer_12: on the pratzand hihts where he had fallen with the flag safft in his hand laprince and ru bolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike mom

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: su inll he a gain fhel that uus a li and sufting from a boning lasreating gen in his hed
	layer_4: sarenly he again felle that heuas alive and suftring from a boning latreeating gin in his head
	layer_6: sorinly he again fell that he was alive and suftering from a boning lat rating bain in his head
	layer_8: curdenly he again fel that he was alive and suftering from a burning lat rating ban in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning laserating dain in his head
	layer_12: cuddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning laserating gain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: wat hisfrst thout
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he febly mad hish leg and aterd ovek sedle grown with err oused hi ston piti
	layer_4: he fably mod hish lg and uterd o vek sickly growne whith eroused his ougn pittyin
	layer_6: he fably moet his leg and utered a viu sickly grown which arrowused hisown pity
	layer_8: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weaku sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he febly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he febly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: life thes young menup and cairy him to the drestinstation
	layer_4: lif thes young menup and carry him to the dressinstation
	layer_6: lif this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: trenthandruy membrd nothing mor he lost consiithnistrom the terdabl bean of beeingglifted oun to hesh treter the dolllding ril been mod and the plobing of his von ad the dreatentation
	layer_4: prin an druwry memberd nothing mor he loust consius nestrom the tearable bain of beeing lifted oun to thstretture the doting vil being mod and the prowbing of his woon at the dreasingstation
	layer_6: princ and drew rememberd nothing more he lastd counsciousness from the terible pain of being lifted owun to the strechure the jolting while being mood and the probing of his woon at the dressingstation
	layer_8: prince anddrew remembered nothing more he losed consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretchere the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yorring this transfer he felt a lites tronger and ws abeel to loook about him and evenspeek
	layer_4: yuring this transfor he feled a littlels tronger and was able to look about him and even spak
	layer_6: yuring this transfer he feled a little s tronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he ast oneing the pris nes
	layer_4: he ast onceing the prisnes
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i ca marndet s curden tepli t ranen
	layer_4: i commaunder is courden replied rapnin
	layer_6: i commanded his cordron replied renon
	layer_8: i commanded his cordron replied repnan
	layer_10: i commanded his cordron replied repnen
	layer_12: i commanded his corgon replied repnen

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prencrenen naned leftern in sutelon
	layer_4: princeerepnan nained lefternen suktellin
	layer_6: princrepnon named leternin sotelen
	layer_8: prince repnan named leftenon suctelon
	layer_10: prince repnan named letenan sutelen
	layer_12: prince repnan named letenan suctelen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: aftilooking at him nipolinsmild
	layer_4: after looking a him nepoliin smild
	layer_6: after looking at him nepolan smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youd as no hntrans to caridge materd toteln in ifaling wice
	layer_4: youdthes no hintrance to carage materd sotellen in ifailing wice
	layer_6: you tes no hindranse to carage matered suctellein in a failing vice
	layer_8: you te's now hindrance to courage muttered suctellin in a failing vice
	layer_10: you there's now hindrance to courage muttered thutelen in a failing voice
	layer_12: you there's new hindrance to courage muttered thutelen in a faling voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splandedre ly sait tny polin
	layer_4: a splended rely said ney palin
	layer_6: a splendid refly saidnepolin
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napolon
	layer_12: a splendid reply said nipoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prern sthandr whed ole thl ben brogt forvert befor te ampetersice to compleeate the shol oftrisneus god not felto ittractes ittention
	layer_4: prun sandru whead ol su beng brought forvwer before the emperersice to compled the sho of risnes couod not fal to attractis ittention
	layer_6: pren sandrew whad also been brought forward before the emperor''s yse to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_8: princandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyse to complete the show of brisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his fate shaon wit el fi tafaction and lasu
	layer_4: heis fase shone with selle ethifaction and plasure
	layer_6: his face showne with sel satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the sosjurs wre cadyd trenandr had notest antakcon the lite goled icon trencers mary had hong rown her brathers nik but eeng the fabre the ampora shod the frisnes the  know hasen toretune the holy inich
	layer_4: the soljurs wead carry friensandrow had notest and aken the litl gold ey con frinces mary had hung rown her brothers nek but seeing the favere the empra shoed the prisiners the ir now hasent to retune the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers whw had carried frince androew had noticed and taken the little gold eie con princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the empere showed the prisoners there know hazened to returned the wholy immage
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried pfrince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: brence anrea did not ee ow in by hom itusre lacst but the lite i con tith its then god chane sadinly aperd apon his chest od sied his younform
	layer_4: prence andruw dit not sea how in by whom itesryplast but the litle i con with its fin goled chan surinly appeared upon his chest out side his younform
	layer_6: prince and rue did not see how an by whom it was replaced but the little eie con with its sfin gold chan suingly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain sudenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: howr gootitherd be to now ver to see fer heal in this lafe and rat expict afftrt be yon the gri
	layer_4: how goodit hard be to no vere to seek fur heale in theislife and walhto expecd aftert beyond the gra
	layer_6: how good it had be to kno vare to seek for help in this life and walht to expect after it beyond the gree
	layer_8: how good it ad be to know where to seek for help in this life and whalht to expect after it beyond the grev
	layer_10: how good it hd be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it houd be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap be ind ca y should be if i goold nouse lord have mote on me
	layer_4: how hapbe an carm a should be if i good nowsy lod have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calme i should be if i good now sa lod have moshy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now sea lord have mercy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now seay lord have merchy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have merchy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i thertwea bol indefinabl in com erhansobe rhuch i kno tonlicanot itresse beuet wi s i cannont ev an extress in words the grat ald or noutting saic he to hinselfe arh to dat gard who hasbeen son into his ammelit by mary
	layer_4: i ther twe po indefinabe in comblehendsiblle whuch i kno tunly c annoed atd tress but which i canot even express in wods the great al or noshing sad he to him self olh to that god who has been sol into this amulet by mary
	layer_6: ither twapow indifinable in compehendsible which i no tunly cannoed attrest but wich i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself o to that god who has been so into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either twu apouw indefinable in comprehensible which i notonly cannot adtress but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself ough to that god who has been so into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to abowr indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot adttres but which i cannot even express in words the great oal or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sown into this amulate by mary
	layer_12: either to a bowr indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot attres but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sowl into this amulate by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: thes traters modon
	layer_4: this traters modon
	layer_6: the straters modon
	layer_8: the straiters mod on
	layer_10: the straiters moved on
	layer_12: the straiters moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit hom life and peasefl happiness of bod heils presended it sele to him
	layer_4: the quit home life and peceful happiness of bol heils presended it self to him
	layer_6: the quit home life and peaceful happiness of bal hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peacful happiness of bal hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of boldhills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: ke i t he nevars pelia subcit said lariy and te lot ry cover
	layer_4: key if the nerves pilia subjit said lary and the loutre cover
	layer_6: key is the nervous birlia subject said lary and wi lotrecover
	layer_8: key is a nervous belior subject said lare and wil not recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous bili subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous pilior subject said larie and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: the to seur you rlof cate un totake
	layer_4: that to so you ril of cos an to take
	layer_6: that to so you will of cos under take
	layer_8: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: then someting hivs happand e has somspesial in foomation somegreate nus
	layer_4: then something has happin he hads som speciale infrmation some great neuws
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: ben blaoki prd it us veden that something had gond roung with him
	layer_4: ween blockapyrd it was evedin that something had gond rong with him
	layer_6: when black ip eared it ws evbden that something had gone rong with him
	layer_8: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when black appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when black appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jisen he most waornd him neer
	layer_4: gon now jusen he most woned him nevear
	layer_6: gone now just ind he mist warnd him never
	layer_8: gone now just when e most warnd him never
	layer_10: gone now just when whe most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when we most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eded triphe etet
	layer_4: eidt tripl eatt
	layer_6: ediat tripl edit
	layer_8: eidiet triple idiet
	layer_10: idiot triple idiot
	layer_12: idiot triple idiot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shald be dis minst dis charts fron the sar yout a dis crase to the furse
	layer_4: you shlld be dismist dis charts from the sa you d ha discrace to the fourse
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharce from the sr your a discrase to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you'are a disgrace to the force
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sa you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sar you are a discrace to the force

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that or you great glutome
	layer_4: it is that or you great glut me
	layer_6: it is that orl you great glu me
	layer_8: it is that or you great glugme
	layer_10: it is that or your great glugmy
	layer_12: it is that or your great glugmy

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentl min made hinsers nis tleasend
	layer_4: mycentle en nad himses nosttleasend
	layer_6: my gentleman made himseles no stleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no spleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself mo pleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself mo pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: berlat any ra for my shein axcetrd
	layer_4: bellet any rat for my sinsicceted
	layer_6: bell at any rat for my since i aceted
	layer_8: berll at any rae for my since i accepted
	layer_10: wel at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: bel at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the fors restraond that ofthe rea ni to trenc iknewi behabsmiss i
	layer_4: we entered the frs restrond that of the reinighto trence iknow it puhaes missiar
	layer_6: we entered the first restront that of the re inite trents e knew it pulhaes mesir
	layer_8: we entered the first restuant that of the reunited trenths you knew it perhaps mosier
	layer_10: we entered the first resauant that of the reunited trants you knew it perhaps mensieur
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants yeu knew it perhaps mensieur

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no feare of him not tol the veary laset wen hupplad me the h eabe ton
	layer_4: i had no feare of him not tol lhe very las whend he plae me thofh eable ton
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not tilthe very last when he plade me thif eble tone
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the evil tourn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the evil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the evil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: ai suspected notthing man hy brut oud his pocke book it as tuft f mes iar i tou thad and wy conionsing creased col forthe rakening and paveird than etarllin band nevt
	layer_4: i suspected mothing wen hy brought out his pocket book it was taft fol th mess ieer i thoug that and my contioncing creasd cal for the reckning and pavet than itarlin banneed
	layer_6: i su spected nothing when he brought out his packet book it was tuged fur t messhere i sthowgh that and my confance increased cal for the reckoning and pabit tan etarlin bandnoed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tugghed for the messer i thow that and my confirence increased call for the reckoning and pay it tan italin band note
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tughed for the mesr i taw that and my confience increased called for the reckoning and pad with an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was toughed for the messer i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excused be one momand pry
	layer_4: excuse be one momendt pray
	layer_6: excuse me one noment pray
	layer_8: excus me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he ben towdme ier and pif fpaef he was no mar to be seen
	layer_4: he tentout meh hieer and pi agf khe was nor more to be seen
	layer_6: he ent out mehier and piffh baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out mansther and piffaf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out methier and piff path he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out mytheer and piff path he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy letim ut of e sit
	layer_4: why let him out of hesiht
	layer_6: wy let him out of hi sight
	layer_8: wy let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: itc as on ly know at the lebeen thar that thit dalyn had becom incl patert and the curestion of his passibll antetrhascep had naver beeng considurt
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven tha that the darlin had become incl pated and the crestion of his possible anidydo has cape had never been considaut
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven tho that they tarlin had become incolpated and the crestion of his possible anxietydto escape had never been considout
	layer_8: it was only now at the levent a that the talin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventh or that the italan had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the leventh our that the tallan had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: he leve evepresing behind
	layer_4: he left evereting behind
	layer_6: he left everething behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: hande to me said the chief and vrena gameinto his hans he began teo tn overtha lahs haledly
	layer_4: handid to me said the chif and wenat came in to his hands he becgan toteurn over the liavets horriedly
	layer_6: handid to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lafs hor riedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leavfs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leavfs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i to not aun dis tand not mor than a bordt hyerd in ther
	layer_4: i to not aun distand not more then a word hearin there
	layer_6: i do not undestand not more than a word here an there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doude tallim
	layer_4: it is no doudye tarliim
	layer_6: it is no doulty tallin
	layer_8: it is no doubt italin
	layer_10: it is no doubt italin
	layer_12: it is no doubt italian

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of gou sute censim it assas hyou have rudiyurself would notthin of souching tires tran othe imeadit na behoad rt of making inquiry s as to vether he had been seen wor as to rich wear he had gon
	layer_4: of go such a can simit as as you have prud iorself would not think of surching the res trond or the immeedid naberhot or of making an quivies as to veather he had been seen or as yo wrhich wear he had gon
	layer_6: of go such a consimite as as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the restron or the immedit neighbourhod or of making inquiveies as to vether he had been seen o as yo which where he had gone
	layer_8: of cos such a consimate ass as you have pruwed yourself would not think of searching the resturant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquirties as to whether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consymate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making enquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consimate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighborhood or of making enquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was e not fora hundred the learter a hurndtred frans and the reatstron bill wrst nw moredh an semindeen frans her
	layer_4: itowas he not fortha hundred learror a hunred frangs and the rethtron balas no more than sementeen frans ha
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lirrer a hundred frangs and the restron belas no more than seventeen frans ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred lirer a hundred francs and the restauron bellost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred leire a hundred francs and the restarant bill lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred leire a hundred francs and the restaurant bille lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wals mutch prestd in a great hourry
	layer_4: he was much presst in a great horry
	layer_6: he was much bressd in a great horry
	layer_8: he was much bressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much breased in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much bresed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: derectle he crath the thrasheld he corie the furs cad and was drine nele but he was tot the dever
	layer_4: derectly he croth the thresheld he carlild the firs cap and was drimve ngovy but he was taped the devel
	layer_6: directly he crashd the thresheult he caled the firstcap and was drivingavay but he was tuped the dever
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devi
	layer_10: directly he crasped the threshold he called the first ca and was driving away but he was topped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crassped the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was topped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: ce ised to pars son to liave her she would notcon tend then they bot gating to the cap and itreven o y to geder
	layer_4: ciwishd to parson to lieve her she would not con ent then they both gord ing to the cap and wetriven of i together
	layer_6: cuwishd to passon to leave her she would not conend than they both go into the cap and wehreven ef itygether
	layer_8: ke wished to pass on to leave her she would not conent then they both got into the cap and wereh riven awayd together
	layer_10: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_12: she wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but tirs sty hosed so whie dis preat wakes in me heart on dout and drad lesd tridining rarmma godend grat iltartsdi jan is timmllad
	layer_4: but dis ti hosd so wide dis pread wakes in my heart one doubt and drad lest tritening rarma god and grat il tards di jan is timl ad
	layer_6: but dis  i host so wide tdispread waks in my heart ane doubt and red lest tratening rama good and grat ill tarts di johnystimol ait
	layer_8: but dis  i host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one dout and read lest treeatening rama good and great ill t arts dijony's tim at
	layer_10: but dis di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart won doubt and read lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts dijonis tim eit
	layer_12: but dis di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart won doubt and read lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts dijonis timol eiht

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: he is my elldist prarder he is lake afatrt e ar to me
	layer_4: e is my eldest prader he is lakifaidate ar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest brade he is like a fidetd heear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest brode he is like a fatat h r to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest broter he is like a father at year to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest brother he is like a father at year to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i cgo do lid my brat ar dens ho maket oard his rescidens
	layer_4: i co to led my brad ar dence ho makest awad his recedens
	layer_6: i co to lead my broad or dance wo makes eward his recidencs
	layer_8: i go to lead my brodt ardance ho makes awoord his residence
	layer_10: i go to lead my brod o dance who makes tawoard his recidence
	layer_12: i go to lead my brod ar dance who makes tawoard his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: noteard bu disti heard should ram ti simpotralt my lebsprocklam
	layer_4: no tard but disti heard should frame thi sympetrout my lepsprockame
	layer_6: notard but disdi heart should fram the simple trut my laps brockain
	layer_8: no tart but this dyheart should frame this simple trut my laps brockwaime
	layer_10: no tart but this ty hart should frame this simple truth my lips broklan
	layer_12: no tart but this ty hart should frame this simple truth my lips broklame

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo ha daws and vart egh to aders pok in prenlys page the day g ot sankuito glowy dad and nid of al tes ky was prai
	layer_4: as goo har dos and vorat eage to arders poke in frendlyspage the day gort sankquith glory dead and nihd ofer all tes ky was prad
	layer_6: as go hados and voret each to ardes poke in friendles spighe the day guad sankquit glowry dead and night overall the skyh was praed
	layer_8: as guadaz and vworat each to ade spoke in friendlys spicgh the dayguad sank uith glory dead and night over all the sky was prad
	layer_10: as guhadaz and varat each to ade spoke in friendlys spech the daygad sank with glory dead and night over all the sky was praed
	layer_12: as guhadaz and worat each to ade spoke in friendly spach the daygad sank with glory dead and night over all the sky was praed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: sun as king has talt fl car hadt cuaut ad all the armi daa whell aonod areot lade his head besit setrukene on abed
	layer_4: son as kingo has tatful car had quat at all the armedayr well honud whoe ot laive his head besid satrukne hon abed
	layer_6: soon as kingho hastaugtful care had quart at all the armider well honad whireot laid his head beside sa rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kinguhas toughtful care had quartt at all the armider well honored wireit laid his head beside satrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as kinguhas thoughtful care had quaurt at all the armidair well honoured while it laid his head beside satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as kingguhas thoughtful care had quart at all the armideire well honoured while it laid his head besides satrugna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thou syng and dhistrest and misery andbetegreve wout fe wuld hart dat mokdrelyve thistrecet yn his mind the che stil marnd and fond noreast
	layer_4: thu syging and this trest and missery and beatergrive wid feard heard dad morked relive thistreced in his mind the chea stillmond and found no rest
	layer_6: thas syging and this trest and misery and btagreve woild fewoord heart dead marked relieve this stracted in his mind the chef still mond and foundt no rest
	layer_8: thu siging and distrest ind misery and beater grieve with fewerd heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mond and found no rest
	layer_10: tu sighing and distresset in misery and beat er grief with feverd heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chif still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thu sighing and distressed an misery and beater grief with feverd heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chif still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: hresd dityus midet i l kep my wch whell romy leis esleea fr in e who whid ad is nan deri to methand rego son
	layer_4: rest detious mind it iol keep my wach while ram y lis aslee for in the whole wh d alld is none deara to met hand reggo son
	layer_6: rest dityas mind it i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleap for in the hole wiewald is none deara to me thand raggo son
	layer_8: rest ditias mind it i oll keep my watch while ramar lies asleep for in the whole wide warld is none dearer to me thand rago's son
	layer_10: rest ditias mind it i ill keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragos son
	layer_12: rest ditias mind it i will keep my watch while ramma lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragus son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: hearbeno doud ogellus far ispe dett wi tauts ncsear four fromna gres whidts he has shom wele glowry on my nae betro greats to o marri challigam andutius farl nawish in va
	layer_4: hear be no douwd or gellos fer i speak detrut athardsin ser for from agras whits he has shome ill glowry on my na be tro greatstor o marit shall i game and dudius form na wish inva
	layer_6: hab no douwd or jellus fer i speak the trut weret harts inser for from he grees whis he has shone oil e gloery on my name be tron great tor of marrit shall i game and dutius form no wish in van
	layer_8: harby no doubt or jealous fear i speak the trut with hart sincere for from the grase which he has shown or th gloery on my name betrown great store of marrid shall i gam and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_10: harby no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grave which he has shown or the glory on my name be trown great store of mariage shall i gain and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harby no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grave which he has shown or the glory on my name be trown great store of mariage shall i gain and dutius form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an faused by many arro a foeors arbod shat and bo for wellef bro mas wy o proid whol lise esle by se du sid
	layer_4: lat me an faused by manyaro a foluwous arblered shaft and bo forwel af ramas we al proide ho lizee sleep by seedor sid
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many ro ar folowrs arblred shaft and bo for well a bramas wal proide ho lizeersleep by seatu side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many ro our followes arbrd shaft and bow for well o brama's whal profied who lies asleep by seato's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row our followers arood shaft and bow for whell lhe bramas wal provid who lies asleep by seatau's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row our followers armood shaft and bow for whell te brama's wale provid who lies asleep by seatar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wit wart lkedes is poe doind dimove to hi sold varats mnd but he apon hist uty bent plied his purslers of argamont o holl counslom bu los myd is whel lownly cou etoid see t a ls de rorld ramer
	layer_4: wit waldts likedese i s pok designd temoved to hig sold vor at's mind but he uppon his duty bend plied his parswuous of argoment oh hol coun slum bu glose myn eys whele lownly coudcedtoit seet ar lis darroild rama
	layer_6: wit walt like dease i spoke designed to moved the hig sold vorret's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuisif arcoment oh how count slumbar close myd eyes whone lowly cous to it ceatour lies daroial drama
	layer_8: wit walt like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorret's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuisive argument oh how can slumbere cloese mighe eyes whine loly couch to t seet our lies deroyal rama
	layer_10: wit walt like these i spoke designed to move the highsold vorret's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuesive argument oh how can slumber close m eyes one lonly couch to eseet our lies de royal drama
	layer_12: wit walt like these i spoke designed to move the highsoled vorret's mind but he up on his duty bent plied his parsuesive argument oh how can slumber close min eyes one lonely couch to ecceet our lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he ho no my todeman now no haveenlagar kand ovetro seego her hol he lis alas would seeter couged on gatet craus
	layer_4: he home no my to teem an now no haveenly gart kan overtro sea goo her how he lie alas woild seeter coulghed on gadet craus
	layer_6: he whom no my deteema now now havenly guard gan overtro see ge her how he liezs a las woitd ceiter coughed on gaded cras
	layer_8: he whome no myg tedeeman now nor havnly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with ctar couched on gaded cras
	layer_10: he whome no migty deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with citar couched on gathered cras
	layer_12: he whome no mity deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies alas with citar couched on gathered cras

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as is son his fast o fl tha king el long wil sollydy raf of his gucin hound for laon ino dood gree dis launded man
	layer_4: now as his sun his fase to flay the king el long wil syoly diy raft of his gudgin hound forlan in odyou greif tis loundwe man
	layer_6: now as his sun his false to fly the king e long will seorly tie reft of his gurdge in hand for lan inuldiat grief this land wil ma
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king erelong will seol die reft of his gudgent hand forlon in udiot grief this land will mar
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will sioli die raft of his gudgein hand for long inudiot grief this land will morn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will sioly die raft of his gudgein hand for long in udiot grief this land will morn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but ea r saet coshol ya how er she and my o mderd noow how fs o king
	layer_4: but arh fo set coshilliar how fire she and my od marded now how fas o king
	layer_6: but ah fae said cociellia how fire she and min owd madder now how fais the king
	layer_8: but ah fore said cauchelia how far she and mine own mader now how faics the king
	layer_10: but ah for said coshelia how fare she and mine own mader now how fais the king
	layer_12: but ah for said coshelia how fare she and mine own mader now how fai is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: i topes uppen setruk neset my mader missor vy basiet but de sat cuenul dy who br do heror for ha gry fhis s
	layer_4: oitopes uppan set rukgne set my mader missarvy besiet but desart quaneul di who bor to hero for her gri his sa
	layer_6: oit hopes upon set rukgna set my mader miss ar vibesyet but the at couanul die who bor te hera for ha grif is saw
	layer_8: oit hopes up an set rugkna set my mader missar vibesiyet but te sat coinuldi who bore da hera for her grief is so
	layer_10: it hopes up and set rugnaset my mater missa vibezyet but the sat qoinul di who bore te hero for her grief is so
	layer_12: it hopes up and set rugnaset my mater misar wi bezet but the sat coinul di who bore te hero for her grief is sow

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: tolay ta king woil cry and conk od by his misery d
	layer_4: to lay ta king wil cry and conkrd by his misery di
	layer_6: to late a king will cry and conqed by his misery die
	layer_8: to late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when fate has brot damonpul da whoudh seese my fadu passoway ow happe indellives ouday alout his fenar a rits to pay
	layer_4: when fad has broud emonful day who d seese my fadar pass erway how happy indelives arday aloud his fenar a drigts to pay
	layer_6: when fad has brogt emonful day who id seeize my father pass away how happy indelives ar day allout his fener al rihts to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mountful day who i sees my father pass away how happy in ther lifes are day alowd his feneral rigts to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who hid sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rightes to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rightes to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thus h horit stodit manyes l amenting and e ny d w ent be
	layer_4: thoes te hor it stoold wi t manyasig lamonting and i nih tw ent by
	layer_6: tdes teorat stoole witch many asih lamenting and  nigh twent by
	layer_8: does the horrad stoold witch many a si lamenting and he night went by
	layer_10: does the forad stoo with many a si lamenting and the night went by
	layer_12: does the forrad stood with many a si lamenting and the night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sad a long amb cave os y was ike elodos leve whrt lin shodur schang and far hi matert prostreatin dispar pal betarlyaflictat he rel dhes anatquak rels itre
	layer_4: when goo her sord a long aumcive o's ey was like aloders live art line shoulldur schrong and far high mattet prostrad in dispar pale betarly a flict et he rel daes in artquake reals attre
	layer_6: when go her sowd a long arm chivf whos eye was like a lodous leafe wa t lian shulders strong and fair high matteld prostrat in despair pale betarly a flicted he realed as in artquake reals atre
	layer_8: when guha sawed a long armchif whose eye was like a lodous leave or t lion shoulders strong and fair high mattldo prostrate in despair pale betarly afflicted he realed as an artquake rel's etre
	layer_10: when guha saw the long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leafe ort lion shoulder strong and fair high mattled to prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he realed as an artquake rel's etre
	layer_12: when guha saw the long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leafe ort lion shoulder strong and fair high mattled to prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he realed as an artquake reel's etre

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: coshlliar by how wor o prest the sensles poritsl n scarest as i fon cow itlloven er carrous as alvfe t younglingder tenyalding to ha wa she seit woping and sore discquitet what tamence o my son udes afsuden pane o swifet doss
	layer_4: cashllia by how war o prest the senseles veratsl ans carest as i fon cow inleloven fer carrusas olf tir youngling dear deanyalding to hawar she sead owiping and saw disquided what tarmentse o my son udes afhs uddin pain ar swift deses
	layer_6: caucilia by ha ware oppressed the senseless vurotslin s carresstd as i font cow inta loven fer carrasses aftr youngling der denialding to ha war she said woeping and saw disquite id what tarments o my son aurdes afsuden pain or swift disas
	layer_8: carshelia by her war oppressed the senseless veratslins caressed as if fon cow in love and fear caresses aft er youngling der denylding to hawa she said weeping and sow disquited what tarm ants o my son ardes af sudden pain ore swift diseas
	layer_10: cashellia by her war oppressed the senseless burrats lins carestd as if on cow in love and fear carresses aft her yungling der genilding to hawa she said weeping and sore disquited what tarmants  my son ades of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_12: cashellia by her war oppressed the senseless burrets lins caressed as if on cow in love and fear carresses aft her yungling deer genilding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants o my son ardes of sudden pain or swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of san all de line the paun di chid ar on ly dime
	layer_4: te lifes of as and alldtline the pand derchild ornt ongly din
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all theline the pan ter child arn only din
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all the line the pan der child arenongly ding
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child ore nongly dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pant dear child are nongly dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ro my luchmen fasto fley i le by nart but seeng d fois e king has past heray dol art my a ly houp to day
	layer_4: ramy luchman faurse to fly i le by not but seeing de for as te king has passt hawray dou art my ally houp to day
	layer_6: rau my luxman forse to flee i lea by nat but seeing de for as the king has passd a way dou art my only help to day
	layer_8: raumyn luchman force to flee i leav by nat but seeing dee for as the king has passed away dou art my only help to day
	layer_10: rama luxhman farced to flee i leave by naght but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tou art my only help to day
	layer_12: rami lucshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: shol me t o cows wheran hilay tellmen e ford he eit i pra
	layer_4: shal ment to couls where arn he lay tell ment a ford he eigte i pray
	layer_6: show mette cows where arn he lay tell me ta fo he it i pray
	layer_8: show me the cows where aun he lay tell me tha forhe ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cows where aunt he lay tell me tha for he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the cowls whereaunt he lay tell me that fort he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: thand camen stel afb jalld in tart he dract t e water luchpan brat an det abeden to his bows he fasterd with his entlf spous
	layer_4: then carmens thel efbjalved in taurt he dranct e water luctman brot and en abedient to his vous he fested with his sentle spous
	layer_6: then calmmon'steel ebjolved in tarht he dranked a water luxmant brauht an ten obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentle spows
	layer_8: then calm on stel abgorved in tat he dranked a watter luchman broaught and en obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentale spowes
	layer_10: then calm and steel absorbed in tat he drank the water luchman brought anen obedient to his vows he fasterd with his gentle spows
	layer_12: then calm and steel absorbed in tort he drank the water lucshman brought anten obedient to his vows he fastered with his gentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he ustanst a tre hitdhs lam them shahe he esedegruse beenit it lae where romyt and his caons utspent do night to gader a de went
	layer_4: he estansete tree whidhs lam them shade he esed egrouss ben it it lade where ramy and his conseod spent de night togader ar iwend
	layer_6: he astandsed ha tree widh sland tam shadthe he ar isd hegrass vinit it ladth whererama and his consodspent te night to geter are e went
	layer_8: heostands tha tree wih slan tem shate hre is thegrass venit it laith where rama and his consolt spent te night to gather ere they went
	layer_10: here stands the tree whith slan tem shade here is dthe grass venet it laid where rama and his consolt spent te night togather ere they went
	layer_12: here stands the tree whith slan them shade here is dhe grass vennet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night to gather ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi sesd
	layer_4: hes seised
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: w wha seetor
	layer_4: wh whay seetr
	layer_6: wher why cater
	layer_8: where why  citr
	layer_10: where whys cit
	layer_12: where why s citr

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scogedo byde a firy got of day hi ondhis my to hal i lay
	layer_4: scogedt wvi tha firy got of ay hih ondhis mi to hill i lay
	layer_6: scolged wby the firey gad of day high on this mi to hill i lay
	layer_8: scolged by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_10: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ach mon aneve he brot me food and filial ca my lye fre ned
	layer_4: each man aneve he brart me food and fillyal care my lifefre ned
	layer_6: each mon and eave he broaght me food and fiial care my life renerd
	layer_8: each mon and et he brought me food and filial care my life renerd
	layer_10: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life rened
	layer_12: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewd

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweived to desowt his cals he bend and pcloaufd i lding allimend
	layer_4: sweived to desoutd his calls he bend and cleghtd ai elding alimend
	layer_6: sweved to thesout his calls he band and cleft thi yielding alimend
	layer_8: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment
	layer_10: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft th yielding alement
	layer_12: sweeved to the sout his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holis perid sof d r came brow me as i marvl da and crid as dear brit lagian smat o sa is seetal leving yet
	layer_4: the wholys perit s of th air came row me as i marvulai and crid as derpbriged legian s mat osay is seato leving yet
	layer_6: the wholes perits of the air came roud me as i marvalair and cried as ther bright legians met isey is seator leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest perits of the air came round me as i marvaltere and cried as their brigde ligian smet oh say is citar leaving yet
	layer_10: the holyst pirits of the air came round me as i marveld tere and cried as their brighde ligians met o say is cita leaving yet
	layer_12: the holiest pirits of the air came round me as i marvell tere and cried as their brigde ligians met osay is cita leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dose cried te sans and tell do nam of fim who hold dhe strugliyg dame
	layer_4: dos cried the sans and tell de name of f im who holed dhe strugling dame
	layer_6: tos cried the sans and tel te name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: dose cry the sans and tell the name off him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dose cry the sants and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dose cry the sants and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten fronto let someparte pad do offerings to his braders shad
	layer_4: ten fronto flood somepartepad do offerings to his brouder shade
	layer_6: en front o flood some party pad due offerings to his broder's shade
	layer_8: ten fronto flood some party paid due offerings to his browders shade
	layer_10: ten fronto flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: ten frontaflood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nides indadlisoon i parsd but's trongling lye oretarnd at last
	layer_4: seven nigdes indadlysan i pasd but's trongling live reatan at lasd
	layer_6: severn nights indadly srn i pased but trangling life retarn at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in dadly san i passed but strangling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in dadly sawn i passed but strungling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in dadly sawn i passed but strungling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a roun t i bant my wan dering vhe but ave ris tat was tra gen ne
	layer_4: i round i bant my won dering ve but eve ris part was trayn gan ne
	layer_6: around i bant my won during vel but everyspart was tran geand ner
	layer_8: around i bant my wandering vel but every spart was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering vee but every spart was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering veel but every spart was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on comrets to dicave i trid and alden the patl hid
	layer_4: on combrets to daccave i cride and allloden the pautl hid
	layer_6: on comretes to the cave i cried and allden the potl hi
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and al udin the portal hid
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and all woudin the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades too the cave i cried and all wouden the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he adow wtospitible ca hast fades what te no blist f pres ervingesabo to dy wit dis dy planteful suply
	layer_4: he adaw witd hospitable ca hast fadis what te no blest fa preserving aus abou to dy wittis di planptiful suply
	layer_6: he ade wit hospitable car hast faders with te noblest fair preserving us a bout to di wit tis dhy plamptiful supply
	layer_8: he ado with hospitable care hast feders with the noblest far preserving us about to die wit tis thy plamtiful supply
	layer_10: he a o with hospitable care hast fees with the noblest far preserving us about to die with tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_12: he a ou with hospitable care hast fedes with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with tis thy plantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how lr piues lati sa may we thi gracyious boorepa
	layer_4: but how wlrl piuslady say may wed thi gracious bmoon repay
	layer_6: but how will pieslady say may wed thy gracius boon repay
	layer_8: but how will pious lady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_10: but how oll pious lady say may we thy graceus boon repay
	layer_12: but how woll pious lady say may we thy gracees boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he sesed thoe asitedae merplid well bonrs amy satas fit
	layer_4: he seased the esiticda erplid whellboners amiy satis fiet
	layer_6: he seazed the esitic dame ereplied well banners a i satisfid
	layer_8: he seazed the asitic dam replied well bannes am i satisfi ed
	layer_10: he ceized the acetic dame replied well banes am i satisfied
	layer_12: he ceized the actic dame replied well banes am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life of oina warkes i leed and frobyoul hansnosovis ned
	layer_4: i life of holy warlks i lead and frobyour hans no sev is need
	layer_6: i life of holy walks i leaved and fro you hands no suvis need
	layer_8: i life of holy walks i leaved and from your hands no serviset need
	layer_10: in life of holy walks i leavd and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: in life of holy walks i leavd and from your hands no service need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhenspikeagim debno cheve we came to dte and folndrelyve
	layer_4: dencepick agaim tabonar chive we came to dy and found relive
	layer_6: dencepick again ta banner chievfe we came to de and found relieve
	layer_8: den spack again te banachief we came to d and found relievfe
	layer_10: dance spake again de banachief we came to d and found relief
	layer_12: dance spake again de banachief we came to d and found relief

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: nowlosen to ead neaum distres and aders hoale voatres
	layer_4: now lisen to a neeu tistress and ades holy woteres
	layer_6: now listen to a new destress and adors wholy wotras
	layer_8: now listene to a new distress and ados holy voteres
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and ades holy voteress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and ades holy voteress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: olar renderingc ind is vas to cave axlset a tie sidgrnee agave
	layer_4: iware randerings ind is vas hi cave exousd a time sugreveargave
	layer_6: ou ar renderings in hisvast y cave exolsd a time segrevar gave
	layer_8: ou er renderings in his vast y cave exhaus o time segreva gave
	layer_10: our renderings in dis vasty cave exhalste time segreva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in dis vasty cave exhalste time segreva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: once mallden laty grandrles an letdy supan sco inpes a gown upn ter eaonspat foalking suravas ir we drt
	layer_4: once ball den lady grandrlease and letti supplien sco inpes agawn upun dter erans pet falking sagreve as ir we drad
	layer_6: once ballden lady drandrelese aund let tisupplien eco in pease agan upon ther aranse ped flking segreve usir we drad
	layer_8: once maldan lady grant relese and let tisupplince go in pase agan upon der eraunt's ped folking sagrieve azia we dread
	layer_10: once maldn lady grant relis and let disupplients go in peace agan upon der eraunt's ped folking segri vazia we dread
	layer_12: once molldn lady grant relis and let dhisuppliencs go in pease agan upon der eraunts ped folking segri vazia we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and e grea tousk oalasolren set alousis iuna complashedyt
	layer_4: and a great tousk oreasol ren set allos is ana complishediyad
	layer_6: and a great task ofa so ren set elas is aneccomplished yed
	layer_8: and the great task of a sorine set alas is unaccomplished yed
	layer_10: and the great task of a sarinset alis is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task of a sarin set alis is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howlt his watsra andrave tar thit ach crast at way v
	layer_4: and howled his waters hral and rave tarryfick oi t ach crasst erd wayve
	layer_6: and hawled his waters hral and rave tarific wore to each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holed his waters thral and rave tarific or to each crast at wave
	layer_10: and howled his waters thraw and rave terific or to each crast at wave
	layer_12: and howled his waters traw and rave tarific or to each crast at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: da mont is lost in tile and pan and now my frenswat hoesre mand
	layer_4: temant as lost in tail and pain and now my frens wat hopesre mand
	layer_6: the mant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes reemaine
	layer_8: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_12: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds wit strong e fecti on frat he is wil in ave relabu salt and te tru veler of er band was bleasandwid i adre land
	layer_4: your houdts whitstrung a fection frout he his wel in avrelabu sout and tha tre veller of your band was bleasand wide inadry land
	layer_6: your houds wid strong afflection frat he is wil in everylabur souht andthe tru velor of your band was blasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your horts wih strong afflection frot he is will in every labor sougt and the tru valor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hords with strong afflection fraght heis will in every labor soght and the true valor of your band was pleasand wide in every land
	layer_12: your hoarts with strong afflection froght heis will in every labor soght and the true valor of your band was pleasand wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: com let asall fromfro depstan and parrishdas since hop is van
	layer_4: come let ars all from food ebstain and parish tes since hope is van
	layer_6: come let us all from food abstain and parishd des since hope is van
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and parish dues since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish dus since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish dos since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: far batar ders to and olalivves an leve allreoud a homsand wvs leyve ovadea litind wons and al den by hise vageful hand to fo
	layer_4: farbat ar ders to and oalives and leave allreldt ar homes and whives lave ofr dea littenl onse and all den by his vangeful hand to fol
	layer_6: far batta durs to and ouf ar lives anleave aull relt oure homes and wives lave of a dea little anse and al dem by his vangehful hand to fa
	layer_8: farbattardos to end our lives and leave oul welt our homes and wives lave of dear little ons and al dem by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batterdos to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave of dear little onts and all dem by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batterdos to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave of dear little once and all demn by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: ove a forfed lives in saypa for idensoch an lan de la oan thaue a feres king wil bete as dy the fhaveer of his rend to b
	layer_4: of a forfit lives in sharly pa for idonsoach an long te lay ond ho a feyursking will beetars dy the favar of his friend to by
	layer_6: af ar forfit lives in sharly pay for idon sorch andlong te lay and ta arfrs king will beades die the favour of his friend to by
	layer_8: of ur forfeid lives in hurely pay for idon search a long delay and touofros king will bed as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_10: of our forfeid lives win surely pay for idon' search are long delay and our fros king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: of our forfeid lives win surely pay for idon' search ar long delay and our feros king will beat us die the favor of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: thentos solispaketo chr the bonhers hoit suprest by he thispar no mor yoo doute dispol comen dhesampl cabon do
	layer_4: then tar soflyspake to chr the bonher's hotsup presst by hr this pa no moo your douts dis pell commin thesample caon del
	layer_6: then taa sofless pake to cher the bornner's hots oppressed by fer this pare no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavrn dwel
	layer_8: tden tara softly spake to cheer the barner's hats oppressed by fer dispar no more your doubts despell come in this ample cavrn twell
	layer_10: dentaa softly spake to cheer the barner's hats oppressed by fear despar no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavn dwell
	layer_12: den tara softly spake to cheer the barner's hats oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispell come in this ample cavern dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: dow fon lyhelperst indis cav the vangan sof te fo to bra
	layer_4: tou fonly hupest intiscave thevangien s of the fo to bra
	layer_6: doure founly hopesed in discave the vangiance of the fo to brath
	layer_8: thou fondly hopest in discave the vangeiance of the fo to brate
	layer_10: thou fondly hopest in thiscave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou fondly hopest in thiscave the vengeance of the foe to bratve

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucxthmoncs am is sharlol wiltd saend oftadle shavts dls walds torend
	layer_4: but luckhments arm s sharolwith send of tadlyshaets tlls warlds to rend
	layer_6: but luxments arm ashaare wilh send af dadly shaft stills wallds to rend
	layer_8: but luchmon's arm i shawa wil send of dadly shaft stills wallds to rend
	layer_10: but luxhman's arm is shawa wil send of deadly shaft stals wals to rend
	layer_12: but luxshman's arm is shawa will send of deadly shaft stals walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: thy loveing caensmen tru wone wies nok s onetayu s tal it fabering is
	layer_4: thy loving cainsman true wun wise noks onetus tal wit fabering eies
	layer_6: thy loving censman true on wis no kes on ta se tal with fabouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loving kensman true onewise knoks unda's tal with fabouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kensman tru unwise noaks un da's tal with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kensman tru unewise noaks un des tal with favoring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he hold daprics fere us trat he so his eies glo feoursy reat
	layer_4: he hold ta prises feryas trat he saul his eyes glow fersly ret
	layer_6: he hald to pricess feurioustrat he saw his eyes glo fersly ret
	layer_8: he hauled ta princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiorcely red
	layer_10: he hauled ta princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_12: he hauled ta princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: saft i spran damoerto his fed abstarding fro is goldond seet
	layer_4: siftd sprangtamoer to his fed obstarding fro his goldend seed
	layer_6: serft s prang a monok to his feet obstarding from his goldend seat
	layer_8: seft spreng de monork to his feet obstarding from his golden seat
	layer_10: sift sprang de moork to his feet up starding from his golden seat
	layer_12: swift sprang de monork to his feet upstarding from his golden seat

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: in grat ful bonercing  d an fatelesto ti plited w
	layer_4: on greatwull boner king ar do and fatless to di plithed o
	layer_6: ongratfull boner king aur daw and fatles to diplied advo
	layer_8: on grateful bonnar king ar dow and fateless to d i pli dtadvow
	layer_10: ungrateful boner king ar dou and fateless to di plyted vow
	layer_12: ungrateful boner king ar dow and fateless to di plite vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ifty pried deson wat he hi talte prin sas tun fort strok by his aos shal dol fol and baly med i yal o's hol
	layer_4: thow if di pried desown what he hi taltet prin says tun forte struck by his arrows shalto foal and baly met in h yama's hol
	layer_6: no if di pride tesone what he hi talted princse as done fortee struck by his arrows shaltou fall and barly meat inthyama's hal
	layer_8: now if di pride tezon what he hi talted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shallt ou fall and barly meat inyuma's hal
	layer_10: now if dy pride de zon what he high taulted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and baly meat in yuma's hal
	layer_12: now if di pride de zon what he high taltered prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and barly meat in yumas hal

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: stil opm to d a glo me god lysed o san pat di brot a trd
	layer_4: still opin to the glo me go lied o san pat i brod ar trad
	layer_6: still open to the glomy god lisd a san pant di brode trod
	layer_8: still open to the glomy god lies te sand pat thi broter trod
	layer_10: still opun to the gloomy god lies the sand pant ty broader trod
	layer_12: still opun to the gloomy god lies the sand pant ty broader trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then todiapirtet wa to be tro nol lat distepestet poarto porso
	layer_4: then to di pli dhed al d be tre no lat di s tepstat pout porso
	layer_6: then to di applie tet wald be true no lat tisteps tend port pursu
	layer_8: then to dhiaply dthen word be true nor let thi steps the pourt pursu
	layer_10: then to thi apli the wold be true nor let thy steps ta pout pursue
	layer_12: then to thi appli thed wold be true nor let thy steps tan pot pursue

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: hi seesd an tar a story id tos todo en reprins replit noto my lod shouds dowe trese ispch so frot woito betonese not t asrproaghedo my no shud ba a listof al lo prin spite
	layer_4: hes seased antaraus tarry eid tes to d enreprins ereplid noto my lod shoulds dow etress espeach so frout wi to be tenes not tdas reproagedo my lo should bay and list of allo prin spyde
	layer_6: he seazed an tarras tarry eyed toes to the enry prince replied not to my lord should douattres espegh so frout oi to bee to neasce not does reproachedo my lord should be and list of all o prine pby dee
	layer_8: he seazed antarah'stary ed dose to the enry prince replied not to my lord should thou atdtress aspech so froud or  beatones not dos reproach t my lord should be unlist of all o prince by dthee
	layer_10: he ceazed and tara tary eyd tus to the enry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so proult ort beatones not dos reproachto my lord should be unlist of all ou prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceazed and tara starry eyd tos to the engry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speach so prout ort beatones not dos reproacht my lord should be unlist of all ou prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from pat suftru hin tave as tras no vandrs in falbydend ways
	layer_4: from partsuftroo in navers tras na wanders in folbid and was
	layer_6: from parts ave true he nevurstras no wanders in falbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts afe true he never s tras nor wonders in folbid and ways
	layer_10: from parts are true he never s trays nor wonders in falbiden ways
	layer_12: from parts are true he neverstrays nor wonders in falbidend ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: therevol si revus hart woket by ra mo saved ther lasting dept
	layer_4: thervvout il sire oas heard faccet by rabmu saved the lasting depet
	layer_6: neevar will sorivous heart focet by ralma saved the lasting deped
	layer_8: never will son rivo's heart foket by rama saved the lasting dept
	layer_10: never will son revos heart forket by ramar sav'd the lasting debt
	layer_12: never will son rivos heart foqet by ramar saved the lasting dept

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: restope to fa by rae os gras to apir ovrd abaner ras from seinsdis drad and ctil set ree restol teroumr an tome by grefen care and excile trid nhel to d a bes so langted nit ly vhe sho e d a wons alos he makdot howd o sensns pas
	layer_4: restot to fae by ram a's gras to empir ovrthabone ras fromsensel hes drad and til sat fre restoult to rumer and to me by greea an car and exil trid nel to tha liss so long ted nit lig ve sho mitro ons alous he margs ot how ha sensancs pous
	layer_6: restoe to fame by ramars gras to empire over ther barne rais from sinsles dread and toil sat free restoled te roumer and to me by grif and care and exile tried kneeal to the blis so long de night like thisamitero ons alows he marks not how the sensan's pows
	layer_8: restoe to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barner rays from seinsless dread and toils sat free restoed te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denight like the hamigro once alous he marks not how the senson's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's graves to empire over the barner rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long denight like the shamitro once allows he marks not how the sanson's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's graves to empire over the barner rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long de night like the shamitre once allows he marks not how the scanson's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the matron subet a vaner ras sae malks of fery idive fas day se din eys laike blot uret anedot yet be co fatt
	layer_4: the matron subet a vanaras sa m orgs of fery in dive fas dhey see dine eyse like blod iread and wldot yet becom fouterd
	layer_6: the matrin sofbthe vaner rase sa mogs of fery in die fase they see dineyes like blood i red and will not yet become fougterd
	layer_8: the matrons of te vanar rays symags of fury in die phas they see dine eyes like blood aire read and will not yet become foterd
	layer_10: the matrons of the vaner rays symaks of fury in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become foterd
	layer_12: the matrons of the vana rays semags of fury in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become folterd

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: she sest an luchmen gave esent wan by har joun d argamant
	layer_4: she seesed and luchman gave a send wane by har jountdl argamant
	layer_6: she seized and luxman gave asent ne by her jountal argament
	layer_8: she seized an luchman gave a scent wone by her gountal argument
	layer_10: she seized and luchman gave assent one by her gountal argument
	layer_12: she seized and lucshman gave assent one by her gountal argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so torospeting just and mild he is soffuenin cat hadrecon silb
	layer_4: so toos pleding just and mild he his soffening hart had reconsilb
	layer_6: so toras pleding just and mild he his sofftening hart had reconcild
	layer_8: so tara's pleading just and mild hiis softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so taran's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: thet heros sied i will lot leouv but he dthe conuest shal e che youe
	layer_4: the her ow side i will not leve but he ha conquest shall a chve
	layer_6: the heros side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the heroe sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the heroe sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sosetrang a do so bray v and bod so peori tolt so humbo sed that dou des elvrst wellt ran and al ey monrespisto gan
	layer_4: so strong ar dar so bravand bold so pior ien tolt so humblsod te dou deserverst welto raine and alll ley moneroxpless to gane
	layer_6: so strong our da so brave and beld so piore in taulgt so humble sold tha du deserveurst wel to rain and all te monerxplise to gain
	layer_8: so strong aur dog so brave and beld so pre in tault so humble sould tha thou deservest well to rein and all t monrxplic to gain
	layer_10: so strong aurt to so brave and beld so pre intat so humble sold that thou deservest well to reign and all te monorc bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong art do so brave and bold so pre intaut so humble sold that thou deservest well to reign and all te monoric bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: tha dow bmy brouder aed an al he is foseben it his om wl fo
	layer_4: than tiw bmy brader ad and al he is fose benit his orm wll fo
	layer_6: lan ouw my broder aid and all he is fos binit his arm will fal
	layer_8: lantow my brother aid and all hes foes bennit his arm will fall
	layer_10: lanta my brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lantaw my brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: what ever hand it was the chot doun burben rom after his dagh was plundered devistated and rabrged by redl greety  les senchus and fu natical sultrk
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rom after is dagh was plundered devistated and rabaged by  brutal gredy lescencious and fanatical solter
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his deafh was plundered devistated and rabaged by a brutal greedy lesentious and panatical soltier
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutol greedy liscentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefor fore the future riatust nothing at all but upoinhtus the time and place of nmeding and lwll bring ore sord fore yu to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in figting shall be yuars seing that ene at coms to an an couter there is n end of  all rightin
	layer_4: wherefore for the future rigtus nothing at all but appointus the time and place of meeding and leull bring our sord for yuw to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in figting shall be yors seeing that when iat comes to an incounter here is an end of all rigting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future ritust nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yoours seeing that when it comes to an incounter there is an end of all riting
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: ser anserd thi spanured promit mated do my offis and sa what the emperhs chargd me to say
	layer_4: sir andswered the spanued perm it meted do my office and say what the emper has charg me dto say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniared permit me to do my office and say what the emper has charge me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will nat lisenedo the said friancsis if thoudna first give me apatan tined by thi master contaning in uplint ment of time and place sir i have ordrse t ree yu the c ar tell and givit you aftrwars
	layer_4: na i will that listendto the said fraencis if thoudonot first give me a patent sin by thi master contaning in appointment of time and place ir i have orders to red u tha cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: nay i will not listened to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signe by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to reed you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: burginty thelt being put out begin agan seir
	layer_4: burgandy thougt being put out begain again sir
	layer_6: burgandy thout being putout began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said frances i will notsuffer him de speto med befor his given me upointme toftimeons leacs
	layer_4: na said frances i will not seffer him to speak to me before his given me upoint ment tof timean tlace
	layer_6: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me appointment of time in place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before h as given me appointment of time and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givit me o return as thou istd com
	layer_4: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i ame quit willing sau beking let himhat it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said theking let him hat it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pes of cambriy wast cald the lades pece in uner of the to princeses who ad goshated it the moraly different an of veriy anty ql waorth they both had mineds of ar rare order and traneda rece nise politocl the cessids and not to at tempt any but possibl sexcests
	layer_4: the piece of cambri wasd caled the ladys peace in unor of the two princesses who had gochated it the moraly different and a very unequal worth they both had mines of a rar order and trained o reco nise politticl the cessits and not to attempt any but possible successets
	layer_6: the piece of cambry wascalled the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who hadngociated it theg morailly different and a very un equal worth they both had minds of a rar order and traine to recognize political necessituds and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambra was called the ladiespiece in honour of the two princesses who hadaegotiated it thog morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traine to recognize political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambera was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of cambera was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great pl tlit calactrseemd hurying aay from the stage as if the dramawer  prothingatet hend
	layer_4: all the great politicolactor seemed hurying away from the stage as if the dramawere proching its tend
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: in fiftinsixtyto at the battl of dro he was aged an so ill bthat nonexpecte do ce him mon horsphe
	layer_4: infifteen sixty to at the battle of drew he was aged and so illd that none expected docee him on horspar
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that nune expected to see him on horsepa
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsebar
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save lnlyhis head answered him rigt wel sir tisis the rell metison that hafhcured me for the batto which es toward and u prparing for the oner of god in our cam
	layer_4: he fully arm save only is head answered him right well sir this is the real medison that hafe cured me for the batol which is toward and up prparing for the hner of god and our camp
	layer_6: he fully arm save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medisn that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and ap preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him writ well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him write well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him write well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladis pese concoudedi cambry an ifeteene toy nine lasted up to fiftemn thirty six insessently troubled te however by farfrompacif excemptims prceedings and purperatioens
	layer_4: the lady's peace concuded a camberi and fifteem twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six insessently troubled the however by far from psifeccemptims proceedings and prparations
	layer_6: the ladis peace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessently troubled  however by far from pacific simptims proceedings and peparations
	layer_8: the lady's peace concluded a cambera in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the lady's pece concluded at camberay in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladi's peace concluded at camberai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at las whe te site upon retreeating
	layer_4: at las he decited upon retreating
	layer_6: at las he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was gars alaso dilleviga the prince of spanish posy the spanishd pecturrk a cording to hs fello contrmen
	layer_4: it was garsealaso dillaviga the princ of spanish posy the spanished pretchurark acording to his fellocountrimen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso dilaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished prechrark according to his fellow countroment
	layer_8: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanishe pectharkh according to his fellow countryment
	layer_10: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garsilaso delavega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momer anehe simneda simler one forped m
	layer_4: momer untes signd a simlar one for ped m
	layer_6: momarenci signd a similar one for ped ma
	layer_8: momarenci signed a similar one for pedma
	layer_10: momarenci signed a similar one for pidma
	layer_12: momarenci signed a similar one for pidma

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they al repared togother to the house propard for ther re seption and afterdinner the emper being tiredd lay dounda rest on ecoucth quen ellener befor long went antapted his dor and sent ord to the king the the emper was awai
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house propared for their wereseption and afterd dinner the imperr being tired lay downd erest on a couch queen elener before long went antapted his door and sen ord to the king that the emperor was awak
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went andtaped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent ord to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent words to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: frances with he carinald the larn ad the constible ta le mor antcy sonirived
	layer_4: francis with the carnald the larain and the comstible themle more ency sonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal dhe larin and the constable to mo morency soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal the loreine and the constable do mumorenci soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the conftable de mmorenci soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de loran and the constable de mumorenci soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: un entering the chamber he fon the emperor stil lang dowun and chating with his siste d queen howasee ded bhesied him mon the chair
	layer_4: onentering the chamber he fhoun the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sistee hequeen ho was seeded beside him on a chare
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperer still lang down and chadding with his siste de queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charls i had made such cher tat i was a blidge to sle pit of
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cher that i was obliged to sleepit ofth
	layer_6: yes said charls i had made such cheear that i was oblaged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: francested the conbers with his own coller
	layer_4: ferencested the conbers with his own color
	layer_6: feranc stid the conbers with his own colar
	layer_8: faranc stoid the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attendens remained in the emperschamber and there the two savrencs converstd fur an houer after which they moved to te hall where splended super awaited the
	layer_4: only sevend of the attendentes remained in the emperors chamber and there the two saverens converst for and houer after which they moved to the hall wher a splended super awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendance remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gentes pleeded their priblage of not being lible to betaxet with ut their ond consent
	layer_4: the gainties pleaded their privblage of not beeing lible to betaxd with out thei r ownd concent
	layer_6: the ganties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had beencent evrwor to wrece him as kings of frances a receved oun ther joyous asesh
	layer_4: orders had ben sent everywer to were sive him as kings of france a received on their joyus asesshn
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous asession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of franc are received on their joyous assession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: lilluch guas a doihtful child
	layer_4: lilutchgo was  do itful child
	layer_6: lelutch go was a dewigtful child
	layer_8: lolatchga was a deightful child
	layer_10: lolutchka was a delightful child
	layer_12: lolutchke was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: the was now ther such chid thern over hadbein and ther never wildpy
	layer_4: thre was now ther such child ther nover hadbeen and thei never wuldby
	layer_6: there was now ther such child ther never had been and ther never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: wllech is mother sarehy mowcenm jrove no wis sherf that
	layer_4: wel lech gas mother sarfe m aleccen jrovena was shure of that
	layer_6: lo lechgas mother sarfem aleccanjrovna was sur of that
	layer_8: lolechka's mother sarphema alexanddrovna was shure of that
	layer_10: lolexhka's mother saraphema alexanddrovna was sare of that
	layer_12: lolechka's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolchis eys wheredarkn lrge her cheekes rrosy herloprmad forecisses an frlafte
	layer_4: lolich his eyes were dark in large her cheks a rosy her looked rmade forkisses and for lafter
	layer_6: lolich his eyes were dark in large her cheeks ar rosy her looped her made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: lolech h's eyes were dark and large her cheeks ar rosy her lips ere maide for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lolech's eyes were dark and large her cheeks aere rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lolech's eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but t was not these himes nalluchcet the gave her mother the keeinestroy
	layer_4: but it was not lese charmes nwi luchgt the gave her mother the keen es jroy
	layer_6: but it was not lhease charms and waluchgod the gave her mother the keenes jroy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms in mlechgoo that gave her mother the keenes jroy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms in mwelechga that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in welechga that gave her mother the keenest jroy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she holt cold with her husben
	layer_4: she thout cold with her husban
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he is o ys fression cole withe friged smil nd  wherver he past cold curenceintromoven the are
	layer_4: he was al as freshi an cool with a frigeed smile and wever he past cold curanceeme to moveen the aire
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a friged smile and whever he passed cold curent seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passetd cold currente seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passetd cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passet cold curraent seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seeme dac sar e fe mat out sen drvano that she was and lobeither fe teresben and thist mate her happy
	layer_4: it even seemed a serfee mat alan droveno that she was an lu wit heir feujre asban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atseirafema al an drovna that she was in love with her future husban and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to at sarapema alexan drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed t aaraphema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to aaraphema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the bra was tal si gi looking she was a thal  darkiede dar c head gro some mhut tim ind but ter tactful
	layer_4: the brad was al s good looking she was tha tall  dark iede dark eird gr some whot tim de but very taptful
	layer_6: the brad was also good looking she was a tall  darkeyd dark hared girol some whant tomid but very tacptful
	layer_8: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_12: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had conections and his wife cim of good invlanshal people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvl enchall people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good imnfoentiall people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infollential people
	layer_10: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this mighde ot the praroprtunity pruov ucl
	layer_4: this miht at the proper opertunity provusfl
	layer_6: this might at the proparoportunity prov usul
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marige there was nothing io the maner of sargi lfte stovached sugjust anything ron to his wife
	layer_4: after thei mariage there was nothing in the manner of sargam lotv er stovacge to sugust anything rong to his wlife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of cargam let a stovace to suggest anything wrong to his wlife
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergm letastovich to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serga letastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of serga letstovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later howver when his wive was bou to hava child sirgame othe stovich e staulish conections elsewer of he ligete intemrary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wife was bouto have a child sargame wo the stovich ustaubblish connections elswer of the light intemperary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child cargammwoa the stovich es stablish connections elsewere of the light intemporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergamoaastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge madastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge modastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: sarefevwa alc en drovana foun the such an do herownistoshmen s noperta ula li her she waded her infent withe restlissento supation ta swallowd evereother feing
	layer_4: serfeema alexs in jrovenau found the souch an to her own isdonshment as not prto culowle her she waited her infint with a resless entisipation that swalowed every other feling
	layer_6: serfhema elex end drovena found the souch and to her ownestonihmen was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a resless andtisipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: sorphema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infinit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: soraphema alexandrovna found the souc and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: soraphevma alexandrovna found the souc and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: sarefi g alcsundrom nejifted far ther and far the rwa from him
	layer_4: sarfmat alexend jrovm nejifted farther and farther awa from him
	layer_6: sarphema elex and jromnegifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarphema elexan dromna gifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: sarphema alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: sarphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: wlech goo thenran away stambing with her plomep littae legs ereveir the carpets and hatter slf behine the curtan's nare her bed
	layer_4: whe luch good then ranaway stambing with her plump little legsover the carpets and hiderself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_6: elutchgod then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hitherself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: l letchgo then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: luletchka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpet and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: luletchka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: way ias my ba be giro the mother a sis sh lok frl oluch gun mayd bolievd that she dd not se her
	layer_4: where i's my bay be girl the mother asi she looked frilla luch gon may believe that she dod not se her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother ass as she looked filaluchan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked fori lalachka may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelachka and may believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelachka and may believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came at a lit ta farther and her mother aser she had onlejus cut site of her seesed ther by her little sholters in exclame juyau sly har sheis my la lechgap
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as ore she had onlegius cught site of her seesed her by her little sholders in exclame joously her she is my la lechgu
	layer_6: then she came at a little farther and her mother as though she had only joust caught sighte of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is mylaluchca
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalacha
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may lalachka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glowd itdpassion intamotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with pasion it amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionad amotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her yther wuent to hid
	layer_4: her mother wont to hid
	layer_6: her mother want do hide
	layer_8: her mother want to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: tll letch god trned aways thou no cho se but wathhomm emuch ce stoutfully al the time
	layer_4: wlo luch good turned aways thou nucha sea but whatchre mamuch a stouthully al the time
	layer_6: li lutch goud turned aways though not ha see but watched her mamochca stuhily all the time
	layer_8: lilachka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka steouthily all the time
	layer_10: lolashka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_12: lulashka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: whers mamo much ger as la luchca
	layer_4: where is mameen muchga as lea lutchca
	layer_6: where is mayme a machga ase loluchca
	layer_8: where is memamachka asked lalachka
	layer_10: where is mema mathka asked lalachka
	layer_12: where is mama mashka asked lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a snild asoli blis plade on her redlips
	layer_4: a smileot absolie blis plaite on her readlips
	layer_6: a smileof absolubliss playd on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile ofd absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: lech kose getting ner her mother's conon
	layer_4: h lechgos getting nere her mother's cone
	layer_6: h letch goeas getting near her mother's coner
	layer_8: letch goe's getting near her mother's cornner
	layer_10: let go's getting near her mother's corner
	layer_12: lets go's getting near her mother's corner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: heom mothere was guryin mor obsorbed evy momant by her enterest an the ginge her hart beat with shrt quikxtroke son she prest even closer sho the wall do sarainging her har s dill mor
	layer_4: her mother was gring mor obsorbed every moment by her intrest in the gaie her heart beat with short quick stroks and she prest even closter to the wall to suranging her hair still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: wut lech ca seddnly glancs trt er mothers coarner anhgreen did joy
	layer_4: wut lech ca suddenly glance toart her mother's coarnern greemdoth joy
	layer_6: but letchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and creemed wuith joy
	layer_8: butlechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy
	layer_10: but letchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: butlechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: srog the hav claes dos he her the lafter the joyse aut cis the sound o romphing
	layer_4: thouh the have clas dos he her the laugter the joyce ot crise the sound of romping
	layer_6: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyouce outcries the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even forodosyifthelt to bashd nover he misteres towfor herselvf
	layer_4: even fodosyathelto bashed no ver her misteres naw for herself
	layer_6: even padocia thelt a bashed now vor her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he like coming hyar where averything was beautfly rangeed this was don by sare f malxendroven who wishd a surounder loittle gir from herbvery inancy only woitd the lovglyusthings
	layer_4: he liked coming har where everything was beautifly aranged this was done by sarefemaleccendrovena who wish tos sirround her little girl from her very inpancy only with the loveliaus things
	layer_6: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarpema aleccendrovna who wishd to turound her little girl from her very invancy only with the loveliust things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexan drovna who wished to saround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarvete moucsan dro ne drest herself tasefuly thist she did forl a luchga would te same and in bou
	layer_4: sarvethy mealcsand drom n a drest herself tasefully this too she did forla luchga woulh the same and in vioeu
	layer_6: sarhym alx and dromen i dressed herself tastefully this too she did for loaluchga woith the same and in view
	layer_8: syrathima alexandromna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalachka with the same end in view
	layer_10: syrathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for laolatshka with the same end in view
	layer_12: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolatshka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sairgam ot a stovitch had not pecomerkcan siuto and this was his wies omus contine oes presence in the nerstery
	layer_4: one thing sargae ut astovich had not become rkcand siled to and this was his wipes omus contine ous presence in the nursory
	layer_6: one thing sr gaemotostovitch had not become rkonsiled two and this was his wifes oalmust continuoust presence in the nurstery
	layer_8: one thing srgamorystovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serga morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it' s cjeust es it fhotineu that tiad find u hear he said withthe diras ivin condesending smil
	layer_4: it's juest as i thought inkew that ad find you here he said with a dirisiven cond ecanding smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deraziv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a durizivand condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivin condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivin condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: narl you see that the child e ould felits own indo bi duallity heexlaind in anser decaer fy te outsenjur of nes puzsled lancs
	layer_4: mearly you se that the child ould felas own intdobideality hexclaind in answer desarfe a alt sandr of ness puzzle glance
	layer_6: merely you see tlhat the charl sould feel its own intobiduality he explained an answer da carpfea alc sendjur ofna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to seraphima alexendrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to syraphema alexandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphema alexandrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she stal so littl said sare fy me illecin yrove
	layer_4: she still so little said sarfy ma alexcin jrove
	layer_6: she still so little said sarfhema elex enjrova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphema alexan drova
	layer_10: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i dountinsist itsurakingdom heer
	layer_4: i doun'tinsist its your king dem heer
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: ofthin ced over his wife answor smiling as he ded caold le but ganaly
	layer_4: oufthin k et over his wife answere smiling as he did coldly but genaly
	layer_6: 'l think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but geneually
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they be gand ho tark ofh someting uls
	layer_4: then they began e talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistere stesit whil that' one thaim but that theyun lady dos itd thats bid
	layer_4: that the misterestes it while that's one thim but that the young lady dos it that's bad
	layer_6: that the misteress tdoesit while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the misteress does it wile that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: whi es fe dosyoth cariusity
	layer_4: why as fodosyo th cariosity
	layer_6: why aske pidocioith curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fidosio ith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidosiao with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fidosia with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thesuxpession a cariusida gave her face tof look t of  woodin rugfly pan tod dall
	layer_4: thi s uxpression a caryosita gave her face the look of a wouod in roughtly pain to dall
	layer_6: this expression o curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden rougfhly pain to dall
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly painte doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes thats bid repetetagoio it ton viction teridbly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeted agotyo ih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated ta gaioich onviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated agahyoich conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated agahyo with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated agahyo with conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true fime saing were mumber my wor sagac ha wen on rt the samneas surans an secerecy
	layer_4: it's the truw thime saing were member my word s agackya wen on with the same a shuransand secrecy
	layer_6: it's the true time sing weremember my words agaka went on with the same ashurane and secresy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sang remember my words agaphia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: its the surst sin
	layer_4: its the surest signe
	layer_6: it's the shurest sign
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the woman had in vented thes sine quiht sudenly herselt and she was evidently very prowrt of i
	layer_4: the uld woman had nvented thes signe quite suddenly herselfh and she was ev idently very prout of it
	layer_6: the old woman had envented thes sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mat a matum she said quintlean a chembling wice
	layer_4: mat a madtum she said quintly an a chembling voice
	layer_6: madta madam she said quiently in a crembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quiently in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madame madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madame madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: sar fe m olexin jrvbn ga e start
	layer_4: sarfe ma alexs and drovan i gavee start
	layer_6: sarfem alec and drovani gave a start
	layer_8: saraphema alexand dovana gave a start
	layer_10: saraphema alexanddrovna gave a start
	layer_12: saraphima alexanddrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: thu osisfacemage her anchius
	layer_4: tu dostes face mate her anctious
	layer_6: phedotius face made her anxious
	layer_8: vedocia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: fedociu's face made her anxious
	layer_12: fedociu's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: whut is it fi o sia she as what grea consam as er rnyting rong wa elluchkalp
	layer_4: what is it fidosia she as with grea ansrn as er anything rong wit goe luchga
	layer_6: what is it fidocia she ase with gre concern as thereanything wrong with li luchka
	layer_8: what is it fhidosia she asked with greakt concern as there anything wrong with leluchka
	layer_10: what is it phidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with llashka
	layer_12: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lolashka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: now matoum said fidosi she justiuladed with her hanse to reasure himistres and ta make ere si down
	layer_4: no matum said fidosias she justiculaded with her handse to reassur her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_6: no madam said pidocia she justiculated with her hands to reassur her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madam said fhidosia she esticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidosias she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said phidosias she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: theluch kas the sleet mak id be with her
	layer_4: the lech as a sleet make god be with her
	layer_6: the lech as asleep may e god be with her
	layer_8: the letch as asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the letchek as asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the letchk as asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: onley ad likc to sa ceomething ye see wilelech cas awas hiding erself that as not kod
	layer_4: only ag like to say something you see wlillutchgas always higting orself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'd like to say something you see wli luchgoes always higding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see lilachgo 's always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see lilashka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see lilatshka is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: at cant tell youd how batites said fidose ya and her facexpressd the mostosieed comfidenc
	layer_4: i can't tell you how battit is said fidohya and her face expreas the most to cided confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bat it is said padosia and her face express the most decited confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how ba it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: i d er sain nothing awoea you ra sayng
	layer_4: inder san nothing a boat you r saing
	layer_6: i understand nothing of but you are saying
	layer_8: understand nothing o bhat you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mat a mits a cendof omen explains fidorse r bruply and a shame facitd way
	layer_4: he see mada mits a kind of oman explains hidose a bruply and a shame facead way
	layer_6: he see madta mit'sa kind of omen explains pidosiabruptly and a shame face id way
	layer_8: yo see mada mit's a kind of omen explaineds virdosia bruptly and a shame faced way
	layer_10: yo see madam it's a kind of omen explained fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_12: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fidosia abruptly in a shame faced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: non sence suidsare fe malexsaon jrve
	layer_4: non cenc sidsarfe m alexan jrvine
	layer_6: nonsene said sarifema alix an jevna
	layer_8: nonsense said saraphema alexand jeovna
	layer_10: nonsense said syraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said syraphema alexanddrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who tol dyou all this asar e m alixonderf naninu stear lo vboice
	layer_4: who toled you all this asarf e m alecan jr f ne ineno stear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ae erfema alexendrna an enoughs ster low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in inouster low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in an oster low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in an oster low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclamesarf m alesen drofnon eartation as theshe wished o pretecctursel som holfrom the suddnenxity
	layer_4: nos exclame serif ma aleandr ofnan eiritation as thu she wishd to prtectureself some howl from the sudden enxiedy
	layer_6: nos exclaime ceripema eliccendr of nen irritation as thugh she wishd to peotect hurself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nose exclaimed saraphiema alexandrovn irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed saraphimna alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed sarapima alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: what nonsence as thog elluchped coul dy
	layer_4: what noncence as though le luchcould could dy
	layer_6: wat nonsense as though theluch could could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though the lutchcoud could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though the lutch cood could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though the lutch cood could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she sa cleirly that ther could be nhoi possible conection beh wena childs quit orded nar d ivrsion and thet cintinmwation of the child slife
	layer_4: she saw clarly that their could be no possible connection beth ween a childs quiete ordinare diversion and the contiuation of the childs life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she ma ea spesial effort that ed ning to okypy her mine with other matters tut er thutst urnd imon tareliyes betthack t at waluch cal lob dohiterself
	layer_4: she made aspecial effort that evening to ocup y her mine with other matters but er thoughts thurned ad moln terilieds bethact that will luch cal lubd to hitorself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilies betthact that will luch ca lube to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilis te fact that wiluchka love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wilatcshka loved to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wiletchka loved to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch klo was sto quihtesmal and hav lernde distinguishdwe t een her mother an her ners she some tinms itting in her nershs orms made a sude rogish crimiss and hater lahing face ind the ner sis sholder
	layer_4: when the luchga was sti quite small and have learnede distinguish between her mother and her nerse she sometimes itting and her ners his arms made a suddent rogish gremiss and hidher laughing face in the neursas shoulder
	layer_6: when the luchc was still quite small and had learned a distinguish between her mother an her nurse she sometimes sitting ind her nurse h's arms made a sudden rogish grimise and hider laughing face in the nurse 's shoulder
	layer_8: when leluxha was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nursea's arms made a sudden roggish grimase and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when leloxhka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_12: when leluchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden rogish grimmace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she wud lookcou wit the sli uants
	layer_4: then she would look o wt e slyg glancs
	layer_6: then she would look outwith a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thure she repra shouself at once for this un founded seperesticioustrad never the les she couldnot ender ho heartedliinge bhe speared lle luch cas favort game end she tede di vert lieluch cas te tenstion do something elnce
	layer_4: though she reproce shouself at once for this unfounded supersticioustread never the las she could not ender hole hardedlyante the spiered lluchcus favour t game and she trite di verit leluch causetaettention to something alce
	layer_6: though she reproaced sherself at once for this unfounded supersticious dread neverthelas she could not ender whole hartedly into the spiri liluchca's favorat game and she triedto divert lelutgh case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirit lelechka's favourite game and she trie to divert lelecka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit lulechka's favorite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spiritf leleshka's favorite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she ye gerly comlid wr thi mothers ine wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wif their mothers newishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with heir mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: sarefe me alexs an jrrw na thri despereatly to ems wouchca
	layer_4: sarefee ma alecsand jere na trie despereatly to amuse liuchca
	layer_6: sarphima alc an jomna tried desperately to  amuse ilucca
	layer_8: saraphima alexand jomna tried desperately to  amuse lelecka
	layer_10: saraphima alexand gona tried desperately to amuse luleshka
	layer_12: saraphima alexand ovna tried desperately to amuse luleshka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: per haps thaut sar fyvh al ec sunjrovene shes not es stroungly dron t o the worl tas other children who a tracted by many things
	layer_4: per haps thut sarfeva aleindjrovena she 'is not astrongly drwn to the worl bas other childiren who ad tracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps tlhut sar fema alxanjovna she is not is strongly drawn to the world as other children who are tracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought sarapi a alexan jovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who aretracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought sarapheva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought saraphiva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are atracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: it thisus is teit nont a sine of wer ganic eeakness
	layer_4: if this asso is it not a sign o wer ganic reeakness
	layer_6: if this isso is it not a signa erganic weakness
	layer_8: if thisasso is it not a sign of erganic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: safhe mouc sind drov no her suf begamd the game oncswer tlicesthag she pladeet wit tha heavbe heart
	layer_4: saerfee malcsin drov nowt her solf began the game oncwer twice thauh she platet with a heavy heart
	layer_6: serpfemalcs an drovna herself began the game once or twice thoug she played it with a heay heart
	layer_8: sarpfe malxandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serephy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serpy alexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she seffered as thocomiing an evil de with full concusness
	layer_4: she suffered as thou commiding and evil ded with full conciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though commiting an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: i was h si da forserefye mouc sen drovna
	layer_4: it was he sad day for sarfe malcand rovena
	layer_6: it was he sad day for serphemalc and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarpe malx and drovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for serapi malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for sarapi malexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: hem mother cevbrd her with the ble blanket
	layer_4: her mother covered her with tha bly blanket
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lilluch coulddre her sleevelitl hans rom under the blankit and streshed thand atim brace her mother he mother ben down
	layer_4: lol lutch could drew her slee little hands from under the blnkit and streshed them outoum brace her mother her mother been down
	layer_6: lolutch cadrew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and streshed them ou tro imbrace her mother her mother beent down
	layer_8: loluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and streched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lulachka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lulushka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seme so smon so frelander the blinge at the coverd her
	layer_4: she seeme so smaln so frailander the blinke at that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smalan so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarefe alcenjrowve neremain standing o erliluch cas bat a long wile and she cap lioking ant weluch gho with tendernessonefer
	layer_4: sar feval ecand drove n ouremain standing ofverliluch gus bat a long wile and she caplooking at weluchget with tendrness an fear
	layer_6: sarpemalic and drovena remains standing over loluchgas bad a long while and she cap looking at i luchgo with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara fea alexan drovna remained standing overlalechas bat a long while and she kept looking at lelasha with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: syrapema alexanddrovna remained standing over loleshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelashka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sarapema alexandrovna remained standing over leleshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelashka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i temother is at possible thatisioln be able to pretacter she thauti she ia magin the verious ills that might bey fal luchca
	layer_4: i mamother is at possible that ashoulnnt be able to protacter she thoughti she amagin the verious ils at might be falla lchca
	layer_6: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to perotect or she thought as she imagined the various ills tat might be falloelachca
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fallalachka
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall alashka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alashka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prad long bat night but the prareded not eralev her sadmness
	layer_4: she prad long tat night buth the prare id not rleve her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dheyse past wie luch a cot co
	layer_4: several deys past will luch  cot cold
	layer_6: several days pased will luch god cot cold
	layer_8: several days pased wil lutch good cot cold
	layer_10: several days passd wi mutch good cock cold
	layer_12: several days passed will mutch good cock cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the feever came opon hant night
	layer_4: the fiev or came upon he nt night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefy molcs ain jrovn awacan be fidosia cande leluch geno her looking sol ho so reslessan sair tarmenged she insily recath eu wbl omen and a hopwas tispare gtid posesion of her from the firs momence
	layer_4: when sarefe maalecsand jrovena awa can by fodosia candeloa luch gon saw her looking so hot so rehsless and sr tarmented she instatly recalldth ewil omen and a hopelas disparetoc posession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when serphema aelix and rovbna awakened by padocia camed o lluch gun saw her looking so hot so resless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hope lass despare too possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when syraphema alexand jovna awakened by fidosia came to lelachgon saw her looking so hot so rehtless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when syraphima alexanddrovna awakened by pidosia came to lolachgan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when syraphima alexanddrovna awakened by pidosia came to lelechgaan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: i dacter was cae t an everything was dom that hiseusullancsuchacasions but the an evible happend
	layer_4: a docter was called an everything was dome that his usual un such a casioncs but the an eviable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that is usual on such accasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called an everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and lheluch caggr eeblar from mhowur to ouer
	layer_4: and le luchgo grew ebler from howr to hour
	layer_6: and leluchca grew eebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lelechka grew fheebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and lelechka grew febler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing mitter so an hap e as te reterations of fid ols ia ou tterd betwe en sobs she hiderselth anhiterself ourla lechga
	layer_4: nothing madteer so and hapi as the reaterations of fidelsia utered between sobs she hid oerself and hiterself our la lechga
	layer_6: nothing made her so undhappy as the rederations of pidolsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself ourlelecha
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of phidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lalachka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of phidelsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lalachka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of phidelsia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself ar lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevere was conseeming wlaluchca and ther retimsan she los conciusnessin spokandelteariam
	layer_4: fever was conceeming laluchca and there retimes ond she los consciusness and spokendeliarim
	layer_6: fever was conceming lalachca and there we times hin she lost consciousness and spok en olurium
	layer_8: fever was concuming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken delirium
	layer_10: fever was consuming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in dolirium
	layer_12: fever was conseming lelachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in dolirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: threedays pas torturing lika nit mar
	layer_4: threeatays pass torturing like an ight mar
	layer_6: three ays pass torturing like a night mare
	layer_8: three days pas torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passd torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: se fe mat alec sinjov ny hid ter faced be hin the curtn's nerlaluch cas bed ho tragict
	layer_4: sa fe ma alexcinjoveni hid her face be hind the courtain's near laluch cas bed ho tragic
	layer_6: sarphma elicsandjovena hidher face behind the curtains near le luchcgas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphema elexand jovna hit her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphema alexanddrovna hid her face behind the curtains near loleschka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphima alexanddrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lolechka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a wait nmol much gha wisprid la lucha
	layer_4: a wait ma muchga whisprdla luchca
	layer_6: a white mamachga whispered li lugca
	layer_8: a white mamachca whispered lalacia
	layer_10: a white mamachka whispered lulachka
	layer_12: a white mamachka whispered lulachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo nuch was wit ace bhe cam blard an everything gre darkt befor la luchca
	layer_4: mo much as wite face became bloard and every thin grew dark before la lucha
	layer_6: momochcas white face became blerd and everything grew dark before loluchca
	layer_8: momachka's white face became blurd and everything grew dark before lalachka
	layer_10: momochika's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelachika
	layer_12: momochika's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelachka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she meter husbend
	layer_4: she metter hasbant
	layer_6: she met er husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: sarfe vme alexsan dove no wa standing ba the cofin and looking dolliat her ded child
	layer_4: safeemn alexsand droveno as standing by the coffend ind looking doliat her ded child
	layer_6: sarphema elic and drovna wastanding by the coffit and looking duli at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima elexanddrovna was standing by the coffit and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarpima alexanddrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarpima alexandrovna was standing by the coffen and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see la mig dear dond agatat yourself said sagin mota sovichion a wisper
	layer_4: seemli my dear dond agitayte yourself said sirga mout a stovich an a whisper
	layer_6: seema my dear don't agitate yourself said cirgama stovich in a whisper
	layer_8: sila my dear don't agitate yourself said sergan madsovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: cia my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi marsovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sia my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi marosovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resinyour self to your fat
	layer_4: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resin yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: sheall be op en a minit precistedser femalexsn jrowv na her es fixt one the dedlittle girll
	layer_4: sheall be up in aminit precisted sirfemalecn jovena her eyes fixd on the deddlittle girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted arpmalicanjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphe m alexan jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphema alexanddrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted saraphema alexanddrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sairgame oft a stovigelokedrund him cosiously he was a fraet of the un seemly an of the redicules
	layer_4: sargame ut a stovage looked round him cosiously he was a fraid of the unseemly an of the rediculus
	layer_6: sargame ot a stovage looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemly and of the rediculous
	layer_8: sergaem madastovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serga mardistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: serge maristovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don agotat yourself heu repeed
	layer_4: see my don' agitate yourself he repeted
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he wis confesdan anoide
	layer_4: he was confewsed an anoid
	layer_6: he was confused in anoyd
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her fae sehem trankle n hr eys war dry
	layer_4: her face seem trankle n her is were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankle and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranqile and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranquile and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she won ento the narsteran begant walck rond the rom loking into thus places weela luch coa use to hiderself
	layer_4: she went into the nerseran began to walk rownd the room looking into thos places were law luch gal used to higd herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserin began to walk round the room looking into those places were loluch ga used to hid herself
	layer_8: she went into the nursery an began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolechka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where loleshka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lolechka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she alkedala bout the rom and ben nownd thentad look undeod the tablea  rndeo the bed ind ceptren repeeating csherfuly whrs my lit aone where is my lo luch ca
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bunt now and thanto look under the tablear und o the bed and keptron repeting cherefuly whereis mai littae one where is my low luchca
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bant now and then to look under the table or under the bed and keptar in repeating cherfully whereis my little one where is my lolachca
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table r under the bed and kept hrin repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalachka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept un repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalachka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept un repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalachka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she ad walktrond the room onec she begant make her quas in neur
	layer_4: after she had walked ron the room once she begaonto make her quest in eur
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in ne
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on yeu
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in yeu
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in eu

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: foit o sya motionmence witlh the decto fay sad on a cornr and lookd frit d etter misteres thand she suddenly burstat soping and she wal lably
	layer_4: fitosia motianles with dhe dected face sat an a corner and looked frihtendut er mistress thand she suddenly burst at sobing and she waild ladly
	layer_6: pitosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress than she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: fhidoscia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid her self an hitter sol ar le luch gr ar and jeli wittle sol
	layer_4: she hid herseufh and hid hersof ar lo lutch gur  and jullic uittle soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hit herself are lolachgar r and jelilittl soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lulachgar e and gjeliclittle soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself ore lolachgar er an elic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself are lolachgar er an jelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she enger the porlr the ra several pepr be twein her in l luchca
	layer_4: when she enter the polew there wes several peoper between her inle luchca
	layer_6: when she entered the parlar ther was several peper between her in lelucha
	layer_8: when she ented the parlor there was several peper between her and lelacha
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there were several peeper between her and lelashka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlor there were several peeper between her and lelashka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was in apressi feling of haviness ianserf malece som jrveness hadis she aprechd laluchga
	layer_4: there was an appresso feeling of haviness ancarife malecome jrorveness hada she approachdlaluchga
	layer_6: there was an appressi feeling of heaviness and serifemalic some jovnuss had as she approached liluca
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sara fe maelikx some jovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarah female like sam jovna's head as she approached lelachka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarah female like sam jovna's head as she approached lelashka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: willuch co lay ther stolln pel an sliou i feticly
	layer_4: willuchgo lay there still an pl and smiled pafetictaly
	layer_6: willuchgo lay there still an pale and smile pehetically
	layer_8: wilachka lay there still an pale and smile pathetically
	layer_10: willachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: willachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the lit ta andid noter ply
	layer_4: the little one did noterply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: sarf mlkcsan jrr ne sidaprect sid an a lost way snild an cad ladwy we luchga
	layer_4: serfemalgsand jeroven e sidapearect side an a lost way smiled and catdh laugly wet lutchga
	layer_6: serfemalics en jrovna stid aperect side in a lost way smiled and caed laudly wit luchga
	layer_8: saer phe malexandgrovna stood u perect sihe in a lost way smiled and caed loudly lulechka
	layer_10: saeraphimalexanddrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lulechka
	layer_12: saraphimalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lulechka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: leluchos being carried out
	layer_4: lo luchgos being carriedout
	layer_6: weletchgos being carried out
	layer_8: loletchgos being carried out
	layer_10: loletchkos being carried out
	layer_12: loletchkos being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this mom ot the hav ibetof strrmon the rouw sase with meratolas sudness leveen the usud worl imt of sound sa for th e drip drip drip oves
	layer_4: at this mom it the have ybet of a strormon the roovfe sesed with maratalas sudness leaven the out sout world impty of sound sayne for the drip drip drip o veves
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beat ofth strom on the roof seased with miraculous suddness leavin the outsie world impty of sound saint for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of  storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound sint for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of a storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of ha storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad eversort af peopwort hi sof henonm an as o was lookaethat u pop ther gaim a sol t he mal
	layer_4: we had ever sort of peoprth a solf enom and as i was look o that a popter game i saw a ma
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people woth a softenonm and as i was look out that a popler game i saw them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with a sophen on and as i was look aut that a popular game i saw them al
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with e sophenom and as i was lookd at at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with e sofphenom and as i was look at at a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the sameinsnendta hear the ripo stil hrou cla thand fil ther sharp stavbim ha levfe lag
	layer_4: at the same insnanto heard the roip of stil hroug clouth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_6: at the same instnant to heard the rip of still through clouth and felt the sharp stabb im a left lig
	layer_8: at the same insinat to heard the rip of still through cloth and felt the sharp stabb him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt tho sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant i heard the rhip of steill through cloth and felt the sharp stab im a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then a scad ed to see wad ed cume and foun erd the filat las to hand
	layer_4: then i sgouted to sea whated cut me and foundthet the fillihad los o hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see whathead cut me and found that the filli had lost ta hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the filloa had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and placeof t he ware a shibe still hook
	layer_4: and place of it he wore a sharb still hoook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharbd stil hook
	layer_8: and place of it he wore a sharb steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout ofes bean a li for heuwas breenhan hear u c aman dous when e gitsit ovei th head id in soun god
	layer_4: there was no doubt of is be an alife for he was breantan heard likcam man dos when o get shit over the had it in't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein alie for he was breat en hard like a man dos when tot getsit over the heid it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his bing alive for he was breathand hard like a man does when e gets it over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when it gets it over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when hit gets it over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when  man bre tait way his mosty all gon
	layer_4: when a man bret t at way his mosttly allgon
	layer_6: when a man breats that way his mostly all gong
	layer_8: when a man breats that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breaths that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way heis mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: mein gat bet id ovet heard otfan anohan thos dase
	layer_4: mean got betid overth head affend anog an those days
	layer_6: men got bet id over th head offten enough in those days
	layer_8: men got bett ed overhed offen enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted overhead offen enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted overhead offend enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: sol on's fin a puld a on in shape o hel but is no soutn serip
	layer_4: sor inehis find a put a wund an shape to hel but is no sooid ant surip
	layer_6: sowr wine is find it put a wound and shape to heel but it's no sut and sirup
	layer_8: saer win is find it put a wound in shape to heeal but it's no suit an sirup
	layer_10: sower wine is fine it put a wound in shape to heel but it's no suitin sirup
	layer_12: sower wine is fine it put a wound in shape to heel but it's no suit in sirup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their calten wis their ship and the graetha was the see blow hi blo low what care wy and he oarted theat wegaive thand was te seet em in the se dn on the cost of the hadbabery
	layer_4: their calfen wrs their ship and the grav that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was the sen them in the sea don on the coast of the had barbery
	layer_6: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what carewe and the quarter that we gave them was to sinkt them in the sea done on the coast of the hi barbery
	layer_8: their coffin wers their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_10: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_12: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: itf fer made ma her ris t oa heurim with a bg stil smn desadout sie an the quiat mon lighd ant sheadtols and him set inupb straten gont his as blasineach sid his bidegl nos and i snaky hare hing on over the rall cudt a crolsis he ad
	layer_4: it fer made ma her ries to heareim with ha bg still saolm desied out sid andthe quiet moon lighte an ta sheadows and him settin up stragtain gont his i s blasoneeach sid his bigygale knows and his snky hair hingan over the ra cut oa croses hehad
	layer_6: it far made my har rive to hear him with a bg still saem desertd outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setend up straight and gant his eeas blae and each side his big egale knose and his snacky hair hing ind over the ra cut across his hed
	layer_8: it fair made my hair rives to hear him with a big still salemn deserd outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him settingd up straight and gunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snacky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with ta big still salemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still salemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: ha wervero made out to gitin bandedgeup en ind shape and prteson he sort of wnto sleep
	layer_4: how wover a made out to gettin banded jup and and shape and prety soon he sort of ont osleep
	layer_6: however i made out to gitting bandad jup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of wont to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however im made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon hes sort of went to sleep
	layer_12: however im made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon hes sort of went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and aganiyt seing that areresom itlud gwa loook at theil cal rot o floan bygis to be sur id dhad gambelow rilse juis tolk
	layer_4: and agintit seng that barbery so entil hd gad look at the  cala rot of floone byjust to be sure i ht an dat and gombelow wor aelshy just talk
	layer_6: han againtit sing that barbory sog mun till i gooudan look at the odl colla rot of floin by just to be sure ihdnt did ant gone below were elsy just talk
	layer_8: en again he'd sinkg that barbary somuntill i'do go out and look at the old colla rado flowing by jest to be sure i hadn't died an't gone below or elsie just talk
	layer_10: en again he'd sing that barbary sog until i'd go out and look at the old collorodaf flowing by jest to be sure i hadn't died in gone below or elsied just talk
	layer_12: en again he'd sing that barbary song until i'd go out and look at the old collarod o flowing by jest to be sure i hadn't died ant gone below or elsie just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he begam hith he was a kad and he gav os sad of convrsatins palsn for e plis
	layer_4: he began whenh he was a kid and he gave his site of conversations pallsand for edplis
	layer_6: he began when he was akid and he gave h side of conversations pauson for heplies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi sight of conversations paulsin for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sigh of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sigh of conversations pausing for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i usedsolisn bothe hour but a tever made oat an thing rilling poartden es to who the man was where he come foron a whady don
	layer_4: i us tolistnt by the hour but an never made out anything realling portaines to who the man was where he come forom a whatye dne
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really importanis to who the man was owhere he come for um a what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from o what he'd done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d in painy ttencaton forehis quit
	layer_4: iad int payny attentien tn for eis quiet
	layer_6: i dn't pany attentiont to im for youse quiet
	layer_8: i dn't payny attention to him for yu'se quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for hou'sed quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for heu'se quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: ousialad in bothe with is tap for a did menin thing a somethen n as vos mad turm
	layer_4: usuall ad idn bo ther with his talp for a didn' men ani thing a somethen in is vose maebmeterm
	layer_6: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for a didn't mean anything a something in his voice mayd me tern
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me turn
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly an on a sied thoos black eyes of he his blasona me be nowt bot or themsal the same distens
	layer_4: he was li and on asid thos black eyes of he his blasonat me but now both of them sa the same distnce
	layer_6: he was lion on hisside those black eyes of h has blason at me but nowa both of them saw the same distance
	layer_8: he was lion on his side those black eyes of hiis blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_10: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was liing on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo s he east verin tins
	layer_4: werea my clow as east veringtense
	layer_6: where my clos he asked veryintens
	layer_8: where am y clos he asked very intense
	layer_10: where am y clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where am my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: onloe squees tlk batchr dadly wepencs
	layer_4: on litle squees talk batcr deadly weappens
	layer_6: one litte squeeze tulk batchr dadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze tolk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tulk batcher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: but he been to sican to log brd
	layer_4: but he been to sicknd to long abd
	layer_6: but hed been too sick nd too long abed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: an aminner aso he came to
	layer_4: an a minter to sol he came to
	layer_6: an a mineur o self he came too
	layer_8: in a minue o so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came too
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came too

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: ny your a nig sweet propositin said i as sons ou a shur he coud outer stam
	layer_4: now youre a nie sweek proposition said i as soons i is sure he could uerstamd me
	layer_6: now youre a nigh sweek proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uterstand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice swee proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: their safe nogh len me hav thom he bed
	layer_4: there safe anough len me had them he begd
	layer_6: the'e safe enough len me havd them he begged
	layer_8: they 's safe enough letd me have them he begged
	layer_10: they re safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: they re safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: na lok ere sit a you canke get up to day you int fit
	layer_4: no look here sid i you can't get up to day you in't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: i kno he pleded a linmy see hen
	layer_4: i kno he pleated at limmy see them
	layer_6: i know he pleted but li me see them
	layer_8: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: jis e sadesfin a past overes ol derds
	layer_4: jus as satisfime a paset over is ol derds
	layer_6: just a satisfimne a past overhis al dirds
	layer_8: just as satisfy him  passet over his all dids
	layer_10: just as satisfy himg hat passed over is all dirts
	layer_12: just as satisfy him at passed over his all dirts

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave tin rod the crit
	layer_4: afe teen robd te crid
	layer_6: ave ben ribed he cried
	layer_8: have been rubbed he cried
	layer_10: have been rubbed he cried
	layer_12: have been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wrs ma colt he es
	layer_4: wers ma coat he ast
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: whre's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_12: where's ma coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you whed no co when u pit you up ireplid
	layer_4: you head not cot en u pit you up i replied
	layer_6: you had no co when i pith you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coatwhen i pitc you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pitch you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he lok do me modise te spisius bu d idn' sanything more he would ne anansarhen ou spok to em
	layer_4: he lookedth me motise te spicios but didn't sanything more he would ne ren ancer when a spoke to him
	layer_6: he loked o me modi s espicious but didn't say anything more he would nean answer wen i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked a me migdy suspicious but didn't say anything more he would' eve an answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn'tevean answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn'teve an answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he dedentha fr mal hy fel sleet
	layer_4: after he deen a fair maile he fellasleep
	layer_6: after he deden a fair male he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deieden't a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'didn't a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd idn't a fair mal he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: hon a came bak that even anthe bunk asempti an he was gan
	layer_4: when a came back that even en the bunk was impty and he was gon
	layer_6: when i came back that even in te bunk was emptyand he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even andte bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that even andthe bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that eveng an the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: iad in seem ae ganforto days
	layer_4: at in seeme thegan fortwuo days
	layer_6: idin' seem agan for two days
	layer_8: i did't seem agan for two days
	layer_10: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_12: i didn't seem agan for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: tan a cut sadtivn quet awas al
	layer_4: an a cut sat ifn quet aways o
	layer_6: than a cuts sat oe qut aways olf
	layer_8: then i cagt sat fim qut a ways off
	layer_10: hen i caught sigt of im qut a ways off
	layer_12: then i caught sigh of him quut a ways off

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: gesseeuspicius a sto therll couto heas thinkxi and ettwars a foundther mo sormis at beencorrit
	layer_4: gess es aspicious is sto theu will coato heis thinksi and afterwards a found that my sumis at been carcpt
	layer_6: guess es suspicious i stoll that ill cortor heis thinks i and afterwards ae foud that myst surmise had been correct
	layer_8: guess he's suspicious i stol tat old cota hirs thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guess he's suspicious i stole that old coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stole that old coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ho wever hetd in stay laom anthat franf minde
	layer_4: how wever he din stay long in that fram f minde
	layer_6: however he did't stay long an that fram of minde
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mine
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ranou pm agn
	layer_4: a rano pom agn
	layer_6: arana porm agun
	layer_8: arena pol magun
	layer_10: arena po magun
	layer_12: arena pu magun

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: ameages was flit ans face is am strichd ou
	layer_4: amags was flat oncs face is arm striched out
	layer_6: e megs was flight onis face his arm stritched out
	layer_8: te mex was flat on is face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: t megs was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: te megs was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the mil of hisbackn l a won arn frand
	layer_4: on the mille of his back ne ma one oarn frand
	layer_6: on the midle of his back nema one arm friand
	layer_8: on the middle of his back nemm a one arm friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back ne my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nemy one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway at thresst amozof ma coaltento a salge face what's theirsi ast
	layer_4: anyway at thresst amoze of my coalten to the sailoarg face what's theisi est
	layer_6: anyway at threst thamuzl of my colt in to the sailor's face what's this i sed
	layer_8: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my coltin to the sailr's face what's thius i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i win he mid montyu of an tonyua curvies said he
	layer_4: i wen he ide mont youof an tontyo curvis said he
	layer_6: i wen him idmont you off antonio curvs said he
	layer_8: i wn him itmantofantonio curvis said he
	layer_10: i wein him atmantyo antonio curvis said he
	layer_12: i wein him at montoof fantonio curvis said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the glem di from his y the snal lif his lips
	layer_4: the gleeame died from his ei the snar lift is lips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snrl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snorl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snarl liftd his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snurl lifte his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and anycasy fle pokel prato leve mea mag frenedtogeter
	layer_4: and any casey flouw pokl proto leave me and miuh frent together
	layer_6: and any case he flew pokal proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poko prato leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poco proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew poco proto leave me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drend the nexe wo mont she was a good deal bout tow mose doano jobes ia sa moff rnim
	layer_4: drnd the nex who monthshe was a good deal bout tow mosee do an o jobs i saw i mof enime
	layer_6: durng the nixt who month she was a good deal about town mostly doin o jobs i' saw im moff an ine
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly doang o jobs i saw him offe in
	layer_10: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doing a jobs i saw him offar nn
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doan ad jobs i saw him off ar nin

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: how wever id in pae much atintin to that be in ath time all mode bushe hold don accargames
	layer_4: however i d in pae much atenction to that be in at the time all mighte busy holden don ac card games
	layer_6: however i dn't pay much attention to that be in at the time all mighty busy holden down ma card games
	layer_8: however i ddn't pay much attention to that being at the time al mighty busy holding down ma cardgames
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time allmighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as all ret sid i whic he' bider stay rat ther
	layer_4: as all rigte said i bhic o' biter stay rut there
	layer_6: ha's all right said i bhuth yu' better stay rut there
	layer_8: thats all right said i but you'd better stay roght there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rought there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rouht there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: ilnwen to make upto you forye troubl sit e
	layer_4: in went to make up to you for you trouble sait he
	layer_6: i went to make up to you for you trouble sid he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: rc con of goit thing iast trease saidhye
	layer_4: le con of gotd thing iest treasure saidt he
	layer_6: whl cont of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_8: what coint of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what kind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what kind of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all ridinouth nothe drut ner a loko
	layer_4: he looked allridynough now the druntnora loko
	layer_6: he looked all righd enough now the drunpnor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: sid ounsid i over ther the ote sut o the table
	layer_4: sed oun sid i over there the othe sotof te table
	layer_6: set oun said i over there the other sid of the table
	layer_8: set own said i over there the other site of the table
	layer_10: sit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: sit down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he ditd so te far way sat i
	layer_4: he didt so  farway sit i
	layer_6: he did so a far away said i
	layer_8: he did so afar away said i
	layer_10: he did so na far away said i
	layer_12: he did so nat far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and it'so bike thai said handto salmetime for thes not onlh gol but all tr jeuls anddamens
	layer_4: and its of big thin sain handty sole mento me for theyse not only gol but altrjels and dimons
	layer_6: and it's a big thing sin handy salomatime for they's not only gol but al tero jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said handy soloman timmy for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomnn timi for they's not only gold but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solomnan timi for they's not only gold but alter jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ir make as rich and a dus nlieus and ecin kis thof book on that
	layer_4: itwl make as rich and a doesin likeus and econ kist hf book on that
	layer_6: it wi make as rich and i doezen like us and eqon kisse tho book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and i doezsn' like us and e can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a doezn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doezen't like us and he can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may ol be trusitd r bhe wi de tom
	layer_4: thet may all be trusi i but whi ytell me
	layer_6: that may all be trus sad i but why dou tell me
	layer_8: that may all be true said i but why d you tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: wh t on to gits e trersaowit thoauthe needee dovidnent
	layer_4: whi d oun't toget yo trersrowiththout the nedte devidnent
	layer_6: why don't yo get you treasure ithtout the needo dividnat
	layer_8: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividin it
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why mat he enswered is jis plaine greatitoud
	layer_4: why mate he enswered is just plan greathitud
	layer_6: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered i's just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: dinsyou save ma lif an nust me and tak carve me whon it was no ld
	layer_4: din you save maliufe and nust me and take caroe me hen i was ni cuilld
	layer_6: didn' you save my lige an nust me and take careof me when i was nit killed
	layer_8: did't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look er anderson or hante salman a what ever you plaset o ceself iurajin to theis e forigone to do buses ofme and a do not understanyet jus wadtity as yo wont oft me you'l havft tolx stragt
	layer_4: look her anderson or handy sollmen a wheatever you pleased to cal yuself oue rejoinet to this i frigoin't to do busins wif me and i do not under stagn yat just whatity as you ant of me you'l havethe talk strat
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy salemen awhatever you please to cal yourself iue rejoin to this yif forgoing to do busins with me and i do not understand yet just what it e as you want of me you'll have to talk straght
	layer_8: look here anderson nor handy solomon ofwhatever you please to call yourself i rejoint to this i fore going to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me youw'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this yi' fou're going to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me youw'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this yi foure going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you 'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: isalver  wel t sa gratito but thea d on go with me
	layer_4: it's al ver a well o sak graditoud but thed on't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to sak gratitude but thad don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to sae gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to saye gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to saye gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: the deveas appreture f  lostepinfethe said he
	layer_4: the devels appreathure oif n e lost o pendfather said he
	layer_6: the devils a preachure if ny lost ir penfather said he
	layer_8: the devils a preacher if nay lost your penfather said he
	layer_10: the devil's appreach er if  lost your pen feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if y lost your pen feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wels this than i gut to heave bo to git ther and she mus be stopt
	layer_4: wellds this then i got to have bot to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: welld's this thin i' got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well 's this then i' got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well i's this thin i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well t's this thin i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have help with h treasur if i slike his fel said an wars
	layer_4: and a got to have help with th treasure if i slike this fell said it wos
	layer_6: and i got to halve help with the treasure if islik this fells sait it was
	layer_8: and i got to have help with the treasure if hes like this fellos said it was
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasure if hi's like this fellows said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasure if hi's like this fellows said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is mony u gout to have and is monya haven' got and can gad an lisolits somebod ean is pardner
	layer_4: is money a got to have and is money a haveen't got and kan'k gid in liss a lit sumebodean his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i' got to have and hits money a havn't got and kan't gid and liss a lets somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and tit's money i haven't got and can't get unless i lits somebody in hi's parner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an can't get unless i lits somebody in his partner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an can't get unless i lits somebody in his partner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: wi meas wy not hye retortet
	layer_4: whie me ast whye not he retorti
	layer_6: why mi  asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: whe halk he matter overad lengk
	layer_4: we htalk thnt matter overat liengk
	layer_6: we talke the matter over at lent
	layer_8: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talk the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: asto d af for a largepty
	layer_4: a stood af for a largeeparty
	layer_6: i stood after a large party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly apose thisss de preci aden the shaires but a had nowntincion of gon alon ento wat was tantcin sitre o willd  dangeroeus country fanly we copermis
	layer_4: he strongdly aposed thises deprecied n the shairs but i had nointention of gon alown intowhat was dhin cong sidered o willdn dangerous country finenly we compermizeed
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciate n the shars but i had no intention of gong alone into what was then considered of walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciate in the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wilden dangerous country finaly we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciate n the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciate ng the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild end dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thirdf the trciuawast o god o hoim a thir to me and the rest wast bede avodet among the man whomushud solect this skened od nothap pilt him
	layer_4: a thirt o the tursalwas to godto him a thir to me and the resto ws to bet ovited among the man who mushud salect this skenedid not appilledt him
	layer_6: a third of the treisal was to go to him a thir to me and the rest  was to be devided among the man whomi shoud select this skheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i cshould select this scheme did not appeall to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: te sinsther existeo frus no resmonsabilty we eat reportet dutifuly at the rol call of habit and dro bactin towar blinkets o the greatful sie
	layer_4: tbe sinster existe firus no resmonsibuility we each reportit dutifully at the rolle call of habit and rou back in to our blenk ets withthe greatful si
	layer_6: bet sineter existe for us no resmonsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw backd into our blankets with a greatful sih
	layer_8: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sighe
	layer_10: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: ouramembr the mon silin a good gaede among the parnliy stationary cladles a recall at de blece shadt a lind withfor distintsov re muts a glanstover the starkmotion ust canvises each a which consilld a ma there trimbled with e bellon in of catle an te corols
	layer_4: ouremember the moon saland a good gade among a parinly stationary cloutlets i recall i deep black shat ow liand with fore distan silvery moutans i glancstover the starg motionaloas canvices each of which consiled a mand the ard trimbled with the belon ene of cattle ind the corous
	layer_6: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow lioned wih fore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionaloss canvases each of which conciled a man the ard trembled with the belloan of cattle ind the corols
	layer_8: i remember the moon salind a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow lioned with fore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the belloin of cattle and the corals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailin a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow lione with four distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with e belloen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lione with four distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with te bellomin of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: simnly but a momat lated the cooksowd rou met the conchius niss agan
	layer_4: sidinly but ofmomet later the cooks houd brugtme toe concioes ness again
	layer_6: simminle but a moment later the cookshow brought me toe consciousness again
	layer_8: sitingly but a moment later the cookshow brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: simming ly but a moment later the cooksow brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: simming ly but a moment later the cooksaw brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: thre wourldocare for th remodau fove wer to move the stray harvfom the crous to good fed three bren cruseere told  bran the cas we at cleceted in the coudt of the aftrnune for that siko bout havfethe man
	layer_4: thre woere to care for the remoda fovewere to move the stra herd from the crouse to good feed three brane crues re told te brand the caus we ha colected in the cut of the afternoom before that sookop a bout halvf the man
	layer_6: three were to care for the remota fiewere to move the straight heard from the crowse to good feed three brendn cruws were told to brand the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afternoom before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight heard from the caraws to good feed three bredan crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brendond crews were told to bran the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took u about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corraws to good feed three brendond crews were told to brand the cals we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris weret o make a shor drove ant sou grass
	layer_4: the ris were to make a shord drve anthe salat gras
	layer_6: the rist were to make a sore drive anthe sad grass
	layer_8: the ris were to make a shore drive in th sald grass
	layer_10: the rists were to make a shore drive in the solid grass
	layer_12: the rists were to make a shore drive in the solid grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we ware the on a onse ho did goof foat however a though the crous were not more the to hunder dyardgis distence
	layer_4: we were te on a once who did go a fhoot however athough the crows were not more then two hunderd yargs hs distance
	layer_6: we were the ono once who did go a fhoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards's distance
	layer_8: we were the ony one who did go a foot however although the craws were not more than two hundred yards s distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_12: we were the only one who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards as distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: bichtwen the upprit bars of gres wood with aed see the catl and er the upss sud the min bold in a fir  nex the fentce
	layer_4: bhutwent the up rigt bars of greas wood with tid see the cattdle and year the ops it sid the men build en a fire nexthe fence
	layer_6: betwen the uprigt bards of greece wood we ould see the cattle and neare the ops es side the men built en a fire next tefince
	layer_8: betwen the upright bars of greese wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men built in a fire next effence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next te fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greacewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men builting a fire next te fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pist op in the wied gat in inerd
	layer_4: we pusht op in the wide gate en entered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entred
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: hencsted wite f rmemdthe finish tat she f of lal jage step en irans in his hand
	layer_4: wenceted witen fr them definish at shef o lo jage step and irans and his hand
	layer_6: hincetood witten fo them tofinish a shief of long gage stap aind irons in his hand
	layer_8: whonc stood waitton for them to finish a shief of long g ge stamp and irons in his hand
	layer_10: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g ge stamp and irons in his hand
	layer_12: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g ge stamp and irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the reas squat ed on ther hels a long the fins smo kad sigeratsot chet angetbher
	layer_4: iall the ress squateid on their hils along the pince smok nd sigaruts and chat i agether
	layer_6: all the rist squated on their hils along the pince smokan sigerats and chaten agether
	layer_8: all the ris squatted on their hells along the fence smoke in cigartes and chaten ogether
	layer_10: all the rists squatted on their hills along the fence smoking cigarettes and chaten together
	layer_12: all the rists squatted on their hells along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: ta fhir estras of the son sined o crose on one greate sweep fon th remod mouns
	layer_4: e foirest ras of the son signed a crosse and one great sweep fom the remot mouns
	layer_6: the firest rays aft the sunt signte across and one great sweep from the remode moutans
	layer_8: thet first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: the first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer woulden ha nold celf font he jon rot in among the cattl
	layer_4: homer wouldn anold call fount he jahn rod in among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wouden a old kalltfurnty john rot in among the cattle
	layer_8: homer woodden an old caliporniy john roe in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as a loope setled he jurk sharply upperd axacl his one would stricto hook o bike fish
	layer_4: as h loped settled he jurk sharply uppard exactl is one would stric to hook abig fish
	layer_6: as the loope settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strake to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: whom e rep the roe twice wre thricabouthe hore and sedtover an one streped of vore the tide line anto preserve the bouns
	layer_4: hommarapt the roked twice weite thrice about the horn and set over an one strpd o vord the tiet nlin andto preserved the bounce
	layer_6: homemarape the roke wice were thrice about the horn and set over in one striped avord the tightand line andto preserved the bauance
	layer_8: homa rape the rok twice wor thrice about the horn and set over in once stripp tovoid the tight and lion and to preserve the balance
	layer_10: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once strip to a void the tighten lion and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once strip to avoid the tighten lione and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no whadhe pad iny at tincen to the cafh
	layer_4: no bhaty pad iny attencien to the caf
	layer_6: nobodhy paied any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: tbe hind im falld his antious mother her hade soing en from sid to sid ni the fire the hor stoppt
	layer_4: te hind him followt his anxious mother her head sowing an from side to sid new the fire the hore stoptd
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingend from side toside ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: that two bolldogers amidely pountsupon the victo
	layer_4: the two boldogrs himedely pouncupon the victom
	layer_6: the two bul dogrs himmedaly proune upon the victom
	layer_8: the two buldogers immetiately pouncs upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly foaped over ount s rite sid
	layer_4: it was promptly floped over on its rigtesid
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its rightside
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly floped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly floped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was unabled strugle
	layer_4: this the caf was uneable a strugle
	layer_6: thus the caf was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thust the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thust the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: whon ach yu have had the wn nodoat  you ar reiber to broken you seeasd a think heconessasairily wrufh
	layer_4: when wanc you have had the win nocked out of you or rebor two broken you seeas a think the sunecas sarily rough
	layer_6: when ant you have had the wind knocked out of you or ribbor too broken you ceased to think thes sunnecessarily rough
	layer_8: when onc you have had the wind knocked out of you or a ribb or too broken you cease to think thes s unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot rn ye'ld one the bole dogers
	layer_4: hot irn yeld one of the bold ogrs
	layer_6: hot irn yo old one of the boll dogrs
	layer_8: hot iron y ld one of the bull dogers
	layer_10: hot iron yelled one of the bull dogers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: maker yeoll the ather
	layer_4: marker yeel the ther
	layer_6: marker yeolldhe other
	layer_8: marker yeled the other
	layer_10: marker yeled the other
	layer_12: marker yeled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brandterpres te aurnd smotelygins the fline
	layer_4: the brando pressd tha ir and smootly against the flink
	layer_6: the bran appressd the iran smootly against the flank
	layer_8: the brandeppressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: perhavps tha cat blate littlwess that hete scortched
	layer_4: perhaps the kat blated a little ess that heat scortched
	layer_6: perhaps the cat bladed a little ess tha heat scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the calp bladed a little less that heat scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cat bladed a little less the heat scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the calt bladed a little less the heet scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran shell chary which is the propercolart indto kate dew pimlon and is ucessfl mark
	layer_4: the bran shol chary which is the propercolar to intocate do pulan and i successful mark
	layer_6: the bran show chery which is the proper color to inicate do pelan and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate du pelan and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilon and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilan and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: then i nike dhout a swol telin the other
	layer_4: then e nicked out a swale tell en the other
	layer_6: then he niked out a swall tell in the other
	layer_8: then he knicked out a swalo tell in the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallow telling the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow telling the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: as seme some the greidil o neessir twottles broud es to the extreeng crulty of branon
	layer_4: is seeme s ame ther great dill of unecs cery twattles brad as to the extreeng crulty of brand on
	layer_6: it seem sto me thea great deill o unecessary twattls broad as to the extren cruelity of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to me thea great deal of unnecessary tuadtls broad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me th great deal of unnecessary twaddl as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me tht a great deal of unnecessary twadele as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: and doutheblyad is to someextin painful it could somemo the methed of ready a d in of fication bed ovised it myd be as wele to a dopdid n preverencs
	layer_4: undoutably it is to some extan painful at could somemother methed of ready a dinification bedevised it mit be as wel to a doptid in preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent paintful it could some mother method of ready adinification bee devised it might be as wealkt to adoptid in preference
	layer_8: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready i dennification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extingwish bl laftrfall the sprt of this dot onf thrugware asona
	layer_4: in extinguish ble laft rfall the sprit of this docet and through are sona
	layer_6: in extinguishble laughter fall the sprid of this docton through arazona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laught er fall the sprid of this doctorn throu arazona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter falowd the sprit of this doctrin through arazona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fallowed the sprit of this doctroin through arazona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: and megin apuncure docinintoxem polihtly the earetadgs of will cattl on the oponrage rin around up
	layer_4: and megin apunture o ceninto xempolightly thet eartags of wild cattle on the open range reen arround up
	layer_6: a magin o punther tiscen into examend politely the er tags of wild cattle on the open range er in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher tescend into examind politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range erein round up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descend into examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range werin around up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descend into examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range erin around up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a caffiusualy bels whon the aurand bits but a soonas reliesed to amost and vierbll gosto feen er to lookan idlybout
	layer_4: a cafiusually belows when the ar in bits but a soon as release he almost an veribly gost to feetenor to lookan idlyabout
	layer_6: a cafusually bellows when the irin bites but assoon as released he almost inveribly gost to feetin or to look an igdely about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost to feeten or to look annidily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes o fedin or to look inidly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to fedin or to look inidly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: tes sids wich it hapns bet wonts an a live tim and his overan tin secence a comvere did nit tod those ovrss wo oaf had or teeth fill
	layer_4: the sides which it happens but oncs an a live time and his over intin secons accomfer did niht to those ovus who hove had oarteth field
	layer_6: the sides which it happens but once in a live time and his over in ten seconds a comfor dedniht to those of us who have had our teeth feld
	layer_8: bhesides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort dent to those of us who have had our teeth fields
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denye to those of us who have had our teeth fields
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denie to those of us who have had our teeth fields

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of he littl lanimls was but a fu month sold so the ridtre d id not bouthe with hits hinl xs be tals es lupover idts ineck
	layer_4: one of the little animals was but a few monthsould so the ritrdid not bo the with its hin laxs buttalsd is lup over ats neck
	layer_6: one of the little animas was but a few month sold so the riter did not bother with its hind liigs but tast his lup over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bother with its hin legs but tosed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: miste frosse bo caf alon at pidtore of histery shals the atituds
	layer_4: mister frossisd bull calfalone ant picgtore of histery shos the atituds
	layer_6: mister frosis bull calf alone and pig torof history shows the atitudes
	layer_8: mister fros's bullcaf alone ant pig tor o history shows the atitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bulcalf alone at pigtoro history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pigtoro history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and thn of courset there was t a gordgeis contress he twenall this frintic an an coprhinin excidment and the epslwd madter of fact imn propeto bility of horsan riter
	layer_4: and thenn of course there was the gorges contrs etween all this friantic and uncomprhinun eccidement and the absluepe matter of fact ind propet to bility of horseon riter
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gordgee's contras between all this frantic and uncomprehinion excidement and the absolute matter of fact in prputibility of horsean riter
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeus contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenion excitement and the absolute matter of fact an perputability of horse and writer
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeus contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact an perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeus contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as e net was businesc n ess the caf os t a smaon the littlel bee wen overepromptly buth the groun ot the wack and was ponsuponind hild
	layer_4: as he knew was business an as the cavef was a smalon the little beas went overprumply but the groun wit the wack and was pouncsupon ind haild
	layer_6: as he knew as business and as the capt was a small wone the little beaswent over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounce upon and hild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beas went over promptly bit the ground ith the wag and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wag and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wak and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he wold ketm sef on one folot scram wl vigl las sly and in bustriglen bact to the uprit
	layer_4: he would ketshimself an one foot scramd ill vigrlas sly and in bu strogglen back to the up right
	layer_6: he would keths hmself on one foot scram viguloussley and in by struggleng back to the upprighte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scrambled vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scrambled vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scrambled vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coon a madgen  what hap nexks
	layer_4: he can a magein wat happindnext
	layer_6: he coal imagine what happen next
	layer_8: you could imagine what happene next
	layer_10: you coul imagine what happened next
	layer_12: you could imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: thisus pre dectalofs an fon of at faiels
	layer_4: this us prdectolofsand fon of it fails
	layer_6: this is productiosn fon ofit fails
	layer_8: this is productive of som fand of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of some fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but nowthe braen was a four sweg
	layer_4: but now the branie was at for swen
	layer_6: but now the bran n was at fore swig
	layer_8: but now the branan was a folre swing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was a fulswing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was a ful swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when thnos us fel they turn in wllke toware the fire as amateof ourse rearly did the casd fil
	layer_4: when he nusus fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a mate of course rarly did the cast faill
	layer_6: when the nuses fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a matterof course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the neuses fell they turned and wolked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooss fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to n fro bus anantent
	layer_4: men ran too infro busiend intent
	layer_6: men ran to anfro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometimestrye for cais ron the grounded wonts
	layer_4: sometime sthrog fore cas ron the grounded oncs
	layer_6: sometimes thregh four cas were on the groundet once
	layer_8: sometimes threug or four cos were on the ground at once
	layer_10: sometimes three or four cos were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four cows were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus atid disuppated
	layer_4: thust ated dicipated
	layer_6: tust eigted in disipated
	layer_8: thust eighted n dissipated
	layer_10: dust eighted an dissipated
	layer_12: thust eighted an dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: nhemore nik taves they nounset
	layer_4: ne more neke taves they nouncet
	layer_6: no more nec tavs they nounced
	layer_8: no more nec taves they announced
	layer_10: no more nectaves they announced
	layer_12: no more nek taves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: thanhe wad spirn as hans and goitet a lon
	layer_4: then he woasd spitln his handce and go at et alon
	layer_6: then he would spetl on his hancs and go it it along
	layer_8: then he would spel on his hands and go it it along
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go wit it along
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go wit it along

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luk oldtened his firsteferd is sara casinm os per found ther syor li cave said he
	layer_4: of lucke atented his first effort his sar casin ast profound thereis yor litl cap said he
	layer_6: of luckottended is first effort his sar casm was profound there's your little kalf said he
	layer_8: if luck antended his first effort his sarchasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_10: if luck had tended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_12: if luck hat tended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which yo leck the have me tot atoo oar dou rek on you coul tobo this far with you ar lilodarn
	layer_4: which you lac to have me tod o to you or doyou re kan you could tot oe this for with you ar little od iron
	layer_6: which you lke to have me tot it to you or doou recken you could totle this far with you r little oad iron
	layer_8: which you like to have me toti to you or do you reckon you could totle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me toated to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me toated to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: to ard nuwn the work slict
	layer_4: toward noun the work slact
	layer_6: toward nown the work slaced
	layer_8: toward no n the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finily hom a rod over to the calen men in reparte the brand en finished
	layer_4: fimaly hom arode over to the catlemen and reported the brand in finished
	layer_6: finaly homarode over to the catliement and reported the brand infinished
	layer_8: finally homa rode over to the catlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally home rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally home rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the leater couneor the mars in is talle book
	layer_4: the lattr counter the morks in his tally book
	layer_6: the latter countderd the moroks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hunderedn seven y six he anouset
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he anounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he anounced
	layer_8: one hundred ad seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the mrkr squwat ed on ther hels told ove the bits of vears they ats saved
	layer_4: the marcar squat ed on ther hels told over the bits o vers they hat saved
	layer_6: the markes squated on their hiels told over the bits ef ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markes squatted on their heels told over the bitso ers they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: btha tole a mounid to but an hunder n seveny five
	layer_4: be tole amouned to but and hundre and seveny five
	layer_6: tet todle amouned to but in hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: the totl amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the totl amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: the total amounted to button hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fon tey wouldn descoveredid hs eipocket
	layer_4: finly wouldnt to scoveredit in as hit pocket
	layer_6: finaly wouldn't discovered it n his hip pocket
	layer_8: finally wouldn't discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_10: finally woolden't discoverd it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally wooden't discovered it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: theyad been doon a resslers have y work o the mornin tha did no seene to betire
	layer_4: they had ben doin arreslers heave you work all the morn in that did not seene to betired
	layer_6: they had been doing a reslers havey work al the morning thet did not seem to betired
	layer_8: they had been doing te restler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing tewrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing te wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a so wentcs as somecrank fhisical caltr periyouticole that a caboas life was visicaly led bounce licon orsmens in thated exter says donlas serta mues othe body
	layer_4: al so ence a somecraink fisical cultur periouticual that a caboys life was pysicall eild bounce lican orsmens in that ed extur cis donlys certain muses o the body
	layer_6: i'l som once a some crank physical culture perioticle that a caboy's life was physicall illd bounced like anorsmans in that id exercized donly certain mussls of the body
	layer_8: i'll sam once a some cranked physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: i'll saw once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: ill saw once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsmans in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

