file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: drained as he ad been usedto do when he was hat out thas cout forequento terniments
	layer_4: draint as he had been used to do when he was at othi's court frequenteternaments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at othor's court frequented ternaments
	layer_8: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athour's court frequented tournaments
	layer_10: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthor's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: drant as he had been used to do when he was at arthor's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: beforeduraint the scord tof the enemy i saw steeds white with thom and after the shout of battle a farful torint
	layer_4: before duraint the scord of the enemy i saw steeds white with fhome and after the shout of battle a farful torrent
	layer_6: before duraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fairful torrent
	layer_8: before guraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before durrant the scourged of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before durrant the scourged of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: these tidings came o rerban
	layer_4: these tidings came to herben
	layer_6: these tidings came to herbon
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbon
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not i by my confession unto heaven said she therewas nothing waet ha fol unto me then thiss
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there ias nothing wha hatful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wa hateful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tis she said ind the word he hd s pok end a wa him
	layer_4: and the tis she said ind the word she had sboken a wolke him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken awoke him
	layer_8: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betied me said he if thou returnesd hyea untill thou noset wether i ave los my streng so complyly as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evil be tied me said he if thou returnast he until thou nowsed whether i have los my strength so complitely as thou dist say
	layer_6: and evill betie me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then durain went to see erban
	layer_4: then duraint went to see erbin
	layer_6: then derain went to see urban
	layer_8: then gerane went to see urbon
	layer_10: then gorrain went to see urban
	layer_12: then gorrain went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he i'nd going upon a quest and i am not certain hen i may come back
	layer_4: sir said he i 'm going upon o quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon to quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon o quest and i 'am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i'm going upon a quest ond iam not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i'm going upon a quest ond i'm not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed therefo un to thi possestions until my return
	layer_4: take he therefore unto thy possessions untill my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one person only weol gort me
	layer_4: but one person only will got me
	layer_6: but one person only will got me
	layer_8: but one person only will gat me
	layer_10: but one person only will guat me
	layer_12: but one person only will gaut me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desiede ean itamount her hose and teride foad ind oe keep a long way before him
	layer_4: and he deside in et a mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way befvore him
	layer_6: and he deside eina to mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desied enat to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired ina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired ina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and un less i spek un to thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_4: and unless i speak unto the say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shut's desidt a see myh te fet in my death by the hands ofthose men yet tawie fhe ol kno dred
	layer_4: and though thou shoudts deside o see my tefeet in my death by the hands of those men yet do wife feeol no dread
	layer_6: and though thou shouldtst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet to wy feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: ind saye not one wored unto me andless i speak first unto the
	layer_4: and say not one word onto me unless ei speak first untof thee
	layer_6: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do as far as i can lo and said she accorig to thy desire
	layer_4: i will do as far as i can laand said she accoring to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i canlawd said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: i maden said he it his vain to attemperceeding fowad
	layer_4: i maiden said he it his vain to attemperseeding forwad
	layer_6: i maidon said he at his vain to a tempro ceding forward
	layer_8: i maiden said he it is vein to a temp roceeding forward
	layer_10: i maiden said he it is vein to a temp proceeding forward
	layer_12: i maiden said he it is vein to a temp proceeding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meand ry frand from sleepe throgh wearinessaid he do thoue therefure wash the horses and sleepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any means refran from sleep through wearines said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: t when hoeu saw the done o day appar she looked around erd to sei if hou ware waking en therepon he walke
	layer_4: ad whent shoe saw the dan a day appeair she a looked around e o see if he wele waking end there upon he wolke
	layer_6: and when she saw the danorf day appear she looked around er to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of de apper she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they left the wrd in the came to an opencountu with medals on one haind and mo was mowing the medows
	layer_4: and they left the wod in they came to an open counter with medalws on one hand and moas mowing the medows
	layer_6: and they left the wood and they came to an open county with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the madows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_10: tan they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: then they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my lord he added willl be displeasingto the if i ask whencs thou come asd allsome
	layer_4: my lord he added will ot be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comeas allsome
	layer_6: my lord he added will it be displeasing to the if i ask whence thou comest allso
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foul my counscilsaid the you tht and take the meol fror me
	layer_4: willhou fowow my councel said the youth and take thy meal fomr me
	layer_6: wilt thou follow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sord ofn meal he angquiede
	layer_4: what sort of meal he inquie
	layer_6: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: then they woshed and took their repesst
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repassd
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_10: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i gon now lord staid he to met the night anto condect him to his lodging
	layer_4: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to condact him to his lordging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to contuct him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lod said she as thou saset
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and e ter they hd eaten and drank drang went to sleep and soted in id also
	layer_4: and efter they had eaten and drank draim went to sleep and soted inid also
	layer_6: and after they had eaten and drank draime went to sleep and so id in it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drame went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drame went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drame went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un anpot but throuht the paried the offtesand men of the ship have ean unrymitingly busiy
	layer_4: the date seem ununmpornt but throut the paried the offies and men of the ship have been unremitdingly busy
	layer_6: the date seem ununpont but throout the parriod the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimpoint but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unumporint but troughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the date seem unimpornt but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bows attack the shipstoos survede re list and restod them saiting very muhpeaced by unsto a numros cases and stoing the contens in the lazer et
	layer_4: bows attack the shipsdors survede realist and restowed them saving very muh spaced by unstoig numerous cases and stowig the contense in the lazzarette
	layer_6: bows attackd the ship'sdoores surveyed relistond restowed them saving very much space by unstoig numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the shipstores surveyed relistand restowed them saving very much space by unstoing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relicted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarete
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed reliced and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazaret

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: wuthout steem the lea cannow be kept under with the hand pon by two dealy efits of a quarter ofanour to twentyminutes
	layer_4: without steam the leea cannow be kept under with the hand pun by two dearly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the leat cannow be kept under with the handpump by two daily effots of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily effrts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as a ship was and an a present heavily lad in condition hould certainly ove tak an threetifor ius each day
	layer_4: as a ship was and an a present heavily lad in condition  oulds certainly hof takeen three to for i as each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in a present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three tofor haas each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in a present heavily lade in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hous each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in he present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lage greeantent was put up and propisofports made forig
	layer_4: the lige green tent was put up and propeisif phorts made foritn
	layer_6: the lige greentent was put up and propesi orts made for
	layer_8: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the enternhim staflf and anisnes people on the engons sie tis was stoing ther labrtorse the cockry fitting his gally and sel oth ot a single spot but had is band of workers
	layer_4: the engenroom staff an anicness people on the engines sigentis was stoing their labertorge the cookrey fitting his galley and so worth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the enge room staff and anicens people on the engines scientis wasl stowing their labiratorgs the cook rey fitting has galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_8: the engie room staff and andisns people on the engines scientis was stowing their laborators the cook refitting has galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the engierooms staff and andeson's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookrefitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engie rooms staff and andeson's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookrefitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men s bace such as tis the areforextens from the fore hach the stem on the main dick
	layer_4: the men space such as itis they arefore exstends from the fourhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the men' space such as it is therefore extends from the fourehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is thefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men's bace such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men's sbace such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undor the forcasler s dalls wef fifteen ponies temaxeon the space would hold the narow rreguloa space and front as pack tagt woitdh fohter
	layer_4: under the fourcastlear stolls wirh fifteen ponies tlhe maxe on the space wouldhold the narrow erregulo space and front is pack tigte with fauhter
	layer_6: under the fourecastle or stolls woth fifteen ponies tlemaxil on the space would hold the narrow irregular sbace in front is pack tight with fohther
	layer_8: under the forecastle ar stalls wof fifteen ponies blhe maxil on the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is packe tight with fodder
	layer_10: under the forecastle ar stalls with fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle ar stalls with fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: meetely behind the for castlabocate s ta small blbehatch the onlyengers to the men's mes tack ond bad weather
	layer_4: meetely behind the forcastle bocatas a small boubehach the only enges to the men's mesdeck and bad weather
	layer_6: immeetely behind the fourecastle bolcate is a small boobyhatch the only enges of the men's mesteck and bad weather
	layer_8: immeeitely behind the fourecastle bulkade is a small boubyhatch the only inges of the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the forecastle bulkade is a small bouobi hatch the only inges of the men's mestek in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the forecastle bulkade is a small booby hatch the only inges of the men's mestek in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaf the forehachuas the ashous
	layer_4: abaf the fourhach es the asehouse
	layer_6: abouf the fourehatch es the asehouse
	layer_8: about the forehatch s the ace house
	layer_10: abov the fore hatch s the ace house
	layer_12: above the forehatch is the ace house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis ha get three tuns of ice one hundred sixy to cackases of mutton and three cackases of bef besidesome boxses of swee breds and kid nes into thi spase
	layer_4: we manued o get three tons of ice one hundred sixly too cockises of motton and three cockises of bef besidesome boxe of sweet breads and kidneies into thi space
	layer_6: we minaged to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two coceses of mutton and three coccases of beef beside some boxes of sweet breads and kidneyes into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of mutton and three cocases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_10: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidkneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mntanding this last at i to the goods alreadyimentsion make a really heavy deck cago and one his natually axious concerning in but averything ther can be done by lashing nscuring has ban don
	layer_4: the sax containding this last addi to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck ckago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everytheing thart can be done by lashing and scuring has bend done
	layer_6: the saxcontaining this last addide to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck kago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything thet can be done by lashing andscuring has been done
	layer_8: the saxs containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and doscuring has been done
	layer_10: the saks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and obsecuring has been done
	layer_12: the sacx containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deckcago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and obsecuring has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forige irigilly orted thirty tons of compresst otan ha from melboen
	layer_4: forige irigially orded thirty tons of compressed oten hay from melbone
	layer_6: forige iirigially ordered thirty tons ofe compressed oat and hay from melbone
	layer_8: forige iorigially ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melboune
	layer_10: foridge ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melboune
	layer_12: foridge ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbourne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seeme is holy inchanting and such af view fom some shelted suny corner in a gaden which blaces with maces of red in gold end flous tencsto feelings of  in ex pressible sat is factr with all things
	layer_4: the seeme is wholy in chanting and such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a gaden which blaces with masses of red ing golden flows tens ta feelings of inex pressible setisfact in with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is holy enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blazes with masses of red and golden flows tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the sceame is wholy enchanting and such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flows tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the sceam is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner ind a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the sceam is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner an a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a great mas a peopl es sembled
	layer_4: a great mass a people as sembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunch with the poty in the deun an company ship rerepowho
	layer_4: caan i lunch with the poty in the dzealand company ship rprho
	layer_6: ca an i lunch with the party n the dzealand company ship rupho
	layer_8: ca an i lunch with tae party in the zealan companyship ruperho
	layer_10: cay an i lunch with the party in the zeal and companyship rupeho
	layer_12: cay an i lunch with the party in the zeal and companyship rupehoo

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: telld ram to say ternover had a rise sundy night
	layer_4: tellid ram to say teron n overhed arised sundy night
	layer_6: teli gram to say teran overhad arised sunday night
	layer_8: telegrame to say tarnoverhad arised sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say tarranoverhad arised sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say taranoverhad arised sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: at thirds ledgedans across thf brake of the poop in thet s pace heir ther two alcupied by the after wince
	layer_4: a thirdsledge stands across the breake of the poop ind thit space hear ther two occupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop and te space here the two occupied by they after winch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop ind thi space here thetwo occupied by the after wench
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space heretheto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space heretheto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quantitis to ana have tons and te space ocupy considerable
	layer_4: the quantitiise to anta have tons and the space occupi considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two and half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ove a two feet by the strn but tis wil sooon be remitid
	layer_4: the ship was ov ea two feet by the sturn but this will soon be reminied
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be reminied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perforce be chaned up and thy re given what shelters tha forted iundeck but ther position is not enviable
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters of forted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter s afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: i is a pathetic atituede deeply significan of cold ind misery casionly somepore be shumittea long pat thetic ine
	layer_4: it is a pathetic atitude deeply significant of cold an misery casionaly some poor besamissa long pathetic wine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionally some poor bee semits a long pathetic wine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beas umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast umits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: theye ie genely onetit to one watch which easus matters but it is e squash
	layer_4: there are genarly anted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are generaly wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are generaly wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: theye are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: theye are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: later in the day the wind his vad to the west wourd hading a slaightly
	layer_4: later in the day the wind his vered to the westwod headting as slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his veed to the westwood heaing u slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heaing us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has vieed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has vied to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otand acconson with intermintinucistence fromothers or busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_4: oats an aconson with intrmitten as sistance rom others were busi keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oats and ackinson with intermittin assistancs from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akenson with intermitten assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid but to graple with the evil an theailly all he ands wle laboring for hours in the waite t of the ship heaving cole saxo e board and relashing the patural casees sedera in te best man apossible und e such divercultd and dangers sircumsances
	layer_4: there was nothing forw it but to grapele with the evil an neairly all hands will laboring for hours in the wist tof the ship heaving col sax overboard and realashing the petral cases setera and the best man apossible und e such difficult and dangers circumsances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the wist of the ship heaving coald sexs overboard and relashing the petral cases cetera and the best man apossible under such difficult and dangeros circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing for id but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waihst of the ship heaving coald seck overboard and relashing the petroal cases ecetera and the best man ir possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the weist of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petroal cases etcetera and the best man ir possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal secx overboard and relashing the petrol cases et cetera and the best man if possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semblance of ador restoodthan some axceptionly heavywav would terway the lashing and the work hat to bedont allowver again
	layer_4: no soone was some semblance of arder restored hand some exceptionally heavy wave would tearr way the lashing and the work had to be dont all over again
	layer_6: no sooner was some semblance of orderestored than some exceptionally heavy waved would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about foar y am the enderamn became the centr of intrest
	layer_4: from this moment about for iam the enduroom became these centre of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for i am the enjeoom became these centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about for i am the enger om became the centere of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about for i am the engineroom became the centre of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four i am the engine room became the center of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat agane hi sbyt of every efft
	layer_4: the watagained his spite of every affit
	layer_6: the wad e gained his spite of every effit
	layer_8: the watergained i spite of every effit
	layer_10: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look a paaed grim
	layer_4: the out look a paed grim
	layer_6: the outlook a pared grim
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grim

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mount of wadewas has being made with the ship so ruphly handd was most an sertain
	layer_4: the amount of wader wardh has being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_6: the amount of water which as being made with the ships so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water wich was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: willyunms had to confesse was beaten ind must ra fis what was to be done
	layer_4: williuam's had to confass he was beaten and must drau ies what was tobe done
	layer_6: williams had to confess he was beaten ind must draw hires what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten ind must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_12: willyams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the build propersd apended on the mainengion
	layer_4: the built propers apendet on the main engine
	layer_6: the built propes depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the bilt prompes dependent on the main engine
	layer_10: the bilt prompis dependent on the main engine
	layer_12: the bilt prompis dependent on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on one occasion i as wa tdeep en standing on the real of the fook
	layer_4: on one occasion i was way tsteep when standing on the rail of the fok
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wait teep when standing on the rail of the foo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the foo
	layer_10: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the pop

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftrgod were organeizsd and two pod hisd by evans to work buckets the men wore kapt steadly going on the choked hand pums the seemed awl ther cold be done forthe moment and ae omeague o count as thae sol safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attemp to bail ar out
	layer_4: the after gad were organized and two podies by evons to work buckets the men ware kapts steadily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all there could be done for the moment and one a meajure account as the soul safe got of the ship from sinking practically in attempto bale ar out
	layer_6: the after god were organized an two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and wot a measured to count as the soule safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all there could be done for the moment and hat a measure to count as the sole safe got of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: accasinly ar heavy see would beare one of the moway and he was anly sayve by his chan
	layer_4: occasionally a heavy see would beare one of the maway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: now this s how ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how authur hunded th stagg
	layer_6: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_8: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the last dad it was let lose was a favorit doga ather coveol was his name
	layer_4: an the last doggd at was let lose was a favourite dog of ather cov a was his name
	layer_6: and the last dogta was let oose was a favorite dog of athor kava was his name
	layer_8: and the last dogda was let loose was a favorite dog of athur kaval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dogna was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur caval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog nat was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur caval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the deapth hourn for slaying andthey ilre gather drod
	layer_4: then they sound of the deatph harn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_6: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that ishe be givento the lady best be loved by him and anow that to the lady whom he loved baest
	layer_4: one wishd that i ho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anothat to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it sould be givento the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it soud be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and after mid day they be held an unshapely litle man upona hose and after him a dam ore  damsal also one hos bec and afto her anight of ligestathure boud down and hang yg is had low and sorrow fully an clad an broken and worthlss hammor
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dam or a damsel also on hos back and after her u night of lige statchur bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_6: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also one hoseback and after her a night of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad an broken and worthless armour
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low aned sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lige stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not ho they a said he but i know said gine over this is the night whom draint pesude and me thing that he comes not er by his on frew will
	layer_4: i know not ho they are said he but i know said gine of er this is the night hom juraint pursuit and me things that he comes not hear by his own free will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenover this is the night whom jeraint pursuied and me things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevar this is the night whom juraint pursuied and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevar this is the knight whom gerrant pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenevar this is the knight whom gerrant pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but duraintis ov a takenim in aeveng in sulv to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_4: but jurainters ov ar taken im an evenge the in sult to the maiden to the unermost
	layer_6: but jeraintes overtaken him an avenge the insul to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_8: but gerantas overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerantahas overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but geranta has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gate the ias a night and i sawn never a man of so pitifule and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspec to look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there as a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect a look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect a look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he e tells me that he his etterin the some of nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is edteran the son of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: bhen she replied i know him not
	layer_4: then she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gwone ofver went to the gat to medt him an he entwered
	layer_4: so goone ofer went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so goinoveur went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: so guenevar went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so guenevart went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so guenevar went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and durain greed s thy well and angreeding the he compeld me a comhi ther to du theiy pleasur  for he insult which thy mad an receive from the dwaf no whetit hy of a take thy
	layer_4: and duraint greeds the well and engreeding the he compelled me to com hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy madend receive from the dwarf noh wheredid he overtake thee
	layer_6: and duraint greeds the well and ingreeting the he compelld me to come hether to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidend receive from the dwarf nowhere did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and duraint greeds thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden receive from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durant greeds thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hitherto do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durant greeds thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hitherto do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sirsaid she when think istdou that duraint will be her
	layer_4: sir said she when think esdou that durained will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest tou that jeraintd will be here
	layer_8: sir said she whenthinkest thou that gerane will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraind will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraind will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: tmorlaysmi think you wll be hearewate h mateon
	layer_4: tomoro la i think you will be here wat the maitdon
	layer_6: tomorolat i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_8: to morowla i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_10: to morrow lay i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_12: to morrow lay i think you will be here with the maiden

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lord said he and have met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lod said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: well thall ather from what i hereit behoese gwiver to be musful to ids the
	layer_4: well tall ather fom what i heare it behoese gwninver to be mersful tords thee
	layer_6: well ell ather from what i hear it behove gunver to be mercful towards thee
	layer_8: well ell arther from what i hear it behoves guenvir to be merciful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves guenever to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mort hy which thou desireus lod said she will iegran to him since it isas nsulting to the that an inceult should be offr to me as to thyself
	layer_4: the merstly which thou desirus lod said she will i grand to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grand to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirous lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus will be best to dot said ather let this man hade matc recare antill ot be known whether he may liv
	layer_4: thus willl be best to dute said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus willt be best to doe said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus wil it be best to doc said arthour let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwever rn her hand mid n said he
	layer_4: to gever and her hand made and said he
	layer_6: to guetave her an her handmaden said he
	layer_8: to gueife her in her handmaiden said he
	layer_10: to guedve her in her hand maidens said he
	layer_12: to gwedv her in her handmaidens said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the stuteof the househoul so orded her
	layer_4: in the ster of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: in the stuod of the household so ordered her
	layer_8: in the steat of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stewart of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stewart of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being young he changed himself and gru to hate the sin that seemed so like ais on of modred ut thes nehew and fell at last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of madred ougt hoes nephew and fell it last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of moderid othis nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: in when drand came to the place woat one of er was he salded er
	layer_4: at when duran came to the place woergone of her was he salutedher
	layer_6: and when jerane came to the place whee gwuene ofv her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when geran came to the place where ene of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when gerran came to the place where one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when geran came to the place where one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they wentein in dhismounted
	layer_4: then they went in in dis mounted
	layer_6: then they went in anddismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven protack thy said ather and the walkm of haven be untr the
	layer_4: heaven protect the said ather and the walkome of heaven be untr the
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said ather and the walkme of heaven b unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athur and the wolcom of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the walcomb of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee sais arthur and the walcomb of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and ind his much as thouh has vanuishd edneroon the son of nod thou has had a prosperos careea
	layer_4: and in is much as thou has vanquished ednyrin the son of nud thou hast ohad a prosperu's carea
	layer_6: and inis much as thou hast vanquished ednyron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous careea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednerin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carer
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edniron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edniron the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time yoy became as wife
	layer_4: and from that time shou became his wife
	layer_6: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and the madend took up her abot in the pause and she had many compainions both menon woman and the was no madein more steemed thand she in the island of brion
	layer_4: and the maiden took up her a boat in the palse and she had many companions both men ine women and the was no madeean more steamed an she in the island of britaon
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboat in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abodt in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteeme than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteem than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteem than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and he year and a sacond ana third he proceeded thus untill his faine had flowne over the face of the kingdtom
	layer_4: and a year and a second an authird he proceeded thus until his fain ad flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fein had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fane had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he proceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greats the well has an uncli sha great his neph ou and as e vasele shol great his lord
	layer_4: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet is nehew and as a vassel should greet his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vastal should greet his lord
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the neig bring chiefs knowing mis s grow incslluntwrd him and covert his land and posessions
	layer_4: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow incelen tord him and coverd his land and possessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolen tward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and ot the told urand the cause of the mission andof the coming of the imbassites to him out of conwal truely said jraint be at to mi idvantaga disadvantage lod i will do accorting to thyi well concerningthas sempasy
	layer_4: and othe told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the embascitis to him out of conwall truly said duraint beatomyivantage o disatvantage lod i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_6: and authe told yuraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassatos to him out of counwall truly said jouraint beit to myadvantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_8: and othatold you an't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said guraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy
	layer_10: and athatold your ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said gourraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_12: and athatold your ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said dourraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discourse said gonever to i heav betweenkyou
	layer_4: what discourse said goneover to i heare between you
	layer_6: what discourse said gonover tdo i here between you
	layer_8: what discourse said gunevar do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said guenevarh do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said guonevar do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said draint i think i shal have anough of knightod with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said derainet i think i shall have enough of nighthoad with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said jeraint i think i shall have enough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_10: said derraind i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said derrand i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti seen a faira hose journing towardsteseveren
	layer_4: and never was thi seen a fhaira host journeing towards a severegn
	layer_6: and never was there seen a fairo host journeying towards a severen
	layer_8: and never was there seen a farah host journeying towards a severn
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairerh host journeying towards a severen
	layer_12: and never was there seen a fairerh host journeying towards a severen

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saidte jurant i am a feieble an a nageed man and walst i was able to maintein the demeaans for thee in ar myself i dit so
	layer_4: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in an ag ed man and walst i was able to maintain the demiaons for thee in for myself y did so
	layer_6: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in an aged man and whalst i was able to maintain the demeiains for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to jurant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the domions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to derrant i am a feeble and and aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to derrant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominons for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thevery one ouske that whal she desided
	layer_4: and nevery one asked that what she desid
	layer_6: and every one asked that what she desided
	layer_8: and everyone asked that what she desired
	layer_10: and everyone asked that whac she desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that whit she desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they we not long n giving so eaar was every ondeo besto gis and af those who came to askgivs non depotted unsatis fied
	layer_4: and they were not long and giving so eage was every wone tor besto gifts and of those who came to ask ivfs none depoted onsatisfied
	layer_6: and they were not long and giving so eagl was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long in giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: then draints and imbasses to the men of cornwao to asked themss
	layer_4: then durainsand imbasses to the men of cornwile to asked themess
	layer_6: then derain send ambasses to the men of cornwale to ask the miss
	layer_8: then gerain send embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_10: then gderrain sent embassas to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_12: then gerrain sent embassas to the men of cornwall to ask themis

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that i would be the fulnes of joan oner to theem for uraint to comon receiv their armage
	layer_4: and they al said that it would be the fullness of joan hono to them for jurreint to com an received their armage
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joyan honour to them for jeraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he receeve the omoge of such as where theer
	layer_4: so he received the ormage of such as were there
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day after the followas of ather intenesd de goway
	layer_4: and the day after the follows of ather antendaed o goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of athur an tended to go away
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followes of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: an nhember o other dayts wer observe wort t e cricion church iof verioes times as the birtety ojeses they gos was givf no date and ap bear to be quite and certain really ignoer abot it
	layer_4: a number of other dates were observed wrt the criscan church of verious times is the birty ofbjesus the gost was give no date and a bear to be quite and certain really ignor about it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed wher the christian church of various times as the birty of jesus the goss was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed whet the christian church of various times as the birthda of jesus the goss was give no date and appeare to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed wet the christian church of various times as the birthday of jesus the goths was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed wot the christian church of various times as the birthday of jesus the goths was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: yeef there is no eviden e thay he was born al mhat day
	layer_4: yet there is no evidence that he was bornal that day
	layer_6: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: why t is discrecpment stey in his storcl document to say nohing abolt anspiration
	layer_4: whit is descrectmentscthe indt his storical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_6: why t is descreptment y in th historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: why does discripmency inthehistorical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why does discrepmancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why does discripmancy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: again mateu says that to xcave the eble isignds of harid maryinjosiv wit the infent jesus flat indto egit lops is nothing abouthis herd flight nor of haris intantion o kil ty infot nde sia
	layer_4: again matew says that to excape the eble designs of harid mary an josiv with the infant jesus flet into egypt loops has nothing about his hurrae flight nor of heros intantiont o kill the infent decia
	layer_6: again matie says that to escape the egle designs of harid marianjosevph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lupse has nothing about this hurrid flight nor of harrod's intention to kill the infant disiah
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the egil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt lucsays nothing about this hurried flight nor of harod's intention to kill the infant dassiah
	layer_10: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of harod's intention to kill the infant nessiah
	layer_12: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mariand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luk says nothing about this hurried flight nor of harod's intention to kill the infant nessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: when he comn t the more importain chafters abodieses whe ea wit quetter difficulties
	layer_4: when whe come to them more emportant chapers obout jeses we mea with guiter difficulties
	layer_6: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with quat ur difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with quitter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with gritter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with gritter difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: wly is always on ofriday that the cruseficties commimerated the weaken which the day accuras very efmngeure to year
	layer_4: whiy is always on afriday that the cruws fiction s commimorated the weken which the day occur as varys frm geur do year
	layer_6: while is always on a friday that the crusfiction is commemorated the weak in which the day occur s varieus frm gar to year
	layer_8: while i is always on a friday that the crucifixtion is commemorated the week in which the day occur is various fromyar to year
	layer_10: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occuris varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occur s varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good fride fhals not before this pringiequrenoxs but as soo afer thi sprin equlenoncs as the fuole moon lols thus making tha caculation to dpan upon the position of the sgn n izuldiec and the fas of te moon
	layer_4: good frada fales not before this pring equinocxs but as soon after th spring equinoc as the ful moon louwvs thus making the caculation to depain upon the position of the sgn and he zoldiec and the fases of the moon
	layer_6: good frida falls not before thes spring equanoxs but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depain upon the position of the sun an the zodiag and the pases of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinoxh but as soon after the spring equinoxh as the full moon lowus thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun ad the zodiec and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiac and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the pakon ot steria has become e cristian easter
	layer_4: the paken orsteia has become a christian easter
	layer_6: the paan ousteria has become a christian easter
	layer_8: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan austaria has become a christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austeria has become a christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: lut in the abtceins of evienaencs ordeian offers of polly midip ans wco arguments igainsis cepticalselces one
	layer_4: but in the abtence of evidence orgian offers of follow medipans cal arguments aginstes keptical selses one
	layer_6: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of follown medifinsical arguments againsthesceptical celses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence origin offers of followng met aphysical arguments against theskeptical celses one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers tof following metaphysical arguments against the keptical selses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers tof following metaphysical arguments against theceptical selses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are tom have ani mithologt all he seems to ar ou why objc to atdin tlit the misof gesus
	layer_4: if we are to have any moutholog te all he seems to argu hy object to adding to it the mis of jesus
	layer_6: if we are to have any methology at all he seems to arguee why object to adding to it the midss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mids of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mids of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mids of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the immedit companons of geses appere to be on mether hand as mithi golas he is inmself
	layer_4: the immediite companions of jeses appear to be on mether hand as mitti glas he is imself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on mether hand as mithglas he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on thether hand as mythgl as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythigal as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mathou whit was mark
	layer_4: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_6: who was matthew who was mar
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: who were jhn peter jutuse and mary
	layer_4: who were jahn peter judics and marry
	layer_6: who were john peter judis and mary
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is abiatly no eviden that the ever existed
	layer_4: there is abtuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abtately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is abtutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is absulutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peter everwint o romne with anow dockron howse t that no hi storyiaon haes take a not of him
	layer_4: if peeter ever went to ron with he new dokrin house ot that no histstorion has take en note of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rome with he new dokrin howsetd that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with he new docrine hous it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with he new doctrine hows it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with he new doctrine hows it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: he ragin we see tha presentce of a mith
	layer_4: he again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_6: heragain we see the presence of a myth
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the oy ot his saw t hem
	layer_4: he was the only hant his saw them
	layer_6: he was the only what has saw them
	layer_8: he was the only ote hi saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one i saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one i saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pall gohn jams jutis occupy the stage an mos eschusively
	layer_4: peter paul john james jutis accupy the stage anlmost exchlusively
	layer_6: peter paul john james judis ackep o the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judas occupi the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is imposl to explain withecontimprarts of jesus the authers ind the his storian sef the se time you not tak notice of him
	layer_4: it is impostle to explain whither contemporaries of jesus the authurs ind the his storiancs of thes time dou not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is impossitble to explain while the contemporaries of jesus the authors and th historians of thes time do not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thise time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of this time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of his time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: foul the had been a consperc an sthim
	layer_4: for they had been in a consperce againstt him
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: how is us hits imenim as soiensed b ocaulatd for
	layer_4: how us as hthis imanamou solence dt be acoutetd for
	layer_6: how ls as hi this umanimous silence to be accountened for
	layer_8: how wels as this umanimous silence to be accounted fort
	layer_10: how els his hthis unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how els dois hthis unanimous silence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how then a wy to decide which o ther adnumorous cenned its for tivevind honor should begivein aurvoats
	layer_4: how thend a we to decideo which oth anumerous kennedates for divine honor should be givin our votes
	layer_6: how then are wa to decide which of the anumerous kennadates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which of the numerous kanedates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which f the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a fath is neverfree ie is always may tainme bt a sord now and bi hel far her aftern
	layer_4: and such a faith is never free het its always main tan but a sword now and by hell far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but ha sword now and by heal far hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but tae sword now and by helfare hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but t sword now and by hell far hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but a sword now and by hell far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yef them most impossl utternces ar put in e ous mouth
	layer_4: get the most impossible utterances are putainge es mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossible utterances are putinjustus mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are putin getos mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are putting tous mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are putting je's mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: only i mithticl esus condviertualy hand over th gonm a evers to corters who have potations to pressupon his attention
	layer_4: only a mythical esous convertually hand over the gom atevers to qoarters who have petations to press up on his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical jesus coulnvertually hand over the goverm at ivers to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the governmnet levers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government levers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government allevers to quarters who have patitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: morover if jusous cold keek his promis there would be to day no miser n the world no orpancs no child es mothers no shipprecs no flods no fanmens no izes no cuipled children no antsnty no wars no crim no ron
	layer_4: moreover ivf utus could keep his promis there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childuss mothers no shiprecks no floods no famons no dizease no crippled children no andsanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_6: moreover if jesas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childes mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famins no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childest mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesas could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childish mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childish mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: haviese prayers been answered
	layer_4: havis prayers been answered
	layer_6: heavy's prayeras been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayerhas been answered
	layer_10: heavys prayer has been answered
	layer_12: heavys prayer has been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: howe self o leade profetcs these extraving and clams hee paroduced
	layer_4: hew any self do lud propfets these extraving at claims have produced
	layer_6: howany' self deluid prophets these extravangant claims have produced
	layer_8: how any self deluid profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: and who can ntumboere the bieer es uoppoaintmets cause by sich an posibal promises
	layer_4: and who can number the bier dius appointments caused by such ind possible promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bttertdesappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the samg wich ap precures of to dayagiv he pared his ance with miny words and at leng said at the promise was re takieng with tho provision that whl we asket for would begiven ive go tugt it for u good
	layer_4: the same which tha preacures of to daygive he pairied his anse with many words and at lenkt said that the promise was retaken with the provision that whelt we asked for would begiven if go thought it for our good
	layer_6: the same which the preacheres of to day give he paried his ansr with many words and at length said that the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_8: the same which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: bert he said if hyo ask kethling an my name i will do it and if it weue not so i would have told you
	layer_4: put he said if yeu ask enthiy in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if heu ask ethng in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask athing in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: that he not mean just wher he said
	layer_4: tat he not mean just whate he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just wht he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: self effort and not praer is a rimi agains egnents slavery poverty ind more degradation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is a rimidt against ignurance slavory poverty and more degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is arremued against ignorance slavery poverty and morl degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is arremiued against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is arremie against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is arremide against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbetermin not olygeo kno if it is possible the hole true h ebout deses but asoedto communicate that tru thw others
	layer_4: but i am be termine not only to kno if it is possible the hole truth about jesus but alo to communicate that tru thrugh others
	layer_6: but i am betermined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth thrug others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that trut thrugh others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth through others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth through others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but there ise more of a moral tonic an the open in caned disgcussion of a subjet like the one an hand then in the multitude oplatitides
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tonic an the open incan ad discussion of a subjecth blike the one in hand than in ta multitude a platitudes
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open and candad discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candyd discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candidiscussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never dalivera lecture in which ato not geiad drecklyt or interectly if foulin fr x spression to my fath and everything thas worly ofpfach
	layer_4: i never delive r alecture in which i dou not ita drectly or indirectly ive full en fre expression to my faith ind everything thas worly of fath
	layer_6: i never delive r e lecture in which i do not get e directly or intdirectly giv full in frey expression to my faith and everything that is worly of faith
	layer_8: i never delive a lecture in which i do not eithe directly or indirectly iv full and fre expression to my faith in everything that is worhly of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if i t om not believ en dogma is because i bleve an freetom
	layer_4: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe en freedom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars down ber he's not bild ut is an other crissesn oa but my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he terrs down but he's not builld up is another cris ism aboupt my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another chrisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another chirictism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another chirticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another chiriticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no preature appret es more constructive
	layer_4: no prature appret is more constructive
	layer_6: no preacher a prect is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher a prat is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a pract is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a prat is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: clashdr ind truth ind jile ygagin the mou of the stoond is at builld n up ortaryng down
	layer_4: clashin truth and jel yag ing the mouth of the stoonent is that buildeng up or tarying down
	layer_6: clasping truth in jail yagging the mouth of the student is that building up ore taring down
	layer_8: clasping truth in jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up ore tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth in jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth in jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brinal lid a new torch to andcrease e lie of the world whot as is we ward the stake
	layer_4: when brinele light a new torch to andcreased a li of the world who was is eward the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel light a new torch to increase a lie of the world what was his fwoard the stake
	layer_8: when brynnel lighed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his foard the stake
	layer_10: when brynol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his for ward the stak
	layer_12: when brynold lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his for ward the stak

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: caut your rits polticl religius social intellectiual antely wich of them was cokuret for you by  a prestd
	layer_4: caunt yur rites political religios social intellectual intel me which of them was coquredt for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rightes political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights poliical religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: i whith a tel you something
	layer_4: i which u tell you something
	layer_6: i wish i tell you something
	layer_8: i wish ti tell you something
	layer_10: i wish i tell you something
	layer_12: i wish i tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe first liss be impersonal be opatits i reverent glassfomer aithiest and infidall ar flung at a man not frompity bet from invy
	layer_4: but first less be impersonal the apathites ir reverent glast pamer eighthiest and infidele hor flung an a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_6: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphamer athiest and infidele ar flung and a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_8: but first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphomer atheist and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but first lets be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but first lets be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: not havin t a curage r the indistry of or neghbor who works like o busy be in the world of minan books searchin with ha swet of his brow for the reall bread of life whet in he open page offor him with his tears pushionto the we hours the night his quest and mad but a fairst of all lovs the leve of truth we ease are own indilant conscience by klind him names
	layer_4: not having the courage ore the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world o min an books seaching with a swead of his brow for the rel bread of life whet in the open page of ford him with his tears pushin into the we hours of the night his quest and mad ae but a fairist of all loves the love of truth we ease aure own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with he swead of his brow for the real bread of life wheat an hy open page aford him with his tears pushing into the whe hours of the night his quest andimade byt tha fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wheat any open page afford him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life what any open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life what any open page afford him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i ap prose to ceiti i heard belsringing and lo later i fon the strets a ster with throngs of woldres people in family groups wyn ding the way hither indither
	layer_4: as i approachd te city i heard bells ringing and alte later i found the streets a stir with throngs of wol dressed people in family groups winding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approached ta city i heard he bells wringing and a lte later i found the streets af stir with throngs of welld dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and tither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard th bells ringing and alitle later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard the bells ringing ad a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard the bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: look ing abaut me i saw gentlement in a neet black dress smiling and his han extenen to me with grat oar giality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw e gentlement in a neat black dress smilimg and his han extenento me with great corgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlement in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great corgiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he must af rillas owas astranger and wished e tinere his hospbitallhy to me i a ceptid at grateflly i clasd his hand he pressed mine
	layer_4: he must ave rillasd i was a stranger and wished yro tinderd his hosbital he to me i accept id at gratefully i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have reallized i was a stranger and wished to tinder his hospitaliy to me i acceptet it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed fora momuslightlyainto egto ther's eyes
	layer_4: we gazed for a momenths  lightly into ea eo ther's eyes
	layer_6: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of courst you re going their too i said to my ferintly gid
	layer_4: of course you are going their too i said to my friently guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i sad to my friendly guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i cannope the worsho i am ap priesed
	layer_4: yes he answered i cannouck the worsha i am apriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuct the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: tan itle i v whicsered tken mes sapprise
	layer_4: an idle i whisered taken bes surprise
	layer_6: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they worsh am god thay id not exist
	layer_4: they worshop god they did not exist
	layer_6: they worship god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshiped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: bhut the greeks loved their godes o protsted my har clawmen my bresasd
	layer_4: but the greeks loved their gods iprotested my heart clanrin my breaset
	layer_6: but the greeks love their gods i protested my heart clamrin my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamer in my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamourd in my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamored in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: no i said in a lowe voice
	layer_4: no i said in a low voice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itloe thim and not a god
	layer_4: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idole then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i made atfhan a seey of light a created the beaful the true the good yes aur rligin was divvine
	layer_4: it made ath in o sea of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes are ligion was divine
	layer_6: it made aten to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made aten to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: theit had only one falt intrope do my gid what was that
	layer_4: that had only one faugt intropkd hi my guide what was that
	layer_6: thit had only one fault andtropke i my guide what was that
	layer_8: that had only one fault andtroke at my guide what was that
	layer_10: that had only one fault introqedo my guide what was that
	layer_12: that had only one fault introqeo my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i aequired without noine what his answwould be it was not tre
	layer_4: i inquired without knoine whit his answerwould be it was not tre
	layer_6: i inquired without knowing wut his answrwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answr would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: prerdo s hoim
	layer_4: produce him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wulhu to myself what blass fo me
	layer_4: i wilh hwe co myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wishde to myself what blasfor me
	layer_8: i wishd i to myself what blasfor me
	layer_10: i wisheyoi to myself what blastper me
	layer_12: i wishit to myself what blastpher me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thin taking heart i told my guid how mordtan once i had felt u polos radinat presence in my heart and hold him of the immorda lineds of homeer concerne i o on apollow
	layer_4: then taking heart i told my guid how more than once i had felt  pollows rading at presence in my heart and old him of the mmortal lines of homeer concernd the divon apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollow's radinant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homeer concernd the divin apollow
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radinat presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concernined the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: do you dout homemar
	layer_4: do you doubt homer
	layer_6: do you doubt homer
	layer_8: do you doubt homer
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i said o him homor the inspired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: no no a pollo was notanigtal
	layer_4: no no a pollow is not anitle
	layer_6: no no a pollo is not an idle
	layer_8: no no apollo is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apollo is not an idle
	layer_12: no no apollo is not an idle

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and has son of agod
	layer_4: he has a god and tha son of a god
	layer_6: he is a god and ha son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and tha son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the are was heavy with insence an number of manon corgeoes vesstmentcs were passing to infro bow ent innealing befor thave various lies and images
	layer_4: the air was heavy with instence a number of men ancorgees vestments were passing to infro bow an in nealing before the  various lihes an images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with instance a number of men and corgeous vestments were passing to and fro bow an and kneeling before the various lihes and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with instante a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowind and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incanse a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incanse a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: obzevryng myangsie to unerstand the mean of lall this my gui toooe meas side and ina whispera told neto e peop wer cillobrine ienversry of the bertty other betifulsaoure jesus the sun of god
	layer_4: obsevering my anxi to understand the mean of all this my gui took me aside and in a whisper told me that the pepe were cillebrai n the anaverseary of the berthty o their rutiful savure jesus the son of god
	layer_6: observeing my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guyd took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were acylebratin the inniversary of the birthy of their beautiful savioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiey to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebratind the anniversary of the birthdy of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guyd took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the means of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: forguit upollo he said with his ugetion of sevarit hin his voice
	layer_4: forget apollo he said with his agecian of severiting his voice
	layer_6: forget apallo he said with his ugesion of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget appollo he said with a aggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with hi saggestion of severitying his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with hi saggestion of severity in his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idal
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idole
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idole

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if you woudis search for a poloant all the invershe wouldnever find e one answerinto his nawordiscription
	layer_4: if yo would a search for a pollowent all the universe he would never find e one answering to his nam whor description
	layer_6: if you would a search for a pollowent all the universe yhu would never find anyone answering to his nam or description
	layer_8: if you would asearch for apoloent all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you would a search for apolloman all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you would a search for apolloman all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wint ishe gesous i hastin turnin tward him
	layer_4: i wntoshe jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_6: i woant to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning towards him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: wiol he not be heare ismorning
	layer_4: well he not be here this morning
	layer_6: will he not be here this morning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: wlhe not spek to his worshopers i as again
	layer_4: wil he not speak to his warshippers i asked again
	layer_6: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: will he not speak to his worshipers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he not hero mit intretouchom to coress his hand to class has devind feet to anhel the em brogual fragrence of his briath too bask inm ta gold in lihe it his eyes to her t a mus ic of hs i maculat accense
	layer_4: weill he nop hermith intotouch him to coress his hand to class his divind feet to anheld the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask an the golden light of his eyes to hear themusic of his emaculate excence
	layer_6: will he not permit tin to touch him to caress his hand to class his divined feet to unhel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divined feet to inhel the embrosal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feat to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feat to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i askd my yesfhellwith wonder in my voice quuiving with ex sitment
	layer_4: i asked my eyes fillwith wonder and my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_6: i asked my eyes fil with wonder and my voice quiving with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fil with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then i venthed to ask impatiently make esus as much ovf ant idleias a polow
	layer_4: would not that then ivvench to ask impatiently make tesis as much ov an idale is a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venthed to ask impatiently make desus as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventue to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and if faiteh at yesus is a god prusom agod whil wl not fap in upollow mak hinwagod
	layer_4: and itf faithat jesis is a god prousim a god whil will not fath in a pollow make him agod
	layer_6: and if taith that jesus is a god prove him a god why will not faith in apollow make him agod
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a mith is af fanc wo exwanation of agiven fornomenon
	layer_4: imith his a fancfl expination of a given fhoenomenone
	layer_6: i mith as a fancil explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: i meth is a fancul explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: i meth is a fansiful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: i meth is a fansful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the mincrase fore knowlege the child asquestions wbecause ifneim bornng desargt o no
	layer_4: the mind cras for knowledge the child ask questions wecause of an imbornng desir eto know
	layer_6: the mind cras for knowledge the child as questions because ofan imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind craes for knowledge the child asked questions because of an umborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an umborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an umborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowind min they cin closin of e stapity gother
	layer_4: now and then they cane closing uf dosnapity gother
	layer_6: now and then they came closingufh to snapityach other
	layer_8: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with this mithose the prom to man was tatisfigede and he has developin intiligancs reallas its in neiquasy sciencs was born of that relization
	layer_4: with this mit those the proome to man was tetisfied and ho has develop in intelligence realoseits inaniquicy science was born of that relization
	layer_6: with this mithos the proome to man was tatisfied und who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that relization
	layer_8: with this mithos the room to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequecy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mythos the broom to man was satisfied and who hase developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the broom to man was satisfied and who hase developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the merth of a one ie people livin an india has in replace by acur infermatiingconcerin toe hindues
	layer_4: the meth of a one i people livein an india has bin replace by acure information concerin the hindews
	layer_6: the mith of a one eyed people living an india has been replaced by accur information concering the hindoers
	layer_8: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurt information concerning the hindos
	layer_10: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindos
	layer_12: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindos

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misus preciso the yuse to which mis hav ein plut
	layer_4: and missus precise od thet use to which mis haveni put
	layer_6: and missus precised that use to which mis haven put
	layer_8: and missus precise the use to which mens have en put
	layer_10: and missus precisely the use to which mes have been put
	layer_12: and missus precisely the use to which mes have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is yu usamit
	layer_4: is juisamith
	layer_6: is jeuusemith
	layer_8: is jesssamith
	layer_10: is jesussamyth
	layer_12: is jesussamyth

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is and man afaculty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: if hinse less in at gessis
	layer_4: if thins less an it guesses
	layer_6: it thinks lessthan it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which unterducses o be into a mouthof imagination curbanits pace and subdoin its erelintles spirt
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into te mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subdoing its re lentless spirt
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of beinto the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces a i into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curving its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fyoell the space abouan overus ofs spirits fairies gods an other in visib an ary bens
	layer_4: we fell to space about an over uss war spirits fairies gods an other invisibl one ary beans
	layer_6: we feel a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans
	layer_8: we fele a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beimgs
	layer_10: we feeld a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beins
	layer_12: we feeld a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbe cve at the rain bow we reach ou for a moon
	layer_4: becove rtd the rainbow we reache out for a moon
	layer_6: wecovert the rainbow we reache out for the moon
	layer_8: e covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we coveret the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: our feete not rely begin atuchd of farm groun and u we have reache the years of discression
	layer_4: our feet not rely beging a touched o firm ground and we have reachd the years of discretion
	layer_6: our feet not really being o touch the firm ground and i we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really being ta touch th firm ground un ti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really being a touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really being ta touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sigence was not born til man and maccurd
	layer_4: science was not borntil man hand matured
	layer_6: science was not born til man had matured
	layer_8: science was not born till man had matured
	layer_10: science was not born utill man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born utill man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gwn ut people crehit signs
	layer_4: gonup people creeis science
	layer_6: gowng up people creted science
	layer_8: goan up people creaed science
	layer_10: gon up people created science
	layer_12: gon up people created science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creatle is the woum of al ther fairies and face ond ankime
	layer_4: the cretl is the woumb of all the fairies and face a ankime
	layer_6: the cratle is the woumb of all the fairies and face an mankine
	layer_8: the cradle is the woomb of all the fairies and face o mankine
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face of mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face of mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: tie school as the birshlacehas sigence
	layer_4: te school as the berth laces scigence
	layer_6: tis school is the birth places science
	layer_8: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_10: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_12: this school is the birthplaces science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: relegin of the sigens of the child
	layer_4: religin of the siene of the child
	layer_6: religion is the science of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: in thet discusiof is subject i avpeele to thematcure not to the child mind
	layer_4: in the discussio of his subject i appale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child' mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of his subject i appealed to the mature not to the child's mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he has gods mouh piece and no one ma disagrwith him
	layer_4: he has gods mauth pece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has god's mouth pece and no one may disagreew with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the olyway i ma omman urespect is oe reusonable
	layer_4: the only way i mak coman yar respect is to be resonable
	layer_6: the only waig i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let ust place or silves and trelyng the hands of the ovidence
	layer_4: let us place our selves and tirelyg the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place our silves entireling the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place ourselves entirelyin the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intelligant bens wit disarcg now wharo this jesus whose worsha was not only cost in the worofp milions of the peols money buhich is also drwind to his servis the time the enrgies te effections the ivotions and the labracumanity is a mith or reality
	layer_4: as untelligent beans woitd desarage no whe e this jesus whose worshr was not only cost in the worlp milions of the peoples money but hich is also drawine to his service the time the ienergies the affections the devotions and the laboricumaity is a myth or reality
	layer_6: has intelligent beings would desir eto know wheare this jesus whose worshi is not only cost in the world he millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the ienergies the affections the devotions and the laborechumanity is a mynth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings woeld desire to know wherer this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings woe desire to know wherere this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the laboreri humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings woe desire to know wherere this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labore in humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and again whenthy artis following moacornsedvice wias a little late in ariving and wen saint agnan had been ablodges to be absen for some tieme it was endteresting to aobserveto sough noone witness them those momeuts of slencs ful of deep becxpression which unigted in one si to soulls most dispose to understandatch ite and who by no means objected to the quite metitationly injoyd dogethe
	layer_4: and again when the artest following maa orns advise was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had been abloge to be absent for some time it was enteresting to observeton tough no one witness them those moments of silence full of deep expression which unigted in one side two souls most disposed to understandaach other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationly enjoyed to gether
	layer_6: and again when the artists following malnaccorns advice was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had been obloged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe to though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sighe two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who bu no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed to gether
	layer_8: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe e though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe t though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationlly enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe th though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: and at word melacorn foll os for that he was low hetknw at not hed learned howt woin spire the king with an appitit in themids of ply and with dhesire and the assurancsu possession
	layer_4: in a word malic orn pollosopher that he was no he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance u possession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was nhoh het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plaiy and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was nhough hat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of playng and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: in this manner tht therefore without leaving her room and having no conf adoant she wasd able t returnd who her apartment thus removing by her apprencse a lowtl tarty perhaps the suspicions of the mostdaterman skeptic
	layer_4: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no conpedont she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a lottle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determane sceptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the door reman clots andneither siht agin now the pain her peared nor ted the hans e goime
	layer_4: but the door remain cloes and neither sight agnon knor r the pain her peared nor did the hagnds hegen mee
	layer_6: but the door remain clotesd and neither saint agnon nor the painer appeared nor did the hangns even move
	layer_8: but the door remained closed and neither saint agnon nor the painter appeared nor did the hangins even move
	layer_10: but the door remained closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_12: but the door remained closed and neither saint agnen nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: go then deares love said the ki thet ta eturn quickly
	layer_4: go the ndeares love said the keing theto return quickly
	layer_6: gothn dearest love said the king that  return quickly
	layer_8: gothon dearest love said the king tat return quickly
	layer_10: godon dearest love said the king that return quickly
	layer_12: godon dearest love said the king that return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to dasi
	layer_4: no no not te day si
	layer_6: no no not te day si
	layer_8: no no not te day sih
	layer_10: no no not t day sie
	layer_12: no no not t day sihed

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i kno but two well  you had not siase to love ne
	layer_4: i knew but too well at you had not cease to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not cease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the valory with ae gestyour partly of extrean her and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted do speak bu connot ar ticulat mone word
	layer_4: the valry with he gestur partly of extremedterr and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot aurticulate one word
	layer_6: the valary with e gestur partly of extreme error and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valerye with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moment however when the keeng throuwh himself on his nees a a cry of utter despaire rangs wughthe cordoer accomatye by the sound of retreting footstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the king throew himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaire ranks hrough the qorridor accompatied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a a cry of utter despaired rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captain sitting beried in is lither arm chere his spers fixed in the flor his sword bu twein his legs was reting anumber of letters as he twisis mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword bes tween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist es mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed ind the floor his sword bieetween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twist is mustache
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword beetween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twised his mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twissted is mustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed on the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: d'artagnioan uttured a welk om full of pleasur when he preceived his friand sun
	layer_4: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he prceived his friend son
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: ol my boy he sain by what t  lucky ansdtnters it happen that the king has ar calld u
	layer_4: old my boy he said by what to lucky enswirdentes it happened at the king has rcall ju
	layer_6: rold my boy he said by what a lucky encident oes it happened that the king has rcalled ju
	layer_8: rold my boy he said by what lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled yu
	layer_10: role my boy he said by what lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_12: rold my boy he said by what lucky incident does it happen that the king has recalled you

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these words did not sound a greeably an the young manzears who es he seed himself foreplye upon my word i coannot deldyue all tat i know is i have come back umn
	layer_4: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seadern himself repli upon my word i cannot dell you all that i knows i have come back am
	layer_6: these words dod not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i can not dell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who has he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_10: these words dod not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself repliedg upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back um
	layer_12: these words dod not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not le caled ou and you havery tuoned
	layer_4: that the king his not re called you and you have re tuorned
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i dod ne und ter stnd that the  a
	layer_4: i dod no understand that that al
	layer_6: i do not understand that at all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rol was already pal enough and he now began to turnhss hat rounden round in his hand
	layer_4: grol was already pal enough and he now began to turn his hat round andround in his hand
	layer_6: growe was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_8: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: at they dos as the matter tat you look as you do and whont make you sow don
	layer_4: what they duce is the matter that you look as you dom and want make you so dom
	layer_6: what they doce is the matter that you look as you dom and whant makes you so domb
	layer_8: what they doce is the matter that you look as you doom and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they do is the matter that you look as your dom and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do is the matter that you look as you dom and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the cafton to peope now days the soomet sort of airs n englat
	layer_4: said the captain to people nowadays the sou met sort of eirs and englend
	layer_6: said the captain to people nawadays the soum met sort of eirs in england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays assume mat sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain do people nowadays the soum that sort of airs in england
	layer_12: said the captain do people nowadays the soum that sort of airs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have been in eglend and came her again as livelyas a chaffence
	layer_4: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffeance
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffince
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinche
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: wie youl not say someting
	layer_4: will youl not say something
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had to much to say
	layer_4: i had to much to sayg
	layer_6: i had o much to say
	layer_8: i had too much to say
	layer_10: i had too much to say
	layer_12: i had too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: h howise your forther
	layer_4: ah how as your father
	layer_6: ah how is your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my dear frinmdit i was going to i sjusat
	layer_4: for give me my dear frimed it i was going to ia scus that
	layer_6: forgive me my dear fremedit i was going to ascuse that
	layer_8: forgive me my dear friemde i was going to ascuse that
	layer_10: forgive me my dear fremde i was going to axcuse that
	layer_12: forgive me my dear fremde i was going to axcuse that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: deurtaian and creased tis sharpeness of his pinetraten gaze wich no secrete was capalbolfh resisting
	layer_4: d'artilan ancreased his sharpness of his penetrateen gaze which no secret was capable ofhe resisting
	layer_6: d'artalian increased his sharpness of his penetrateng gaze which no secret was capable of th resisting
	layer_8: d'artaglan increased his sharpness of his penetratin gaze which no secret was capable of th resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of th e resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of the resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you lon happy about someting he said
	layer_4: you aon happy about something he said
	layer_6: you onhappy about something he said
	layer_8: you arenhappy about something he said
	layer_10: you areunhappy about something he said
	layer_12: you are unhappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i am andeed and you know the reason va rell mis sorlt do tanon
	layer_4: i am indeed and you know the reason varl raill mons yeur tartagnan
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason valirel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason valyrel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason varlerel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason valerel monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na do notpretentofbiestiie
	layer_4: nay dod not pretent oia stomer
	layer_6: ne do not pretentovy a stomer
	layer_8: nay do not pretend to be astome
	layer_10: nay do not pretend to be astonmer
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to be astonmer

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i ham not poredin into be as on esmy frind
	layer_4: i ham not predinningto be asthonish my friaund
	layer_6: i am not perdening to be asdonish my frind
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not predending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have neither head  no arm h do not te spise but helpme into werdsin the mosturetched of living beings o
	layer_4: i have neither head no arm  do not despise but  help me in twowords i n the most u wretched of living beings oh
	layer_6: i have neither head no armdo not despise but  help me in two wards i ad the most wretched of living beings oh hu
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but  help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh huh
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh huph
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh huph

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deseevingou said dartanion tot a mosso of whose face had movd lose are big words who makes ouse of them
	layer_4: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a mucle of whose face head moved tose ar pig words who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a mussle of whose face head moved those ar big words who makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are bigs words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are bigs words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: every on ah
	layer_4: every one a
	layer_6: every one ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ach
	layer_12: everyone ach

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyonecsay so there must be some truth init
	layer_4: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyode says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: not for a friend for a s
	layer_4: not for a friend for a son
	layer_6: not for a friend for a son
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: adoce taketou are really il from curasty
	layer_4: a ducetake it you are really ll from curiasty
	layer_6: a duce take it you are really il from curiosity
	layer_8: aduce take it you are really il from curiosity
	layer_10: adeus take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_12: adeus take it you are really ill from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: no t is not from curioste is his from love
	layer_4: no it dois not from curiosty i is from love
	layer_6: no it is not from curiosity as is from love
	layer_8: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: good another big word
	layer_4: got another big word
	layer_6: got another big word
	layer_8: coat another big word
	layer_10: coat another big word
	layer_12: coat another big ward

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: i tellyou i love lueas to thestiaction
	layer_4: i tell you i love louise to thestraction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to thestraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to distraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: well st u poseit were only that
	layer_4: well su posit were only that
	layer_6: well supposet were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nocinceial man ever succeededed making much ave a brain when the head was turned
	layer_4: no cenceibl man ever succeeded ed making much hav a brain when thee head was turned
	layer_6: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much have a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lost my senceas in the same wy are huntred time ond my life
	layer_4: i have completely lost my sinses in the same whey are huntred times in my life
	layer_6: i have completely lost my senses and the same wre ae huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way are hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you would hear but you would not understand me you would un her sten but you ould notl bay me
	layer_4: you would heare but you would not understand me yu would uner stand but you would not obey me
	layer_6: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would heare but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would heare but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o try try
	layer_4: o try try
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: oh try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: oh try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go far eveni fi were unfortun iadnough to no someting and folisionenough tookommunicatito you you are my friand you say and ded yes
	layer_4: i go far even ifi were unfortun aenough to no something and foolicihen eough took ommunicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortunenough to know something and foolish en enough to communicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunae enough to know something and foolish e enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish eenough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish eenough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther a goody i shoul courl wis you
	layer_4: there a goodi i should corl with you
	layer_6: there are good i should corral with you
	layer_8: theyre are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: there are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complaina you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go an get the first person i me to giv me the in formation which you with halotlt i will tell him he liesin and dyou ill killiam
	layer_4: i never complayn as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with halhold i will tell him he lis and and ou willkilliam
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with hollhold i will tell him he lies in and ou ill kiliam
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with halloold i will tell him he lies in and you okilium
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies in and you okillim
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies in and you okilliim

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and ha find o far that would vee so much the better what shoul i ie
	layer_4: and a find a fair that would be so much the better what should i carer
	layer_6: and a find affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nella soo my differentu and stid if giling you wil git ciled yourself icsupposyoumin sery fin indeed
	layer_4: you now a soomy differentol and stid of gilling you will get kiled yourself i suppose you man sery fin indeed
	layer_6: you now assue a different tone instad of killing you will get kill yourself i suppose you mean sery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how much i should her gretyou
	layer_4: how much i should her gret you
	layer_6: how much i should her gret you
	layer_8: how much i should eregret you
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of coursey shil go bout all dhasing oh
	layer_4: of course i shll o about all day sing oh
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day sing ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: what hae finestopit fillow that bragalon was
	layer_4: what a fine stoupit fillow that bragalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalonne was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: d has great a stupit as i ever matwith
	layer_4: ad his great a stupit as i ever met with
	layer_6: and his great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_8: and is great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: and as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then gron go an get yourselfthy sposed dorf a few like
	layer_4: go then groun go and get yourselfty sposedorv if fyoew like
	layer_6: go then groun go and get yourself desposed of if you like
	layer_8: go then groun go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_10: go then groun go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then grownd go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har lay knew who can have toauch you ladgic but do estake me if your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_4: i hardlay knew who can have touch you logic but docetake me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doe take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have tougch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: rawill brd his facein hiss hands murmoring non i have not a single friendon y world
	layer_4: rau will bried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_6: rowill burid his face in his hands murmuring no  i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: rowwell buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: rol buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thot fances monsieure i do not laugeh at you tug i am a gust cone
	layer_4: i dog fanciys monsieur i do not laugh at yu dhough i ama gas gone
	layer_6: i dolt fanciy is monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gaskon
	layer_8: i dult fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone
	layer_10: idole fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: idole fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a civepridther what o you men
	layer_4: akivepredther what do you mean
	layer_6: a cipritther what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipridther what do you mean
	layer_10: a cybridther what do you mean
	layer_12: a cybridther what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pon y wor di dd not no some on told me there was ha carpene ther whom made an opening through as certainflor
	layer_4: upon my word i dod not kno some one told me there was a carpent ther whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent tee who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someone told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: on  my don't kno weare
	layer_4: on  i don't know where
	layer_6: o  y don't knowwhere
	layer_8: oli don't know where
	layer_10: ommi don't know where
	layer_12: omi don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and whose her om them
	layer_4: and whos hrorom them
	layer_6: and whose room them
	layer_8: and whose rum them
	layer_10: and whose roum them
	layer_12: and whose roum them

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have tol yoi for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holofhar
	layer_4: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the holeo hair
	layer_6: i have told you for the last hour that i known nothing of the hole affair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepatrstin theportrt
	layer_4: but the patures en te porturait
	layer_6: but the patures in deportrit
	layer_8: but the patrs en deportrit
	layer_10: but the pantrs en de portrait
	layer_12: but the paintrs en de portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: whe you syo to hime only that name anyol mouh
	layer_4: whr you so to ham only that name an your mouth
	layer_6: wher you sue to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: whyl you se to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: whe you see to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: whet you sek to hem only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not suppose itwal consnyoum
	layer_4: i do not suppose it wil con sern you
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will concern yum
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: yis youur right and hy made a step er to as i eweregoing to lat where you going
	layer_4: yes your aright an hy made a stepor to as if heu were going to lea wha ae you going
	layer_6: yes you are a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leak whye are you going
	layer_8: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to loop or somon who a ten men the truepe
	layer_4: to look for somone who atten meg the trup
	layer_6: to look for somone who iut tend me the troop
	layer_8: to look for some one who will tend me the troop
	layer_10: to look for some one who will tend me the troop
	layer_12: to look for some one who will tend me the troop

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was lat t womnat
	layer_4: who was lat a woma
	layer_6: who is tlat a woman
	layer_8: who is hat a woman
	layer_10: who as that a woman
	layer_12: who as that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be con sod by someon and you wiuldl be so it once she will del you nothing ilif herself of course so be off
	layer_4: you wish to be consold by some one and you will be so at once she will tel you nothing ilif herself of course so be of
	layer_6: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ellif herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ell of herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are miystickin lontser replied ro though o man i mean will telle me all the evir shyou possibly in
	layer_4: you are mistiken moncer replied ru though om and i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsieur replied rouul thouh om an i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied roul theug woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: well id mitete
	layer_4: well i admit it
	layer_6: well i admit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point a factd w should i play with you as a catnoes with the poormnos
	layer_4: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnors with the poor mous
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a capnors with the poor mause
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnors with a poor mouse
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnose with a poor mouse
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnose with a poormouse

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: you testressm you do indeetd
	layer_4: you distresme you do indeed
	layer_6: you dustress me youl do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wa ta you gane
	layer_4: way i you can
	layer_6: wait if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i could not so much te wors
	layer_4: i could not so much the worse
	layer_6: i could not so much he worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much the worse
	layer_12: i could not so much the worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol snetching egaly at the pin which the kapt aind held outoh him
	layer_4: a said rales snatching egarly at the pin which the ceptain held out to him
	layer_6: ah said raobell snatching eagerly at the pin which the captain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said raol snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how vheryfortun ate tat s he was looking for you to
	layer_4: how very fortunatethat is dhe was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed ton of voice it is not ei who im going to speak to him ho den
	layer_4: she said nthe samed ton af voice it is not i who im going to speak to him ho ten
	layer_6: she said in te same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who den
	layer_8: she said iin he same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in a same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in a same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i come ne my grandater to this busnt camment herlitishait re smonded
	layer_4: iac company my grandaughter to thisbustnt tament her lat shi resmonded
	layer_6: iadc company my grandaughter to thisbesan tainment her lodyship responded
	layer_8: i accompanied my granddaughter to thisbosentertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompany my granddaughter to thisbus entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompany my granddaughter to thisbus entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it iscarcely ageoy s iccasien to my mind
	layer_4: it iscarcely ajoycs occasion to my mind
	layer_6: it is scarcely ajoyce occasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely ajoyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it i scarcely ejoiye occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it i scarcely ejoice occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nonly the dress astought wand by if it isn't a jacullad hid mister peny
	layer_4: nony the dresster soulht hane tat if t isn't a jaculaten mister bnny
	layer_6: no yo the dress er saut hent bat if it isn't ajaculated mister binny
	layer_8: no n the dresser sat ent bhat if it isn't ejaculated mister bnney
	layer_10: no ne the dresser tougt leke that if it isn't ejaculated mister benny
	layer_12: kno ne the dresser shought like that if it isn't ejaculated mister benny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our sure this was that sa man i go myself
	layer_4: if our sured this was the say man i go myself
	layer_6: if i r sure this was the sa a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i were assure this was the sa man id go myself
	layer_10: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_12: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: thnive ita fellowf his niger nave north foou i sixh to him blieve altin the finda
	layer_4: when i've it to fellow his neger nave north foull i sick to him blieve els in the find a
	layer_6: when i've i ta fellow his neger naves north foul i stick to him believe elsen the finda
	layer_8: when iv itd a fellow his nigger naves north fool i stick to him believe else in de find ot
	layer_10: when ibite a fellow whos nigger name's north fool i stick to him believe els in te find out
	layer_12: when i bite a fellow whos nigger kname's north fool i stick to him believe else in the find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the olin hoime him in edly coma uponer wish the first iremes lo her n the dres she a coppih morktipius ney scand that ierd edout din't ietb a here allwager
	layer_4: the oling hiwme ham an ely commag upon hor was the first tie mieslaw her n the dresse she ha compif mokdtivious ni scand that hen thorded out didn't ee a here all wager
	layer_6: the onling hime yha in edyn commnt upon her was the first time myusaw her in the dress she had compid mocktivius nit sconed that he tlarded out didn't gite t here all wager
	layer_8: the only ime he had men enyn commen upon her was the first time hu saw her in the dress she accopie dfomoctavias ni scand that he dlurted out didn't ge it here iall wager
	layer_10: the only time he had mane any comment upon her was the first time hoe saw her in the dress she h accopied fom octavias nice scannd that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_12: the only time he had mane any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she adccompied from octavias nice scanned that he blurted out didn't get it here ill wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: this ao look lakeget is aid grafly
	layer_4: this n  lookd like it is aid graphly
	layer_6: this n look like it isaid grafhly
	layer_8: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it he said graffully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it he said graffully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she inswerd i mota forititle
	layer_4: no she enswered i  mod afriditale
	layer_6: no she answered im madafritidale
	layer_8: no she answered iam mota fredidal
	layer_10: no she answered i am mota frigidal
	layer_12: no she answered i am mota frigidal

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i shall not be afrai agaid
	layer_4: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and faut she ap herfectaly ain founded her lady should by her domener
	layer_4: and fact she ae perfectly confounded her lady should by her emianor
	layer_6: and fact she aperfectly confounded her lady should by her demanour
	layer_8: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyshould by her demeanour
	layer_10: in facts she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in facts she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yow not spe to me o thareye and she sain i wll out listn
	layer_4: i beak you'l not spek to me of thatradea and she sain i will nout listene
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me of thatradea and she saind i will not listen
	layer_8: i beg you wll not speak to me of that idea and she said i will not listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of thy idea and she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of the idea and she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: and turning about she walkd out of the room
	layer_4: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothinme oe hav bedsed untubj ecscents
	layer_4: and nothing more habit id unsubjec cense
	layer_6: and nothing more having sid on the subject sense
	layer_8: and nothing more had bisid on tha subject sinse
	layer_10: and nothing more haben seid on the subject since
	layer_12: and nothing more haen seid on the subject since

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: before brakmith misspulin de wa stertl by the r ival of another tellega which waine tas vollows
	layer_4: before brackrith miss blanto was stirtle by the rival of another tellegar which rind tas vollows
	layer_6: before brackwith miss bulinda was sturtle by the arrival of another telegra which regnd as vollows
	layer_8: before breackfith miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rend as follows
	layer_10: before breackasth miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which reined as follows
	layer_12: before breackfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which reined as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: ar rauve to dhey perress beawithe o mil evening
	layer_4: arived to thy pe ressia beu th et a mile evening
	layer_6: arrived to day paressia beaueth et a mile evening
	layer_8: arrived to day parussia beauoth eat a mile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day pa russia beauothatamile r evening
	layer_12: arrived to day pa russia beauithatamile or evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: friend with m martainbasot
	layer_4: friond with me marton basit
	layer_6: friend with me martoin bassit
	layer_8: friend with me martyin basset
	layer_10: friend with me martin basset
	layer_12: friend with me martin basset

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: well t wremarx a thaveia i suppose taut woud havebe n avanage
	layer_4: well at remorxrotivia i supposed hat would have beein the vantage
	layer_6: well it remok rotavia i suppose that would have bee in ta vantage
	layer_8: well it remanked ratavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_10: well it remarked rotavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_12: well it remarked rotavia i suppose that would have been an advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: atavia was a mark ficurpon the growd of dlike g ard npaity noither jss my dear wremarke mister burnom
	layer_4: octavia was a marked fiureupon the grouh of lhit gard in party nother jesst my dear remarked mister brnhim
	layer_6: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouh of thate garden party another jess my dea remarked mister brnham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the groudh of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brinham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brinham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brinham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwoat a charming colour she hadid a clear sus usually pillor
	layer_4: ad whata charming coloer she has at at clear sees usually paler
	layer_6: and what a charming color she hasit a clear sees usually paler
	layer_8: and what a charming color she has't it clear sees usually paler
	layer_10: and what a charming colour she hasn't it clear sees usually paler
	layer_12: and what a charming color she hasn't it clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: peraps the othis tlorlandon
	layer_4: perhaps the othes lornd landson
	layer_6: perhaps the others tfo lord landsowne
	layer_8: perhaps the others fo lord landsone
	layer_10: perhaps the othest for lord landsone
	layer_12: perhaps the othest fo lord landsone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis priteauredn avred hte in its en jain nerself
	layer_4: shis preterd aedvert oday in is en joing herself
	layer_6: she's pretty t hn edbver today in is enjoying herself
	layer_8: she's prettyern ever to day an is enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisnt joaing herself misster pran e bril absergh that bather g loumily athy sood a part
	layer_4: she wasanjoing herself mister pranes biril obser ve hat rather glumily as hiy sot a part
	layer_6: she wasnjoying herself mister pranis bill observe that rather gloomily as he soud apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francis berl observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francasbrol observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francasberol observed that rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha com lordly ensed ho andcossinalon e shate hantwed this host havebien observedo keep hies iixt uporr one fparticulha point bermistownd he saiy after havings mook n is firs words who is that tall girolndwhit
	layer_4: and then ha come lord lyn dee who and crossin ta lon to shake and lwet this hoast have been observed to keep his y tixet upon on particular point bermiston he said after having smook in his first word who is that tall girl an wiht
	layer_6: and then had come lordlnderd who and crosse ing alon to shake hands ith this host have been observed to keep his ey fixed upon one particular point bermas tone he said after having smok in his first words who is that tall girl and white
	layer_8: and then had come lord laanzore who an crossed alown to shake hands with this host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmastone he said after having spoke in his first words who is that tall girl an white
	layer_10: and then had come lord landzord who an crossing the lawn to shake hands with this host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point brm astone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord landzard who an crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burm astone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in intem minutes lady the oabled misterberno ister biaoldthin theverts others twou numrousimengion someis an the otaveiousit ofr tant ny with no intentgono laving ite
	layer_4: in intinmminutes lady theabled mister burna mister baaled han the verds others too numrus simention som is inty octavious sihte of dently with no intintion of leaving it
	layer_6: an intin minutes lady theupld mister burna mister barrldon the vers others too numerous cimmension saw misannle octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: in in ten minutes lady theopld mister burna mister barldan devers others too numerous to mension saw me sanea octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: in in ten minutes lady theopld mister berna mister barld and divers others too numerous to mension saw msamnlia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: an in ten minutes lady theopld mister berna mister barold and divers others too numerous to mension saw msamnlia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long agh te this frenc o spirl faun as waye h mis bulindo he was very busthe innbhather nervis ind thec is evinately an joyng erself he remark
	layer_4: not long after this francos spirild fond as wait ti miss bulindo he was very busy in bather neirvous ad nesis evanetelandjoying herself he remarked
	layer_6: not long after this francispiril found as wayt tod miss balinda he was very busy in ather nervous ir nieces evident lyenjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francise biril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy an wather nervous and nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this frantis biril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy an rather nervous and nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this frantis biril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy an rather nervous and niecews evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: o alia is most happy to tha and ter missu blnder
	layer_4: ocalia is most happy to they enwered missa blinda
	layer_6: auxalia is most happy to dy enswered missu blinda
	layer_8: auxalia is most happy to day enswered miss blinda
	layer_10: octavia is most happy to day anwered miss belinda
	layer_12: ouctavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: veryf fyou poe pwle und er sein ouctaviu simistbolinde i' not shuldo i follow all her medes myself
	layer_4: very f youpeople understan ouctaviasumdmistirblelinda i'm not shoud i follow all her moedts myself
	layer_6: very fye people understand orctavia said miss blinda i'm not showd i follow all her mots myself
	layer_8: very a few people understand actavia said miss belinda i'm not suredtha i follow all her modes myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moodes myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moodes myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she 'is nots frivillesse as she a pearese to vose jdoo now her ba
	layer_4: she is not as frivilece as she appiearce to thos y jote know her wele
	layer_6: she is not as fivolise as she apperse to those h jont know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to thosewho don't know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: berld sig nong as must ash and maye no re ply he was not bery come table
	layer_4: barld si knong as must ash and made no reply he was not very comfotable
	layer_6: barld siknong as must ash a made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_8: bareld sagnang his mustach and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: baral sonoing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: barryl sonaing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: if or haimsup ill use by fhit and mather buish tea rechurend ta end ofro botogk n sit a al voydering and slobrige
	layer_4: ifil him sep ill used by fant and mather bush ter rechurrned to lend from botogs tand said im a voidering and slowberige
	layer_6: e fll himself ill used by fant and mather bushthe a returned to lendn from botoxs and said im ae voidering and slowbridge
	layer_8: he fel himself ill used by faint and mather busheds he had returned to lendon from botoks in sed im of vloidering and slowbridge
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to london from botocx instead of of voitering an slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by faint and mather bushed he had returned to london from bottock instead of of voitering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: he t hav meason selff at a first but intime havebens urpise o fpynees a musment lo something of it desst
	layer_4: hed a measom self at first but in time h ad been surprirese tho fin is  musement loose something of it dsesd
	layer_6: head a mas himself at first but in time h had been surprirsd to find as amusement lose something of itdzest
	layer_8: he had amase himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it's s ducily bratd form on his part i the mently what tho the mang by it
	layer_4: it's ducily bad form on his part ite mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_6: it's ducidly brad form on his part hesidmentally what does he mean by it
	layer_8: it's ducily bad form on his part he sad mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: atavia on the contr in not asweny menty it
	layer_4: octavia on the contrary tod not askd many meat by it
	layer_6: octavia on the contrary did not ask mony meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask wheny meant by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: wherae yu jackole atd i say woand an ne
	layer_4: whe ae yo jacolatid i say what a nae
	layer_6: whereare youjaculated i say what a name
	layer_8: whereare you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: whereare you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: where are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: iad no a bserve the answer her lady shiop
	layer_4: i had not observed et answer her ladyship
	layer_6: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: but she glared it thirld tu sy passed and beckon to him ly is lusiushn amined
	layer_4: ut she clared ou berold es ey pased tand beck on to him ly as lusushin iminded
	layer_6: but she glared out baruld e sa passd an beckon to him whale his luciasian i manded
	layer_8: bu she glared aut barrel ay pas and beckone to him what this lucothan imanded
	layer_10: bus she glared out barrel de sy pased and beckoned to him what his lujyo she demanded
	layer_12: bus she glared out barrel dasy passd and beckoned to him what his lujoshe demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i s o her wiath burmsdand half narwgo he ashered cointg have ye any meathige frmy bmother s sal rtirngal an intomar laving her early turn lit pale
	layer_4: y sfll her with bermise on half narowgo he answred coling have you any metage fom my mother i sal returnle and into mar leaving here early turned uite pale
	layer_6: m se her with burmaston half norrowago he answered coling have you any massage frorm my mother i shall retuin aland into mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_8: i salwl her with boermiston half anhour go he answered collyng have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to maro leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_10: i saw her with bermiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message from my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her with bermiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message from my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turned quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what his happid she asked rigadly ho lookslightlys ar prised nothing whato ere he replied
	layer_4: what is happied she asked rigidly hilookslightly s aprised nothing whateer he replied
	layer_6: what his happend she asked rigidly he looke slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: aver maind her longeritfan iantendied
	layer_4: ive amained her longer than i intended
	layer_6: ihve remained her longer than iintended
	layer_8: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she began ad mofehemankl han o rigt wist
	layer_4: she began an moved manicles an o right wist
	layer_6: she begin an moved manicles an her right wist
	layer_8: she began to move mancles on her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move the mancles on her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move the mancles on her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she had not broli sh up andter her own i forn lothing
	layer_4: she had not broulisia up undther her own ey for lothing
	layer_6: she had not bralicia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_8: she had not brolycia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brougt lycia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lycia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptars en e three may i go
	layer_4: chapters wente three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wenty three may i go
	layer_8: chapters twenty three may i go
	layer_10: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day after this orctav ye opend he forttrung
	layer_4: the very day after this alctavya opened of fort trunk
	layer_6: the very day after this octavia opened a fourt trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened a forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: a ehi dently something atd happinet ortav yus e said mister digld benny is a old clow who was hee
	layer_4: evidently something at happened i'lctave yuh she said mister duggale benny is at old clow who as he
	layer_6: evidently something had happened 'ctavyat she said mister doggled benny is aut old clouh who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggl benny is hat old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugle benny is that old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugle benny is that old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he his my gran ouncl exlaimed musia chame meloessley her hads a grat deao of money
	layer_4: he is my granuncle exclained musia chimilussly her hads a grea deal of money
	layer_6: he is my grand uncle exclaimed mucia tremulusly here has a great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my grant uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously her has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a dtd nont cui an er stake ri amo taia she said
	layer_4: i dod not quite understake retmamativia she said
	layer_6: i do not quite understake re mamativia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understak ranmamma tevya she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understank ramamma octavia she said
	layer_12: i do not quite understankd ramamma octavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: last nish ckin to my rnd the talke to me ind his modish kame agin en oh
	layer_4: last nighe kan to my wrom the talk to me and this mordish came a gin an oh
	layer_6: last nigcsh came to my rom te talk to me and this mortish came agin an oh
	layer_8: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morni she came again and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came agin and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came agin and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogt eur adignitly how ould hi spic t me an such amanner
	layer_4: she broughe ou andignantly how could shespickto me in such a manner
	layer_6: she brougke out indignantly how could she spik to me in such a mannert
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a mannert
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the duwundher sand
	layer_4: what the jewunder sand
	layer_6: what did you under sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am o rn after r amyar he dos nout tair fro me and make my self a traped itvin the hop lat he ial can te sern to marriyny couse mistere bany ma llheave me his moneyn
	layer_4: i ham to run after amare ho dos not ter for me and make my self a trapped it in the hope hat he wil condi cen to marry y because mister benny may levt me has money
	layer_6: i am to run after amare ho does not tear for me and make myself actrapptiv in the hope tat he will condescin to marry me because mister benny may leaf me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not car for me and make myself a traptiv in the hope hat he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may lieave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: d you won theiredtot it tookevemady teoba a long time tho say that
	layer_4: do you wendhere that it took even midy theobou along time to say that
	layer_6: do you wonder that it took even metdy the about a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder that it took even mitti te about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even maddie thia about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even maddie thia about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: le ra marnk don't tave ya e woln't do it i suppose i would it wory
	layer_4: lel remarnkedan't tave you you woln't do it i suppos i would nt worry
	layer_6: lell remarke ont taveiu you win't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_8: well remorked aunt tevia you woln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked ant tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked ant tevia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: oll i allways do in't i didtan gues
	layer_4: all i always doi' i didn't guess
	layer_6: all i always doig i didn't guess
	layer_8: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: all i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: e hisoud every said tately
	layer_4: at shes moude ever sa dately
	layer_6: ins she smeled every sai dately
	layer_8: and she smiled every soid dately
	layer_10: and she smiled everh sodaitely
	layer_12: and she smiled ever h so daitely

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that is  n the resonfwy she lobesme so she adde
	layer_4: that is om the reasonds whye she loade s me so she added
	layer_6: that islom the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_8: that is lim the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_10: that is the reasons why she loads me so she added
	layer_12: that is the reasons why she lowds me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: lbi should ot deepe le forberm it she reconized all at wides several things he had me misstified byavbafor
	layer_4: le should tot deeply forbomit she reconized all at wies several thing she had mein mistirfied byabefore
	layer_6: le shol thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wivs several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbement she recognized all otlwives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: lichau thought deeply forboement she recognized all outlwives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: lichau thought deeply foreboement she recognized all outwives several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: octaviu s man witdrawl agaent
	layer_4: octaviousmn litderall againt
	layer_6: octavias smal and liter l again
	layer_8: octavia smellind literal again
	layer_10: octavia smelling literal again
	layer_12: octavia smellind literal again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mosiar sat thinking fher hands clasp tily
	layer_4: musia sat thinking for hands clasp titly
	layer_6: muthia sat thinking for hand's clasped tightly
	layer_8: musthya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: mushya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: mushya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i 'm glatd i came hyeurs said at lyg
	layer_4: i 'am glod i came yeres said at ly
	layer_6: i 'm glod i came heres said at lat
	layer_8: i'm glad i came here said at lene
	layer_10: i'm glad i came here said atleene
	layer_12: i'm glad i came here said at leene

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i think i shol never be fride of er any more
	layer_4: i thank i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cat nast ral wrtdalat id is he hel her head up her brathe came fast thre was a hint af egirful tishon in oto
	layer_4: her delicat nostral with tolated ind she hel her head up her breath came fast the was a hint of egiful tation ind o ton
	layer_6: her delicate nostrels wire tou laded and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in hotone
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils wirt dolited and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exaltation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whated very taus aufer she levt the house
	layer_4: she wanted very tust aftfer she loefe the house
	layer_6: she walked very fast after she leftd the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: but it was not a gains thim that lesy as inte nation wash aroutsd
	layer_4: but it was not against to him that leci as indignation wath arous
	layer_6: but it was not against him that lushe has indignation was aroused
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lushi's indignation was aroused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lushya's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lushya's indignation was aroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wondere that hy had heard hr lasworts e fanyt o hadt
	layer_4: she wonder that he at heard her last words e fancid o had
	layer_6: she wondered thaf he had heard her last worts e fanciyd e had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: e tok ol ever shakeing little harnd and lookdhown a her extided face
	layer_4: yu tok hol ever shaking little hand and looked down ot her extided face
	layer_6: he took hole over shaking little hand and looked down o her extited face
	layer_8: he took hold ofher shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i engery she said gave never so nee engrey efore
	layer_4: i am engery she said yeve never soo me angry before
	layer_6: i am angery she said uhave never soon mee angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said you hve never soon me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: iamd o my way to mi to ledy theabuled
	layer_4: an on my way to my to ledy theabled
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to ledty theabled
	layer_8: i'm on my way to my to latty theoblt
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to laddy theobald
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to laddy theobald

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he heldhar hand as camly as before
	layer_4: he held her han as camly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what eyou woun e said o her he ased she lauged again
	layer_4: whato you woundtas sayt to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_6: what ar you wouldn is say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what are you goild t say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: eldher hand rather closer
	layer_4: held her hand rather clisered
	layer_6: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_8: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_10: held her hand rather closer
	layer_12: held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mae yu bery angry hisaid
	layer_4: she has made you bery angry hesaid
	layer_6: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mus the fortshl knew whats she wis doing she as poring forth the hol of erstoy eve more of it than she hdtoe outavia
	layer_4: and then i must befor she knew what she was doing she was pouing forth the wholeiv er stoy even more of it than she had toll atavia
	layer_6: and then i must befor she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole ov er story even more of it than she had toll octivia
	layer_8: and then i must afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told otivia
	layer_10: and then imust afore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then imust af fore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: be shal he said i wisheto we leht me go and tark with lady the abuld u se is e with little start
	layer_4: ushall he said i wish ty wen let me go and talk with lady theabolt you ehas a lit little start
	layer_6: le shall he said i wish you wulnd let me go and talk with lady theabolt you shdas hat lith little start
	layer_8: we shall he said i wish yo would let me go and talk with lady thieopold you sthi a with little start
	layer_10: weshall he sayid i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobold ou sha san with little start
	layer_12: weeshall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobold you sho san with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: d ges s he entwered ont me go to her
	layer_4: jes he enswered lot me goo to her
	layer_6: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_8: ges he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: yess he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you willsay yes to that i hen icin pomece but youmeannever be a frait of herdy mor
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hing igan pomise but you me never be afaid of hearad y more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think i coan pomise but you mea never be afraid of herany more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise tat you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you mean never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the teres color dit atiever cheeks in the teas rushe to her eyes
	layer_4: the fiearst colored titdot iever cheeks in the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_6: the ferst color died out over cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierest color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierece colour died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmaseder taese withe be tatlec wok
	layer_4: shaied her tase with a batedic wlok
	layer_6: she razed her vays with a pathetic wok
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic wok
	layer_10: she raised her face with pathetic wok
	layer_12: she raised her face with pathetic look

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: i'm desperately love with ye he antered in th s quireus way
	layer_4: i'mdesperatelyin love with you he antwered in this quireous way
	layer_6: i am desperately i love with you he antwered in this qouires way
	layer_8: i am desperately in love with you he answered in thisqoirest way
	layer_10: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his choirest way
	layer_12: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his choirest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: alo cono hw d yoa l you wood dhis time
	layer_4: allo coane how dyoasal you wood this time
	layer_6: allo conel how dyo sel yo woud this time
	layer_8: ala colonel how doyou sell you wood this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how do you sell you a wood this time
	layer_12: alo colonel how do you sell you a wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: wy e ating lwe must jhore you threena corder the stime the thoh
	layer_4: wike athingwe mustchart you threen a corder the s time the do
	layer_6: why atthing we must charg you threen a coarter this time the dup
	layer_8: why athing we must charge you three ind a quarter this time the doph
	layer_10: wy atting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the dul
	layer_12: wy tatting we must charge you three ind a quarter this time the dolp

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: supper was over n i retir to mat upper burth thu tat ad long side an over looking the bracktaple were the captie it deeply ngage havin no the other pala as isf princibl apponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retire to mat upper birth shi tuated long side and over looking the brak table where the captain with deeply engage havangnow the other pilet as if principle opponet
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mete upper birth sutuated long side and overlooking the brack table where the captain with deeply engaged having now the other pilete as if principl opponet
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated longside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as of principal opponent
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as hif principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as hif principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: heder anjore then and takedeen sux cred tho od s goodt fedo at tomptino cant vaer wodiyve thae gae now iscatting ryght worm
	layer_4: had er njore then and takenhin six cwardthe ids good see to at tomtsin a cant ver wol liave the gave now is cetting right wrm
	layer_6: had or insore thin and takenin six cordrof ite's good see to it tompsond a canverywell leave te game now is ketting right warm
	layer_8: had er injure then and takenin six cords a it's good see to it thompson a can't verwell leave the game now is getting right warm
	layer_10: had her injure then and takn in six cords ib it's good see to it thomson i can't verywell leave the game now is getting right warm
	layer_12: had her injure then and taken in six cords if it's good see to it thomson i can't verywell leave the game now is getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this poeds benis all the smashed the woude com pliatedt we pattled on aget
	layer_4: this piblentes bening aus all the s mashed the wod y complatte we patled on aget
	layer_6: this pilentces beating s all this mashe the wood he completed we paddled on a get
	layer_8: this pilente beating us all the smash the wood he completed we paddled on a git
	layer_10: this pilot's beatin us all the smash the woodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beating is all the smash the wood ie completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther inxcie sto foarn hegame and they dillard it
	layer_4: thei er inciousto fverned te game and they dilerd it
	layer_6: theywere inxies stil learned the game and they dilere it
	layer_8: they wer anxioes to learn the game and they deleartit
	layer_10: they were anxious to learn the game and they delert it
	layer_12: they were anxious to learn the game and they delert it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: still it all these usamnages they cntinnu pling teye ont it to learne begaimn
	layer_4: still with all these as af maniages they contin ue pling they ant it to learnd begaimn
	layer_6: still with all these as omanages thy continue pling they want ed to learn begamn
	layer_8: still with all these isadmanages they continue playing they wanted to learn thegame
	layer_10: still with all thes disodvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gan
	layer_12: still with all these isodvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the gam

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ough prtic lilys ser replie the mate wec an scarcely tell wa heaby we ar ma ing for we uro blyd to eep he it old e biver and there is a shedd ov of fograsig
	layer_4: oulh prety libly ser replied the mate we can scarcely tell a headba be ar mak ing for we are blyd to heap the it old tegriver and there is a shedove a fograsin
	layer_6: ol pretty glibli sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what head ay we are making for we are ablig to keep then it old thegiver and there is a shedo of a fo rising
	layer_8: well pretty glibblei sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headwa we are making for we are oblige to heap then id ol the river and there is te shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: wel pretty glibleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to heap the kmid oll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: wel pretty glibleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what head way we are making for we are obliged to heap the midd ll the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: this wits hims rofor bether and that we took an a el oifaces but werdningaly outagaen ed must be looking ot fromor
	layer_4: this witshims rahd or bether  and that we took an a ellofaces but werningately out agan and must be looking out fom more
	layer_6: this whitseems rah ford bether than that we took an a gellow faces but worning a ly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this wit sems robb feord better than that we took in a yellow faces but were noly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this wit seems robford better than that we took in yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this wit seems robford better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: is awe lig juste howun the briagt shall we hail
	layer_4: is alwl lat just to hown the bright shall we hale
	layer_6: i's al a ligt just a hau on the bright shall we haile
	layer_8: t's al a light just a ho on the right shall be hail
	layer_10: as awl a light just a ho on the right shall we hail
	layer_12: as awl a light just a ho on the bright shall we hail

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jyasiast erepy the cap aen rin the belan ahfoics the pi s a wod apear
	layer_4: jyesyast repyd the captand ren the bell anahlmet's the piceh of wood appear
	layer_6: yes y estreplyed the capain reaned the bellanaflmetes the pice of watd upper
	layer_8: yes yest replied the captain rined the bel an af hilmets the pice of wat appeer
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain rened the bell an af himats the pice of wood appeer
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain reaned the bell and af hilmats the pice of wood appear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i fwhlt youly anears ouble kings
	layer_4: i whut youly a nears dobl kings
	layer_6: i hougt youlia neareis doubil kings
	layer_8: i thought youlia nearst double kings
	layer_10: i thought yulia nearest double kins
	layer_12: i thought julia nearest double kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: delserfhu pleas be e lo lex time
	layer_4: tale ser i ou pleas ben n look lex time
	layer_6: teal sir if you pleases be  lock lex time
	layer_8: tel sir if you please betne luclex time
	layer_10: tal sir if you please better lucklex time
	layer_12: steal sir if you please benner lucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the othe pets poys of he gain hear o deck how wayt c have you
	layer_4: the other poetes voice wof tha gain her non deck how atch have you
	layer_6: the other pilet's voice wih again hur ondeck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice was again harnd on deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice was again huard on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: lyabout tencord sir was replived the youthfulsilfman
	layer_4: only about tun coartsir was repliof the youthful salsmon
	layer_6: only about tong courd sir was reply d the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ton curt sir was reple of the youthful sailesman
	layer_10: only about ten quart sir was replie f the youthful salesman
	layer_12: only about ten quarts sir was replied the youthful salesman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theyvc happ in hearitol tomsind takes sixords which war last to li light in again ernied het tentin to the game
	layer_4: they fapen heritale tompsen to take six cords which wil last an laylight in again teurne od thetention to the game
	layer_6: they appen herit al thompsond to chakes six cords which would last a laylight and again turn o tattention to the game
	layer_8: theyve happened here itold thompson to chak six cords which would last ta laylight and again turned hi attention to the game
	layer_10: they've happened here atold thomson to cake six cords which would last til laylight and again turn his attention to the game
	layer_12: they've happened here atold thomson to cake six cords which would last til laylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: ta palis e r change laces hene did theysleap
	layer_4: he palents he our change laces one did they sleap
	layer_6: the palances whe er changed places one did they sleep
	layer_8: the palets he are changed places whene did they sleep
	layer_10: the palets herare changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palets herr changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wicd y coan en becar ov an agan to r place in the midea of the shream powdling one as usual ga out lendone
	layer_4: wite can in the care of an again took er place in the mideral of the shream powdling on is usual gay at length dawn
	layer_6: wite c an ind the care ofan again took her place in the middral of the shream padling on is usual day at length down
	layer_8: witakan inn the cureofvan again took her place in the middle of the shram poddling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_10: witaken inn the curovan again took her place in the middle of the schreim poddling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: witaken inn the curovan again took her place in the middle of the schreim poddling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: iad risin on wen out with a capten to enjoy of e of the bloofs
	layer_4: i had risend an went at with a capain to enjoy of yew of the blufs
	layer_6: i had risend in went out with a capin to enjoy of yeu of the bluffs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a capain to enjoy of vou o the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with a capan to enjoy a ew of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with a capan to enjoy a few of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlheyritays exclin thichaptaan stopper
	layer_4: terid a s exclen the capten stopper
	layer_6: leorda is exclain the captains stopper
	layer_8: laoadas exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_10: larades exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_12: lyrades exclaimed the captain stopper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gon
	layer_4: he was gone
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wo dep lusekis o chims n n am te tins
	layer_4: no mo deep luskis orf hims on nambetins
	layer_6: no mor deep leu skies of rims on namber tins
	layer_8: no more deep lu skies of rimsan nambertings
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of crimson nambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by a self at the fire withoun mlight ate candees on the tabll behind her hnd gui overh the day the hapiwalk happy scatching charful pleasan dinno and the incomfortable misurable woarlking the goden
	layer_4: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her ha ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching jerful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable woalk in the gardden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unmighted candles on the table behind her and ging over the day the happy walk happy sketching jherful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her inging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her inging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her linging over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: h weasl shee dostrbdeen tham happy he cuse a rinsting he made anything lut t ar refus of im possibl while he not many minusts aftr he had ned withthe rejection a whatordmea bem the deepest hollese weire pos alof his life cuspeakg as if its prece succaiss and on a supl ficial comsequences of a god hous plever n a greable tocity werh the sol obaud object o hissiesyiges ol d er
	layer_4: her wias she disturbed in than happy he ause arinseting her made anything buch ao refuseof inpossible while he not many minus after head med withe rejectionor what ord r ave been the deepest holiueus repos alove his life couspeak as if its briese success and holas su peficial consequences of a good house clever ing agreeble tociety whith a sol oboued objects of hits iesyes o dear
	layer_6: here wa she disturbed an than hapfy because ha rinsting ha made anything but  a refus of impossible while he not many minues after hehad med with a rejection or what ordr have being the deepest holiyes reposeal of his life coulds speak as if it's briefes success and ol his superficial consequences of a good house clever ing agreeble stociety wirh a soul aboued objects on hisyesyrors oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed a an happy because her instinct had made anything but a refuseal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what order a being the deepest holliet preposal of his life could speak as if it's briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever an agreeable society wirh a soul o vowed objects on his desires oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible well he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what order of being the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the soule of vowed objects on his desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible well he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what order of being the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the soule of vowed objects on his desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: i mother came ing to the room before this worle of touse wiash a jgsted in to  anybeing like order
	layer_4: hi mother came into the room before this worl of thoughs with a justed into anything like order
	layer_6: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughs wash adjusted into anything like order
	layer_8: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mister hao sipt his thaenatrdrect ed scilene morgaeret headt he respanses aln to hirself
	layer_4: mister hale sipt his toe u natsrtractet silence margaret had the responces al to herself
	layer_6: mister hale siped his teainostracted silence margaret had the responses alto herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he had not mae than menofor
	layer_4: she forgot that he had not made then then offoar
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margaret was repairing hum motheis worst iv work ade al the shrin kingk fro th thought of thelog ev ming an whishing bet time wea comn thet she my go  vr the evvence of te day again
	layer_4: margaret was repairing her mother's worstiv work and al the shrind kine from hte thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she myt go over the evence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worstede work and row the shrinkamge from he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worsti work and raw the shrin came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime woere come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was repairing her mother's worste work and raw the shrincange from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was repairing her mother's worsted work and rawthe shrinkcane from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: laonges
	layer_4: lorges
	layer_6: largerus
	layer_8: lagrs
	layer_10: larbrus
	layer_12: lagrs

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: a on spea yo taut s ome whin very seeistooaso
	layer_4: i aneto speak o you bot some th very see is to a sa
	layer_6: i want to speak t you about somehing very see ious to a so
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very serious to a sol
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to aso
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to asor

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: vherery seris to asal
	layer_4: verery seris to a sal
	layer_6: very serus to assoul
	layer_8: very cerous to assaul
	layer_10: very serious to assault
	layer_12: very serious to assault

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mister lenics tand never ha the o peunlity of hening any quoise conesation with a father ofter herm reveusl or 'l sthad wout inde be af very see reisa far
	layer_4: mister lenics a never had the oprocunity of heming any poires callesation with a father ofter her revusal or allstad wout indeed be a very see iess affair
	layer_6: mister lennox ad never had the oppecunity of having any poir's complissation with a father ofter her refusal or ele thatd would indeed be at very seious affair
	layer_8: mister lenox had never had the opportunity of having any piteu comversation with he father off ter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any pritus conversation with ar father off te her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any pritus conversation with a father off ter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only latelyand sudden ly oacgod could hve givan rised ow anhe compicatid thaughcs that a fathe wishe aspeak to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and sudden ly a god could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wishe o speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly a goud could have given rise to an y complicated thoughts that a father wish to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that ha father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that he father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that he father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: mister haldid not answerform ma dtuor
	layer_4: mister haledit not aunswerform ma dato
	layer_6: mister hale did not answer for m mere dat two
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a erato
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a medattuo
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a medattu

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: malregart could notd ba thes sight of the sinspinse wich waseen more distressing to her fathat thand to herself
	layer_4: margaret could not bay the sight of the suspince which was even more distressing to her fathr than to herself
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of he suspence which was even more distressing to here father than to herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but vy dap feu don tell me
	layer_4: but wy dipopout do' tel me
	layer_6: but why dup abo don telld me
	layer_8: but why dou papa do tell me
	layer_10: but why do papa do tell me
	layer_12: but why do papa do tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: because i  must kno long of be in ministo in the church of ingand
	layer_4: because i must no long or e in minister in the church of england
	layer_6: because i must no longer be an minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: het nothing to the shotro receepron mhis to has laspech what could hou meme
	layer_4: but nothing to the shrocthu receip rom mhis to hals la speachd what could you mean
	layer_6: but nothing to the shrocktry received from mister hale'slas speech what could you mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shock che received from mister hales laws speech what could you mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shockshry received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shockshry received from mister hale's last speech what could you mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was aln he wors for beingso risterious
	layer_4: it was on e wors for being so rysterious
	layer_6: it was on he worse for being so mysterious
	layer_8: it was ote worse for being so mysterious
	layer_10: it was onthe worse for being so mysterious
	layer_12: it was onthe worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: wac kang you know long o be acleargsygan
	layer_4: whi can you kno longer the aclerg yu men
	layer_6: why can you no longer te a clergyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soely ithe bishe witold allwy mo a bout frdry and the hard an just
	layer_4: soly it the bishe watold all we no about fridery and the hard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederi and the hard and just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop wer told all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop wer told all we know about frederic and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lockgarets i will till you boatis
	layer_4: logaret i will tell youabat jit
	layer_6: locgaret i will tell you abou hit
	layer_8: loccaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: lockaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: lockaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: a welons o any questres this once tut offte to night leteus naber speak of it again
	layer_4: a e lance are any questures this once but after to night let us neber speak of it again
	layer_6: i re lancewar any questures this once but after to night let us nevber speak of it again
	layer_8: i willancear any questiones this oncs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will ance at any questions this oncs but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will ance at any questions this onces but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i can me the contiquences of my painful nmisuable dout but it is tnegfh ort beyon me to speak el what has causenme so welh suffring
	layer_4: i can ee the contequences of my painful misurable doubt but it is anehort beyond me to speak o what has callse me so rih suffering
	layer_6: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an efpfort beyond me to speakof what has callsed me so e suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caulsed me so mesuffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doubtssto relition nioete slight tes indre to that he paused
	layer_4: no not doubts as to religion now the slightus indrya to that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion now the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest inury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: margaret sid as i standing on the wrge ef somee ya hora
	layer_4: largaret side as if standing on the worge of som nahorra
	layer_6: margaret side as if standing on the word of someahorro
	layer_8: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some nyehora
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of somenya horra
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of somena horra

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: lagoe howin nove the hol yjoee frorm wituhme to be shut out
	layer_4: lmargarld how in nove the whold eachuge from whi chime to we shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i loved the holdy churge from which im to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i loved the holy churge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holy charge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i loved the holy charge from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not go on for a mone man jito
	layer_4: he could not go one for a momman jot to
	layer_6: he could not go one for a mo man jato
	layer_8: he could not go on for a momente or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: marbaret could not tel what to say a seemed to her as teri byu masterious as if far fal the were abouto doon m him alden
	layer_4: margart could not tell what to say i seemd to her es erribl mysterious as if ar father were about to toomn ma hem ateanh
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her res terribly mysterious as if far father were about to to hm mohammatinh
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her ast terribly mysterious as if her father were about to tm mhammetin
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to dne ma homaten
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to done ma hometen

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the onec stat funddation of her home of hor ideaof r beloverid father them realing h wooking
	layer_4: the once stayte foundation of her home of er idea of ha beloved father themreling hin wlocking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father shem reling and wocking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father sfeem reeling and wocking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reeling and rocking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reeling and rocking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swallowr down the dry churkingsof which had beeng heeaving up lrom hi's heard it the t and going to his bercase he ad took downe of volln whichshe had of fen been reading  lakle id from which he thought he ha de rivbe srinth to inter upon the cous n which he was know in bo
	layer_4: he s wallowd down the dryg churking sof which had been heaving up from his heart itherto and going to his beokcase he had took down af volun which he had oftren been weading lately ad from which he thought he had derived strinth to inter opon the course in which he was now an bo
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart eithertop and going to his book case he ha took down a volume which he had often been weading lately from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the coourse in which he was now in bob
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sob which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his book case he ha took down a volume which he had often been reading lately nd from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now enbobed
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he hd took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embobed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he ha took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embobed

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: lnisen dy malbart said he fbut dong one aomround hr rast
	layer_4: nistent dea magart said he put ding one aaroun her raste
	layer_6: listen de margaret said he put ing ont arm around her raste
	layer_8: listen ta margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god wll not use den one kind yet he will and a nother
	layer_4: when god will not use den one kind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use dean one kind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use dan one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use dan one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use dean one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when though are chage with crrupting galldsweship folrlsou find tywols theugh pretendesst and the sessisty or it onder to a continuancs in the inistry
	layer_4: if when though ar charged with corrupting gods worship forcsifind hy welse theugh pretendused and necessesty or it onoder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_6: if when thouh are charged with corrupting god's worship for sofind thy rellse though pretendus and nacessesty for it own oda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thou are charged with corrupting god's worship farlsifind thy rells theyg pretendest and necescsity for it own oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifynd thy rels theug pretendest a necessity for its own an odor to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifind thy relmbs theug pretendest a necessity for its own an odor to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he read this and glance antd mi ch mork which he did not wead he gaime resautsion for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and tfohum in dooneg hat he blieved to be wit ut as he seesed he had morgets low conbulsho solf and his curried sang down under the cend sens of suffring
	layer_4: as he read this and glanceant much more which he did not reead he gain resoution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and furm in doeing what he believe to be wight ut as he seised he heard margaret's low convulsi solvb and his courried sang down under the keen sense of sufferin
	layer_6: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing hat he believe to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low comnvulsiv sob and his courried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low comnvulsive sob and his courie sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: i have bone long woith suf rpuch there wuld have rous any myind less ta ped an cowed le behen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with saf repoch there would have rouse any mind less to bin and cowdly hen mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with sarf repoch there would have rouse any mind less torpid and cowedly than mine
	layer_8: i have gone along with sap reporch there would have roused any minde less torid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have gone along with saff reproach there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have gone along with saff reproach there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook his heades hyou windone
	layer_4: he shook his head as you wint on
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magbrit i rid to do it i trid to contend myself with symplu refesing vi dihet o refem en and sopping quitely here strangam miy countionce now as i had straingd tod before
	layer_4: margaret i cried to do it i cried to contentd myself wih simply refusing the distal reverolent and sopp ing quitely here strang ing my contiance now as i had strained id before
	layer_6: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself wah simply refusing the distral preferment and stopping quitetly here strangling my consciance now as i had strained it before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i tried to content myself wih simply refusing the adisal reverent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additonal referend and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the aditional refervend and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: goht ikive me
	layer_4: thoht iokive me
	layer_6: thoughts agive me
	layer_8: toughts tho give me
	layer_10: tots that give me
	layer_12: togts that give me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: he ras ind wolkd up en down the rom speakining o words of seflwyl pogi and hu theiation a which marget wastangkfulr to heabut a few
	layer_4: he reos and walked up and down the room speakinging o words of seftly proch and hum iation o which margaret was thankful to habut a few
	layer_6: heros and walked up and down the room speakinging no words of sofly proache and humiiation ar which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_8: herose and walked up and down the room speaking no words of sofely proach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking no words of soft reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking no words of soft reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: magaret i retunine to the l said burdin we must lleave helseton
	layer_4: margaret i returned to the ld said birden we must leave helston
	layer_6: margaret i return to the old said burden we must leave helston
	layer_8: margaret i return to the oldsaid burden we must leave hilstone
	layer_10: margaret i return to the olsaid burden we must leave hilstone
	layer_12: margaret i return to the oldsaid burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: yeis
	layer_4: nes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i ha ritento the bishop i day sa ive told you so but i forget thngs tus now said mis ter hale calapting i to hise de pressed manner assoon ints hy cane to took of hart matrof bac detld hin forming him wiof my intongeont to resignhis peckurage
	layer_4: i have writtento the bishop i day say have told you so but i forgeft things ju s now said mister hale collapting int his deu pressed manne as soon inshe came to took of hard maturof back detaild in forming him of my intengeion to resignes speckurage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolok of hard matrol back detaild informing him of my intention to resign ha speakurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolok of hard matter of fack detaile informing him of my intention to resign th spea arage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of bact detailes informing him of my intention to resign the speacorage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of bact details informing him of my intention to resign the speacorage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they au but what i have tried u pon myself wor tat away
	layer_4: they aut but what i have cried upon myself wir that away
	layer_6: they art but what i have tried upon myself withthat awa
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself without awai
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wol be acil but wos farwus woll wet dhe parnting fo my de appeople
	layer_4: that woull be a cil but worse farwes well wild departing for my deaa people
	layer_6: that will be a cil but worse farwes will werh departing for my dea people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworst will the departing from my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse will te departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will te departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come tostay wit us to moro
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was tit to beson saden men
	layer_4: wash it to be son sado men
	layer_6: was it to be some soden men
	layer_8: was it to be some sodon men
	layer_10: was it to be some soudom men
	layer_12: was it to be some soudom men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is momal say
	layer_4: what is moma say
	layer_6: what is mamma sa
	layer_8: what dis mamma say
	layer_10: what does mamma say
	layer_12: what does mamma say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: mal garet i am a pooll call wrn oauter alg i cannot ba to give pain
	layer_4: margaret i am hapoul calm wend after oll i cannont beyd to give paine
	layer_6: margaret i am a pool calont after all i cannot be to give pain
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool calrone after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a poor cam one after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a poor calm one after all i cannot bear to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in theed she most said lagard
	layer_4: yes in deed she most said lagard
	layer_6: yes indeed she most said lawgret
	layer_8: yes indeed she most said lawbart
	layer_10: yes indeed she most said largart
	layer_12: yes indeed she most said margaret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: horhaps oftr awl she may not oa ies
	layer_4: perhaps offrall she may not ahyes
	layer_6: perhaps ofterall she may not ohyes
	layer_8: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wale she must be shot as a force lf the blow rturne upon herself and trying to ra lize how adnovbher woul dakeet
	layer_4: she waille she must be shotd as a forcealf the blowreturned upon herself and crying to rea lies how another weuld take et
	layer_6: she well she must be shot as a force ol the blow returned upon herself and crying to relie how another would take it
	layer_8: she will she must be shot as i force  the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she will she must be shot as a force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she will she must be shot as ta force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: tomiel to now tem he answed with ha dolmindiffans for heat poseeve thact al though he s tougt os lov hand made her clamn to him ad for a momenstrie to seot himg with helo heeat the keness of te pain was as freshes ever ing hem mind
	layer_4: to millto knor them he answered with a dun indiference for he hat perceive that although his daught as leve had made her claimed to him and for a moment stribed to soth him with her love he et the keeness of te payn was as fresh es ever in her mind
	layer_6: to milto nor them he answered with a dul indifference for he had perceived that although hes daughter's love had made her clainme to him and for a moment stribed to sooth him with her love hyet the keeness of ta pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mil to northan he answered with a dulml indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keeness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to milton northam he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment stried to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to milton northam he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dopain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to en ote
	layer_4: milt dhenothen
	layer_6: miltd nahen
	layer_8: milto norhan
	layer_10: milton northan
	layer_12: milton northan

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the samed esconden in diffrem way
	layer_4: yes said he nt the sayime dispondon hen differn way
	layer_6: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: let heg with his quak in c a tovf simpothyng wreaden her face as in the marror the reflections of his own modyde pression and turneded offit the nefat
	layer_4: but he with this qrick in cuit ovf symphthy read in her face as in a mero the reflections of his own modydepression and turned id off wit tenefot
	layer_6: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a miror the reflections of his own moodydepression and turned it off with ta neffort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: you shell betold to wabaret
	layer_4: you shall be toldon mobaret
	layer_6: you shall be told o maberete
	layer_8: you shall be told o maberet
	layer_10: you shall be told o mabaeret
	layer_12: you shall be told o marbaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: only helpd mee to tell you lather
	layer_4: only help me to tell you ather
	layer_6: only helpd me to tell your mlother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell you mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell you mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i am ging uth for the day to bit far the dobson in the puo people o bacy comman goud by
	layer_4: i am ging ough for the day to bit far the dobson in the pour people on brasy comman god by
	layer_6: i am going upt for the day to bit fathe dobson in the pol people on bracy common good bye
	layer_8: i am going oup for the day to bid father dobson and the poorl people on brazy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good by
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whuild you dislike brakng int to her veryn luce whalgert
	layer_4: would you dislike braking it to her bery much wagart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her bery much rmalgaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: margaer did as like et did ching from at more thein rom any thing tued ever had to doin helife befure
	layer_4: margar did is like it didcshring from it more thean from any thing she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_6: margare didt is like it ditchring from it more than from anything she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_8: margaret did' dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to doin her life before
	layer_10: margaret didn't dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret didn't dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel shooke his had the sponding nly hi presed er hand nd token of gratitude
	layer_4: mister hal shooke his head the spondingly hin pressed her hand ind token of bratitude
	layer_6: mister hale shook his head tespondingly i pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margaet wus neleup sitagainning to  buirst of kyin
	layer_4: margaret as nerly up sit again ing to  berst of pine
	layer_6: margaret was narly upsit again into a burst of kine
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of cine
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to dirn her thoulds she said now tell metepa what up lana
	layer_4: to den her thougts she said now tell me perpa what up nanza
	layer_6: to dern her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_10: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what uplanza
	layer_12: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up lanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: yo had ma ma have soe mone in dependen of the incom from the living havd not you on chawe has i know
	layer_4: you had mama have some money in dependont of the incom from the living have not you on chow has i know
	layer_6: you ad mamma have some money in dependent of the incom from the living have not you on sur has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shure has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shaw has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you on shaw has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: sovmen toeoe tat his al wayscone to fregerick sin te hasd ween a brod
	layer_4: sevent oyove tbhat his alwas gonet to fregorick since he has ween a broad
	layer_6: seventyu of tat has always gone to frederick sincehe has wenabroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been a broad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: e must have som  payfor serving with e spanshaing
	layer_4: hemust have some a pay for serving with despansh aring
	layer_6: he must have some pay for serving with despanish armin
	layer_8: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_10: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_12: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: vegorick must not surfer faind lagert toe cidely in a farn cuntr so in jusle treetod by as on hurn drewseis left
	layer_4: fedrik must not surfer sain magaert decidantly in a forin country so andjustly treated by hisan a handes is left
	layer_6: frederick must not suffer said magaret decigdently in a folrein country so injustly treated by his arn he hunders has left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm the hunders has left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said marbaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm the hundrers as left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said marbaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his arm the hundrers is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said mista l that would not adsir i must do somefhaing
	layer_4: said mistl that wouldl not answerh i must do somethink
	layer_6: said miste hale that would not answer i must do somethingk
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can ol was disi beta oy myselfand not inflence by those whon my love said he as i hafr poligy for having te rain so mikht refoe yar told any one of hits poam dy of his emtantions
	layer_4: i can alwas decide betif o myself and not influence by those whom my love said he as i half r pology for having arain so mich brefore yet told any one of his fam ty of his imtentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettefor myself and not influenced by those whom my love said he as a half epology for having arran so much before ye told any one of his famiy of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better or myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraignged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better for myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraignged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better for myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraigned so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can ot stand ofbjections
	layer_4: i can olt stam objections
	layer_6: i can oltstand objections
	layer_8: i can noutstand objections
	layer_10: i cannoutstand objections
	layer_12: i cannoutstand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: iny make we sow n decideid
	layer_4: i make me so undecide it
	layer_6: i make me so un decide id
	layer_8: i make me so undecided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: misteo hal comtin ued a few mon i g when my mis yu hof deap be kamg moe tan i could bay without speaking i rlote to mis to bell youw membemiss te bell maorgaert
	layer_4: mister hale continued a few months agi when my misror ove dap became more than i could bey without speaking i roke tomister bell you remembermister bell margart
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misryw of dapt became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could beay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: no i never sow him likfething
	layer_4: no i never saw him li ething
	layer_6: no i never saw him mi thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him mi thing
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and any rate he has foperty ver which has very mi kan presed can velleien s andcs milhin has become such a lawrgsuamane factring ton
	layer_4: and any rate he has fopety ther which has veary mikecanplresed fand velvinges and esmilthon has become such a largemanu factoring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has folkerty there which has very mih inplieast an valviness and smilton has become such a large manufactoring town
	layer_8: at any rate he has folkerty there which has very much inplreased fon valviness and smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has fockarty there which has very much increased fim valvuness inc smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has fockarty there which has very much increased fon valvuness in smilton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i don'l now that he gameg i sraendh
	layer_4: i don't know that he gavme meg my srenth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me my srenth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv e cutr
	layer_4: a pride tachuter
	layer_6: a privea tuter
	layer_8: a private tutor
	layer_10: a private cutor
	layer_12: a private cutor

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said magaret looking scoful wate in he wrl dindmany factuas want with the casics olitrictur or the ac comelisps a rhegentle man
	layer_4: said margaret looking scornful wate in the world en manyou factures want wit a chlassics of litriature o the a comliss o a gentleman
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with the classics o literature a the accomplishons oe a gentlemen
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with e classics on literature or the accomlishiens of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufacturs want wit a classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world in manufactures want with a classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: oh said her father some of them lay seend to befind fellows contante of therown diffisiencies which is more than manyi mant boxs ledis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of them raly seemd to befind fellows contene of the ron defficiencies which is more than many man at boxthat is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them really seeme to be fined fellows contrence of the r own defficiencies which is more than man man at broxlet is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them really seemed to be fined fellows contrencts of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxled is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seemd to be fine fellows contients of their own deficiencies which is more than manny man at boxford is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows contients of their own deficiencies which is more than manny man at boxford is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: so one the churdren to be pet in stroctevd teen dayv ehem selfs har been
	layer_4: som one the chirren to be wet in structed tehan they tehensele her been
	layer_6: some ont they chilren to be bett instructed than they behemsele harve been
	layer_8: some one the children to be beterinstructiv than they themselves have been
	layer_10: some one the children to be bettr instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some one the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in milt tan maret i shall find to busy life f not thi happy one and peopul and seein so different that i shall never be ren mindge of helseton
	layer_4: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life ifnot a happy one and peeopl and see in so different that i shall never be e minded of helston
	layer_6: an in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seein so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhiscordnt as it as with all mist a deetetation for al se had ever heard of the nar fhar england the manufacturs the keeple the wile d and bee country there was his mone recommindation hie would be diffremt from heulston and could nevery mind the monf that beelovid place
	layer_4: discoodent as it was with all mist a detestation for algshe had ever heard of the norphof england the manufactures the peeple the wild and blea country there was this one recommendation hi would be different from helston and could nevery mind them oft that beloved place
	layer_6: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the norh of england the manufactures the people the wild amd blek country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never rymind them off that beloved place
	layer_8: discordent as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleet country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen do re go
	layer_4: when dorego
	layer_6: when der e go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not know exaty
	layer_4: i do not know exacthe
	layer_6: i do not know exact he
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: id wones on taok et o he with d yeyou
	layer_4: i wone his ha talk it over with you
	layer_6: i want is o talk it over with you
	layer_8: i wantes to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want ed to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: hes see uo mother knowse nothing about itseed but i tin in afourt night i'f teo my ded o vecsic nationis sentin i shal hav nto wike to en tane
	layer_4: ho see your mother knose nothing about it yet but i tin in a fort night after my ded a resignation is sent in i shall have no wigt toenglane
	layer_6: o see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to en lane
	layer_8: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is senting i shall have no right to enlane
	layer_10: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to enlane
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my ded of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to enlane

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget wes ola stond
	layer_4: maget was alnastand
	layer_6: margarert was almostand
	layer_8: margaret was almost and
	layer_10: margaret was almo stund
	layer_12: margaret was almo stand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoeed hesself rormeut ietely
	layer_4: but she recovered herself remmudently
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remudiently
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remmudiately
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immediately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes pupa it had bet o be fix soon in i sidedly as he say
	layer_4: yes pupa it had bette be fixd soon and desidedtly as you say
	layer_6: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixedsoon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: oll form ar ia
	layer_4: po pormer rea
	layer_6: pal poormearia
	layer_8: paled por maria
	layer_10: called por maria
	layer_12: called por maria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh i fi wen not marrid befi weo but myself or the wold how easyt would be
	layer_4: oh i fi were not marrid if f i wo but myself in the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said lall at ta yu i will do w it
	layer_4: no said la at sal you i will do it
	layer_6: no said mavwet salyy i will do it
	layer_8: no said mauvrt sadly i will do it
	layer_10: no said mauvrit sadly i will do it
	layer_12: no said mauvret sadly i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must nonte seiveyorself in to doubting the reoity of my word my fixet intention and resolv
	layer_4: ho must nonteceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_6: wyho must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: wyhou must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself inte doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself inte doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he lnooked at her ind the same steady stonbe mannar for soe moment s oft to hhed n speking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony manno for some oments ofto had un speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony mannor for some moments offter had onspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he hadon speaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he hadone speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the plessing of god beuwon bee my child
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon bev my child
	layer_6: the plessing of god be upon bhe my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the next mamen she fared lest te s answer to his blessing might be you wivvrendt rong minte herd him as commin pro his dourhter as she thrue herams a round hus nek
	layer_4: the next moment she fead lesst thesanswer to his blessing might be  iverent wrong mindt heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her ams around his neck
	layer_6: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be eriverent wrong might heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared lesthis answer to his blessing might be ereverend wrong might herd him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lesthis answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurd him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lesthis answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurd him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she head him lonmen to himselvf the marces and confecees had be mnwore paing to bare i wilgh not trink
	layer_4: she heard hem mloeen to himselfe the martes ind confees had e hmenmore pain to bear i wrill not trink
	layer_6: she heard him loeen to himself the marthys and confeseles had even more pain to bear i wal not thrink
	layer_8: she heard him mumend to himself the martis and confesses had even more paind to bear i real not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him murmured to himself the martyrs and confesses have even more paint to bear i reall not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him murmured to himself the martyrs and confessors have even more paint to bear i reall not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they was statl by haing withsus hal in quiriegd for her durter
	layer_4: they we startele by hearring witsus hale inquirind for her daughtear
	layer_6: they were startled by hearring missus haile inquiring for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquirye for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquirye for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in siventeen fifty he came fort in the carater a for which he was em inelie quialified on tejestic teachure of hmoral and religous wiston
	layer_4: in seventeen fifty he came fort in the caracter of forwhich he was eminetli qualified an mhejestic teacher of moral and religious wisdon
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the vcal whi e chos was that of a parioutical paper which he knew had beenupon former occasions imployed with gret s eccess
	layer_4: the vcal which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions imployed with great success
	layer_6: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a tlos howcronaebid
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a o los how ctro navit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i at dourit niht upon my benside and resoved that i would notgotesleep till h ad fixetencs title
	layer_4: i sat doubt it night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not goo tosleep till i ad fixedancs title
	layer_6: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixedince title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed itts title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: atisoncs not was affiction in which unconecon fregments of his lucugrations wre perpeselyd jombled together in his aldemaneras he could in ordrtoeroduca laghabalefect
	layer_4: adisonce note was affiction in which unconnect on fragments of his lucubrations fore purposelad jubled together in his al de manner as he could in order to broduceal lahable efect
	layer_6: adisence note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations fer purpose laid jumbled together in his awl demanner as he could in order to roduce a lafable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations fere purpose ly jumbled together in as awe demanner as he could in order to produce a laufable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposelay jumbled together in as aweda manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposelay jumbled together in as awd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: wherese johnsinshe griviations our alldthe stind and ae plickabule to each subject of which the hed his megi
	layer_4: we s johnsons af breviations are all destinctd and aplicable to each subject of which the head is mentiuin
	layer_6: where th johnsons ofgreviations are all distinct and appliqable to each subject of which they had is mentione
	layer_8: where  johnsons afgreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the had is mentioned
	layer_10: where johnson's aggreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: wheres johnson's aggreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instoncs there s the folowing scpesil
	layer_4: for instance there is the following scesimen
	layer_6: for instance there 's the following specilen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specilen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pumblhe conimities no sens of he previdence of bad hapbits nidgligint of time ready tndertake careleus to prsu all chaingsd by time
	layer_4: puble conameties no sense of the previdlence of bad hapbits niglagent of time ready t oundertake careless to pursue al changed by time
	layer_6: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfidince of others onsuspecting as on experiensed imagyning himself securgats niglet never amagions they were venture to treeat him ill redy to rost expecting to  be trostid
	layer_4: qonfidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself securegaets neglect never imagins they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting to be trosted
	layer_6: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure aganst neglect never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_8: onfidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglete never imagines they werl ventured to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against negletct never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglett never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you thom bisus as thinking oners esy to be had
	layer_4: you tham bitius as thinking oners esy to be had
	layer_6: you fambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_8: yout ambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: tifet cindto prays persu dat doffen peries
	layer_4: defect kind to praise persued at different perinse
	layer_6: defect kintofe praise pursued at different perians
	layer_8: deffect kind of praise pursued at different pyrions
	layer_10: defferent kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods
	layer_12: defferent kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fanci an badd
	layer_4: of the fancean badode
	layer_6: of the fancian madrd
	layer_8: of the fancian baderod
	layer_10: of the fancian badrod
	layer_12: of the fancian madroid

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: rig
	layer_4: gri
	layer_6: gri
	layer_8: gri
	layer_10: grig
	layer_12: grig

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scollers frenshiopfd like ladies
	layer_4: scollows frenship like ladies
	layer_6: scholows friendshipd like ladies
	layer_8: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholars friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholars friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: draone o man by words repeled by passients
	layer_4: drawne to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_6: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: ommoindangu ou ninht s bmy crusshing otheir passions bt they wereturn
	layer_4: commondanger u nights by crusshing otheir passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger units by crushing other passions boat they return
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: equality indes complys
	layer_4: equality indes complis
	layer_6: equality inders compliance
	layer_8: equality hinders compliance
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: suppariyrta produces inelence and enthy
	layer_4: superiort produces incilence and enthy
	layer_6: superioritie produces insolence and enthy
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence and envhy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and envy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: too och wre gde an each to privet intherest tlittle
	layer_4: two much regde an each to private interest to little
	layer_6: too much regard and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard an each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard and each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard and each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of confheir recey was stuperias aver oe nose de in colnvenions
	layer_4: of conferesy was superias ever one knose the in convenions
	layer_6: of confederacy with superiors ever one knows the inconvinionc
	layer_8: of confederacy wath superiors every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withepls no athorty everymand his orn epinion his on interest
	layer_4: with egls noutharty every mand his own opinion his own interest
	layer_6: with eguals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: man and wife hardly you nit ed scar sevo without tilberan
	layer_4: man and wife hardl yu nighted scarseva without trilbern
	layer_6: man and wife hardly united scarcever without chilrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without childbren
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: cop utathon yif toto ane against too how med youl gain'st five
	layer_4: cop utation if two to one against too how medty'gainst five
	layer_6: coputation if two to one against two how medty gainst five
	layer_8: coputation if two to one against two how medy against five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how meny against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how meny against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as in many otoccases ai go rong in ofposition tu convictuon for i think scars any tempralgood equally to be desied with he regod and femili arity of wor the man
	layer_4: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in ofposition to convictun for i think scarce any tempral good equally to be desired with the regad and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to convicton for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hope wh shall be somet hime year t weach other ad hav a or ready way o poring outaur hearts
	layer_4: i hope we shall be sometin yeur to each other and ham amore ready way o pouring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometime hear to each other and havm a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and havm a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: igrae es ben fit which one frien  cen canfurpon enother is to gard and excite and elevat his virtuns
	layer_4: the greates benefit which one friend ken can fer upon another is to god and excite and eleveigte his vircues
	layer_6: the greatest penefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this yoor mother willstill pefor if yutiligentely preservf the memory of her life and of her death an litaseo fori s i coaolearn o ful wis and inicant andthe death resind peeful and hory
	layer_4: this your mother will still perform if you duligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lihthuso for as i cund learn uit ful wise and inicent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you giligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifesso far as i can learn isfull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifeso far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canot for bha ti magon thid neither weason norrebilation dini you to hope that main cree her happiness by abeying her precets and that she may and her present state lotk with pleasur o ploan every actr vertur to whichhure instructions or example have contriited
	layer_4: a cannot forbet to mation that neither reason nor revilation denise yo to hope that shue may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may ind her present estate look with pleasure ppon every actor virture to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_6: i cannot forber tomision that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actor virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act o virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act orf virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wrie down minduly what you wr member of herve from your arlis yers you will redit with guat lesinra and receiv from it many hins of swithing brecoluction when time ch ho remove ver yet falthe from you and you r grief sh all be  macured to veneration
	layer_4: if you write down min utely wat you r member of her from your erliast years you will read it with great pletiuar and receive from it many cints of sothing brecollection when toime h o remove her yet falher from you and your grief shale be nmetured to venerration
	layer_6: if you rite down minutely what you are member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great plessure and receive from it many kints of soothing recollection when time shal remove her yet fatlher from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you r member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you ramember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no erthirty two on patiencs even underxtrem misery is wonderfully lofty and as muchibove the rant of stoceisum as the son of ruvolitionies britureof than the twiliht of pagoni fhilosopha
	layer_4: noberthirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosism as the son of revolation is brighter  than the twilight of paganphilosophe
	layer_6: nober thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stocism as the son of rebelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_8: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stocism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it must indet be alowd that the structurve his sentences is expandet and often has some wat of the invirsion of laenn and that he delihtedto express familiorthoughts in n phillasoficaalauage being in this the reversof socritis whoit wase said whul dused fillosof e to the simplicitiy of comman life
	layer_4: it must indeed be allowed that the structureif his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to expresse familiar thoughts an philasophical liguage being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said wre duced phulosophe to the simplicity of commen life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts anphilosophical language being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled sharge has been eccod from one babolar to another who hawe con founded jontsons essays with julsons dictionary and because he fhoughtise rigty in e lucxs accalnof ar lauige do coluc many words which had fallan inter desus but were supported by gratothorities mit is bet imagiondat that e all of thes have been into wovin into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled charge has been echoed from one babalar to another who have confounded johnson's essays with jodson's dictionary and because he thought ite wright in e luxacon of our language o colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greatothorities it his beet imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been echoed from one babeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexacon of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greatauthorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeller to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babellar to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbelar to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plain cloth and brocad
	layer_4: their styles differs playin cloth and brokeade
	layer_6: their styles differ as playin cloth and brokehade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: hourxtremis pleasure has somesort of growning an compliting init would ou not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_4: ourextrymis pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: our extremous pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest and fullest contentment offrs more of the grave than of the mary ipsa ferlicitos say ticsatemperout premit even fuolicity andles it moderatet self a presses
	layer_4: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa phelicitoss say nessy temperot premite even fhilicity andless it moderateedself a presses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa feliqitos say nicy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa felicuitas say nissy temperot premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa ferlicitos say nissi tamperot premit even felicity unless it moderates itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mery ipsa ferlicitas say nissi tamperot premit even felicity unless it moderates itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: socrity says that some god trie to mikt in one mas and o confound pain and plasur but not being able to do it he befhought him it leasd to cuple themby the tale meter door said that in soro thers somemixure of plaur
	layer_4: socrity says that some god tried to mixion one mass and a confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the tale metradoor said that in sorrow theirs some mixure of plasure
	layer_6: socrate says that some god tried to mixin one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tal mettrodor said that in sorrow theire's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass and ta confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixure of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodors said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: matyure di scoversisconfusen to us painter's hol hat the same motions andgrmises of the face that serv for weping sir forlaughter too and endeed before the one of the other befinished du but observed the paiturs manner of handling and you will be andoubt to which of the two the design tens and the xhtroem of lafter does it last bringtears
	layer_4: nature discovers his confusion to us painters hole that the same motions and grirmises of the face that serve for weeping sere for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished du but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be endoubt to whitch of the two the design tends and the extrem of laughter does it last bring t ears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimises of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter two and indeed before the one ofr the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be en doubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last brang tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the designe tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubtd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefor common and less speculitiv souls ar found o be more proper for andmoreseuccessful in the management of afairs and the elevated an ex quisidt apinians of phuilosihy unfit for business thi sharpve vasity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it di sterborn a gociations
	layer_4: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper four and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquusit opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vevacity of soul and the supple tandrestless volubility attending it disterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper four and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless voluebility attending it disturbyn egotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbyrn egotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the subpple and restless volubility attending it disturb y negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb y negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dis in to and in his inquusition comperhens all circumstances and consequences hinders his lection a littlleng on well mandal thiss sufisient firxecutions whether of less or breaterwit
	layer_4: he who disin to and in his inquisition comprehens all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engand well handled this sufficient for executions whether of less or greater wit
	layer_6: he who dis in to and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engeine well nandled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the loftythu sidiies is abot to litterupon his discription of the plag that desilytad athoms one of his modern commontators asurce to reaer that the histr as now going to be exceetdingly soem serius and pathetict and hins withat airofe chuckling gratulation with which a good daine dawse fortha choice morsul fom a coubred to weregalae favourit that this plage will give his histery amosta greeaable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thuhcidities is about to itterupon his description of the pleg tha desolated athens one of his modern commentators assurese the reader that the histor os now going to be exceedingly slem seriouse and pathetic and hince with that ar of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth he choice morsal from a cupbard to eregal ofavourite that this plag will give his history amost agreeable variety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plagu that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly saollemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to erigale a favorite that this plagu will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thusidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty thusidites is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to bregale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thusidites is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to bregale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: suh of the tro subjects for the he stori pen
	layer_4: such of the tru subjects for the hystoric pen
	layer_6: such of the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fol of empiars the desolation of happy countories splended cities smuoking in thir ruans the protised works of art tumbled in the dust the shreks an grons of hole nations a sending undo heven
	layer_4: the foll of empirs the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the prodisetd works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations assending undo heaven
	layer_6: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations assending unto heaven
	layer_8: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: theus thos swurms of flis which ar so of an execrated is useless verman or creaded for the sustancuspiters and spiters on the other hand our evrdlently made to divour flis
	layer_4: thus those swarms of flis which aure so of an execrated as useless vermen ar created for the sustenate of spiders and spiters on the other hand are evidently made to devour flis
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinate of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: ancet treditions speak much f his learning and of the gallent inrods he had mad into the dead languiges in which he had made captive o hoset of greeak nons and latin vers and brought off rich booty in anceren sos and apothogims which he was want to perad in his pubthi c orangs as a traonfit general of yor his spollya upima
	layer_4: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and laton verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothigems which he was want to paraede in his public orangs as a triumphrt general of yur his spollia upima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knons and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothagems which he was wont to parade in his public orangs as a triumphat general of yoor his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogums which he was wont to parade in his public harangus as a triumphant general of yore his spolia olpima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogems which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved hoever that he seld o got into an ar ument without gety anto a perplexity and then indo a pasion with is ad rsary for not bein convinced gratis
	layer_4: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without gettig into a perpluxoty and then into a patsion with his advesary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: h is abod which he had ficxed at a bowry or countryceat ant a short distiance from the city just at what is now calld duch street soon abounded with profs of his ingunuity pattend smok jks that requarde a horse to work them dutch ovencs that rost ed meet without fire cars that went before the horses whether coxks that turned against the wind and other wrong heded couontriveanses that a stonished ind con foundend all beholders
	layer_4: he s abod which he had fixed at a bowry or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses whether coxs that turned against the wind and other wrong headed couontrivandces that astonished in confound id all beholders
	layer_6: he is abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses wheather coxs that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: heis abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: hiis abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is inaknowlege as in swoming he who flounders and splices on the surfase mixe moure nois in attracks more tension than the purled iver who quietly diesin quest of thrases to the bottom
	layer_4: it is in knowlege as in swimming he who flounders and splaches on the surface maxes more noise an attracks more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dis in quest of trasures to the botom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splacshes on the surface makes more noise and attracks more attention than the pearl divor who quietly dies in questivfe trasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracks more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the romon's by thes means aructed teir colones for prceiving their sity to grow inmasurably populis they easd t it of the mostd unnecessary peopl and sent om to him habit and cultivate teland's conquered bo them some poms alsal they perpsely maintain wars wat some of their anemies not only to keep their own men aaction for fere lest idalenus the mother of corruption should bring upon them someworse in convenane
	layer_4: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to growe immesurably populous they easd it of the most unnecessary people and senthim to im habit and cultivate the lan's conquered by them sometims also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lesst idaleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconveniencs
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiding their city to grow immeasurably populouse they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to im habit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to emhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintaine wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffer they ls of along piace lutr ous more pronitious than or
	layer_4: and we suffere the ils of along pece luxturi as more prnicious than war
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and this also was onresin whyor king fillop consented to scend his sun jon upon a fornexbedition that he might take along with hem a great number of hot yung men who wereth then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was onereas on whi our king phillip consented to send his son john upon a forean expedition that he might take along with thim a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one reas on why ur king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why or king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other aen  as the impius arterf the gladiatrs proposesto itself what the slaugtter of young men what plasur fed with bloa
	layer_4: what other end as the impious art of the glad yators pro pose to itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blod
	layer_6: what other end oas the impious art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty oners delad for thi rain thand be successur to thi fathers hancs forth let nonit romby slanforsport
	layer_4: prince take the honers delad for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let non it rombeslaiin for sport
	layer_6: prince take the honors delayed for thy rein and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rom be slain for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let beasts blod stan thy infrmeserina and no more homasides be theire ated
	layer_4: let beasts blood stain the infimeserina and no more homasides be their actand
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infiamois arena and no more homisides be thereactant
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there actent
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be thereactet
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be thereactent

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not enough for then aefight and odi bravely but cerefully to in so much that they were hist and cursd if they mae any has itation about receiving their death
	layer_4: it was not enough for the n ofight and a di bravely but ceerfully too in so much that they were hist and cursed if they made any hisitation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them o fight and te di bravely but cheerfully too in somuch that they were hised and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the very girls themseles seth t him on
	layer_4: they very girls themselves set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: thegining of revalt
	layer_4: bheginning of revult
	layer_6: theginning of revolt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this un expected comoaund thi suprise was grat un board the foward
	layer_4: at this unexpected comand thi surprised was great on board the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command thes surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: likte the firs excglaimson
	layer_4: lighte the fires exclaim som
	layer_6: light the fires exclaime some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: hat  wih asketoise
	layer_4: what with asked oners
	layer_6: what with asked ontenge
	layer_8: what with asked unzherzs
	layer_10: what with asked duntans
	layer_12: what with asked duntens

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf her stove with the masts ed in warn
	layer_4: and stuffe the stove with the masts ed an waran
	layer_6: and stuffd the stove with the masts edden warron
	layer_8: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed in warren
	layer_10: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed in warren
	layer_12: and stuffed the stove with the masts edin warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: ditd yoou hi me
	layer_4: did you he me
	layer_6: did you hear me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: who spok crid haterus
	layer_4: who spoke criend hatherus
	layer_6: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i diad said pen advancign toward s tueccoptin
	layer_4: i did said pen advancingn towards the captain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i say answered pen with inoth i say we've had anough of it and bwe won't go any further
	layer_4: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent kilosh with hunger an work in the witer and they shanp lhighte the firs
	layer_4: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in te witer and they shant lighte the fires
	layer_6: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if ou r peat what the man says answered hatterus i'l have you shae up en yeur caben and gardend
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut op in your cabin and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered hateras i'll have you shurup in your cabin and guardend
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarden
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarden
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarden

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a mermor was hard
	layer_4: a murmur was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she angenear followe by plover and wrn went down to his post
	layer_4: she ingener followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_6: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the steeme was soon got up the ancrs were wayd and the forward verd away easd cutting the ungeyce with her steele prow
	layer_4: the steam was soon got up the ancers were waid and the forward veired away east cutting the yung ice with her stedl prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veired away east cutting the young ice with her steele prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steele prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between baring island and beachure point there ara consideable contity o islans in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed ogether in ta little chanels which cut uptis part of the sea they had a tended sy to a glomerate under the realtovf ly low t emporture homoks were form yr an there and these masses already more compackd denser and closere to gether would soon form an impenitrable mas
	layer_4: between bearing island and beach er point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendancy to a glomerate under the relativfely low temperture hommoks were formed here ind there and these masses already more compacketd denser and closer together would soonform an impenetrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a ttendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature homockhs were formed here ind there and these masses already more compaced denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' beginna not to and swered wall
	layer_4: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_6: i'm begina not too answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginnin not to answered woll
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered woll

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatterus still hope to find and open sei beyon the sevently sofah th paralel as ser adwered belture had done
	layer_4: hatterus still hope to find and open sea beyond the seventycs of ath peralel as sir edward belter had done
	layer_6: haterus still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventycsofath parallel as sir edward belture had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seveth parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: ouht he to treat theseaccounsces apocrapul
	layer_4: ought he to trat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_6: ought he to treat these accounces a pocraful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accountces apogriphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nextday the son set for the firsttoime anding thus the long suries of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_4: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had ended by getting a custome to the continu l day light but it had never mae any difference to the animals the green ondogs ent to their rust iat thei accustom dour and dick sluppt as regulaly every vening as tho darknesad coverd the scky
	layer_4: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the green wondogs went to their rest at their accustomed our and dick sluppd as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the skay
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the doctor by followin johnsons advice a custimd himself to support the lowtimerter he allmost always stayde on deck raving the cold the wind and the snew
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsons advice a customed himself to supporth he low tembeartur he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support tha low temperature he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind and a snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and he snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: there 's more than one among stas he woud like to an iminttate the my think
	layer_4: there is more than one among stas ho would like to an imitate thet y think
	layer_6: there is more than one amongstus who would like to an imitate that i think
	layer_8: there is more than one amongstus who would like to and imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate thatm i think
	layer_12: there is more than one amongst us who would like to and imitate tham i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they are cowarets misteclau bony those enimals had no provisions as we have and or rblids to seek ther food werd is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals hade no provisions as we have and or obloidge to seek their food were id is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that haterus wil succseed then
	layer_4: you hope that hatteris will succee then
	layer_6: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he seartainly wll mister clalbony
	layer_4: he certainly will mister clalbony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawbunney
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbunny
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbunny

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: im m of the same u pinian as youw jahnson and if fee only wanted one faithful combaon he'l have too
	layer_4: im ofe the same opinion as you johncon and i ee only wantered one faithful combaion he'll have too
	layer_6: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wantered one faithful companlion he'll have too
	layer_8: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert land which the forward was then costing be rs aws o the name of granol land and though hatterius from his hatred to the ancies would niever callt by tsamercanname it is the wont it genely gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forwad was then coasting bers also the name of grinel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the anches would never callit by itsamerika name it is the one it generally goesby
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankhees would never call it by its american name it is the one at generally goes by
	layer_8: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grennell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the eighteent of agis they sigtedt brtonny amountain scarcely visible throughthe mist and the foreward waid ancord the nectday in northumberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eighteenth of augusst they cigted braetany amountain skarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighd anchore the next day in nor thumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted brittania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they cighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: ndaa mordal  polow sopto earm his gread a mont s men
	layer_4: and ase mortal a polow sok to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal apollo sougp to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apolo sought to earn his bread a monst man
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst man
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amodest man

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterward people wanderedot ad medeses ever smiling face an ever ratingt beng
	layer_4: afterward people wondered at ad medices ever smiling face and everatiing ben
	layer_6: afterward people wondered at ad medices ever smiling face and ever rating bein
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at atmedacis ever smiling face and everrating ben
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at amedacis ever smiling face and everrating bein
	layer_12: afterwards people wondered at atmetacis ever smiling face and everrating bein

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: that wase before ad meder saile on  arago with gacon and the cmpaniins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before admede sailed on he argo with jacon and the compmaniings of the quest
	layer_6: that was before admedu sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before had metuce sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before had metus sailed on argo with jason and th companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before had mettus sailed on argo with jason and th companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: thereafter ad medtus havin love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_4: thereafter ad meaducs having love of alcuestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter admeaducs having love of alcuestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radiint fhigur it was and admatter s new that disws a polow come to m again
	layer_4: a radiant figure it was and admetters knew that dis ose a polo come to im again
	layer_6: a radiant figure it was and admedast knew that dhis os apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and admedtuc knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and admedus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and admedus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but apolow turned to admedus a fate thot was without joy
	layer_4: but apollo turn to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but apollo turned to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admetace a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admetac a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admetas a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been my nao polow threg your frienship fome said ned mettuce
	layer_4: what youse of happiness have been mi kno polow through your friendship for me said nedmetdice
	layer_6: what use of happiness have been min no pollo through your friendship for me said nedmedic
	layer_8: what us of happiness have been mine o apolo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_10: what eus of happiness have been mine or apollo through your friendship for me said ned medac
	layer_12: what eus of happiness have been mine or apollo through your friendship for me said ned medacn

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: buet still upolostood befortemn with a fia eot was without jroy
	layer_4: but still a polow stood beformim with a face tha was without joy
	layer_6: but still apallo stood befor him with a face that was without jroy
	layer_8: but still apolo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apolo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spoek an his voice was note tha clear nvibrent voice that he had once in speakin tourad metie
	layer_4: he spoke in his voice was not that clear andvibrant voice that he had once in speaking to haed medice
	layer_6: he spoke in his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to hed medace
	layer_8: he spoke in his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to her medace
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to her medacen
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to her medacen

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: admetice ad medis he said it is frorme ta tell you that u may no more look on thoblu skyion or walk upon the greenerth
	layer_4: admedice admedice he said it is fom mey to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_6: admidice admeduc he said it is fror me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admetice admetice he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admetuc admetuc he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admetuc admetic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is me to tell you that the gard of the underwold wel have yeu come tre mad meuce and meduce no tha even now the god of thunderld i cending death for you
	layer_4: it is o me to tell you that the god of the underwl d will have you come to a madmetice and medice know that even now the god of thunderal is sending death for you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwarld will have you come to a mad medis and medice know tha even now the god of the anderworld is sending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedace and medace know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedice and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is tor me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmedice and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if onewill go willing leand thy place with death dou can' still livelon go ad metics
	layer_4: if one will go willingly and thy place with death thou can't still live on go ad medice
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admedice
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go ad medice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetice
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetice

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: nd then he came pon ancient oman who sat upontstrons in the courtard grinein corn betweing two stones
	layer_4: and then he came pon ancient woman who sat upon stoans in the courtyard grinean corne betwein two stones
	layer_6: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolens in the courtyard grindon corn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stolens in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind ind corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind ind corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was sign as he had first nol er with ar eys blerd and er me shakined and with the dust of the courtyard an thehusks of the qornan a matedtar
	layer_4: there she was siin as he had first nother with her eyes blird anderines shakingd and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in hemated ar
	layer_6: there she was sydden as he had first nowt her with her eyes blered and herni shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn an her matted hair
	layer_8: there she was siing as he had first knowned her with her eyes blared and hernees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went toer and spoped her and he aster to take tho place of the ken and go with death
	layer_4: he went t r and spoked oher and he aster to take the place omf the kein and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goweth death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of deth hora came into th face of t ancre woman and she cried out that she wuldkno let detht come near her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death horr came into the face of the ancer woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death horr came into the face of the ancirent woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd metistook e man shaewild hand and the astom if yeu would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medie stook the mans shiveled hand and the askhim if you would not take the king's place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: ad medice took the man' shirveled hand and he asked him if yoeu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: ad medac took the man shiveled hand and he asked him if hyoeu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admedicetook the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if heu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admetice took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if heu would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then ad mendis wintin to the powse and into the chamblor hs bedwas and he lay downd upon tha bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death thou was commiond for him from the gad of londl world and he lemented that none of the recho g ones roun pouse woere take his place
	layer_4: then admedice wint in to the powace and into the chambrors bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was comin for him from the god of landl world and he lemented that none of the reched ones rowne pouse were take his place
	layer_6: then admeduce went into the palace and into the chamberwars bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was common for him from the god of landal world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones roundthe pouse would take his place
	layer_8: then admeduce went in to the palace and into the chamber waer's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landeworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones roundthe paulce would take his place
	layer_10: then admetucs went into the palace and into the chamberweres bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place
	layer_12: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamberwere's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of lando world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go orn your place for you are the kin and have many greadto fair sto ttentyou
	layer_4: one should go oin your place for you are the kein and have many great affair sto attent you
	layer_6: one should go on your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tyo
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tyou
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_4: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so taribl for him mas before
	layer_4: it was not so terible for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word s ehe had spoken he would have taken back the word s ad brought her consent to go wish death in his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: det the wood soon beceare for her
	layer_4: death the wood sooin be hear for her
	layer_6: death th wood soon be her for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not her for yheu would no have deth come into the puse
	layer_4: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for he would not have death come into the pause
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the palce
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the palce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftid al cust is frong bed and ecarried er from the pause
	layer_4: he lifted ollcestis fron bed and he carrieder from the paace
	layer_6: he lifted alkestis tfrom bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_8: he lifted aucestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted aucestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: nolar spech came from here
	layer_4: no mar speech came from her
	layer_6: no more speech came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more' speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and as for ad meters he went within the chamber an nolt besid te bed on whicshall cest is sadlan and thoughpt of his harible loss
	layer_4: and as for ad meaters he went within the chamber and knelp besidethe bed on which all kestise sad lane and thought of his errible loss
	layer_6: and as for admeatars he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which all kastis sad laine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which al cestis sadlaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcastus sat laine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcastus sat laine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gard dis that sactf i sdoo
	layer_4: to what god as that sacfice du
	layer_6: to what god dos that sackfice do
	layer_8: to what god does that sacrphice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then rokles felt that knotar labour was before him
	layer_4: and then brockles felt that nother labour was before him
	layer_6: and then rocles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_8: and then raclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_10: and then hraclys felt that another laborer was before him
	layer_12: and then hraclys felt that another laborer was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: i have dragd up from the undlrld he thought the hound that gards lhows whom detpereean sown inter the ralunm of the gad of thundrwold
	layer_4: i have draged up from the undwrld he thought the hound that guards lows whom deatheren sown intor the rolm of the god of thunderwold
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the undewrld he thought the hound that guards los whom death beren sdown into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards tos whom death bren sown into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards tose whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why shouldi not strivoe with death
	layer_4: why should i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and woade e noble than it would be to bring back tis fathful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_4: and watee noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_6: and what a noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thien it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thieng it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thieng it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: he lefte pause of eadmadteu s and he wintol the tcempl of the gods
	layer_4: he left the palase of ad madice and he went to the cemple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of edmearruce and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are held by me do eth and you will not be let go ind less you promisetor go forth from thestample without breinging one with you
	layer_4: you are hel by me death and you will not be let go en less you promisedto go forth from this stample without brining one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this sample without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and death knoing that herrackles could hold him there and taut the business of the gad of manderwld would be left one done if ye were held promise nhat he ad leaved the temple withoutbrin one withimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that harackles could hold him there and that the business of the god of manderward would be left on done if hye were held promise that he woulel leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_6: and death knowing that haraclies could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerwarld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without breing one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was veild an admentics could not see her featurs
	layer_4: she was vailed and admedice could not see her fuatures
	layer_6: she was vailed and admedace could not see her feutures
	layer_8: she was veiled and admedace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and a metice could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and a metices could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is a wilman whomi am brien back to er husband i wone her from aneneme
	layer_4: here is a woman whom i amd brin back to her husband i wone her from anenemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringn back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: this i cannot doe saideren medue a've had pains a nogh
	layer_4: this i cannot do said on midice i've had pains enough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said  medice i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do said medics i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do sas ur medus i've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do sas un medus i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at metter sraised the vaile of the woman he had taken cross f the thir should of his haus
	layer_4: then et meadows raised the vail of the woman he had taken across of the thir shoulder f his heupes
	layer_6: then at meadocs raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirshoulder of his heaus
	layer_8: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirstholder of his house
	layer_10: then at madus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at madus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus win dog mas leadit what the man rally and in geneal wills remain still the same
	layer_4: thus win dog mas ledit what the man rially and in general willvs remain still the same
	layer_6: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general willvs remaines still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for these are caeful anly for themselves for ther on eglism jus liga bandit from whom theare only disti uish by tobserty of their means
	layer_4: for these are careful only for themselves for their on eagoism just lie the bandit from whom they are only distung uishd by thebserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandet from whom they are only distinguished by theobsurty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurity of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the dedes and conduct a an end ividual und ofvination mayy be verry much motified to dogas example andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of ination may be very much modified tho dogas example ancustom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified hrough dogwas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwa's example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogua's example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogwa's example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equal dogree of wickeness one man mayd diao mawial and anknother inthe bozznm of is family
	layer_4: with an equal dogree of wikedness one man mad die on the whel and another in the bozm of his family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conceiveable th a perfet state or prhaps indeeed accomplet and firmaly belyve doction of ar wars and punshments after death light prevent everycrime politicalyg much would beganed their vy moraly nothing on ar the expression of the will in life ould be ar sticte
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thy perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrone of wards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gaine dt their vy moruly nothing onlear the expression of the will in life would be r stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of ewards and punschments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained to their vy morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be erestricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of rewards and punichments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who ear seek lhe theri of veirtu and have there for alsit eexpresseve stacty the nat r oef lthe kmolege which lis atd itsfoundation weil et be unable to convay that nuge it self in lhis suxpression
	layer_4: we who hear seek the theory of virtue and have therefore ausito express ive stractly tha nature of the knowledge which lies et its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knolege itself in this expression
	layer_6: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore ouso to expressive stractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowlege itself in this expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore alhso to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he sees ait the istinction tbetween hmself and elers which truh the bad man as so great a goth only blane to a fleeing and loce of thao mom
	layer_4: he sees that the istinction between himself and elers which too the bad man is so great a goth only blonds tog a fleeting and lucs ofe phenom nam
	layer_6: he sees that the distinction between himself and oters which tro the bad man is so great a goth only blond trogh a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which tou the bad man is so great a golth only blonds through a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a goulfh only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonds through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: hevecon mizis himself his will in every ben and consiquently aolsoe in the suffer
	layer_4: he reconmnisis himself his will inever bean and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he recognizes himself his will inevery been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in everybeing and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in ever beeng and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in everbeing and consequently also in the sufferer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but laers the necessary and inevredbl symptiof that knldge
	layer_4: but the laders the necessary and ineveredable symptim of that knowlege
	layer_6: but the latters the necessary and enevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_8: but the latteris the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the obsid of the stiine of conciencs the orgon and sugnificints of which is explain above is e goodconscions the susfaction which y experencs after every disinterest ed ded
	layer_4: the obsite of the stene of conscience the orge ind and significance of which is explained above is the good conscionse the satisfaction which we experience after every disinteresteddeed
	layer_6: the oposite of the stane of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the steien of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: the good man lives in world a friendily inviduals the well bein o vany of rom heragaors as this own
	layer_4: the good man lives in world a friendly ind viduals the well be in a vany of room hereegards as this owne
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well being avany of rhom hereegards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in a world a friendly indviduals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefore althowh the nage of the lot of menkin generally des not ma kalds disposition ad joyfone yet the prminen mlege of is o natur an all livin beans gives hima certnann eveness and aven srendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore although the noge of the lot of man kind generally does not make ats disposition adjoyforne yet the permanene molege of his o nature in all liv in beens gives hom a certain evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_6: therefore although the knowdge of the lot of mankind generally does not make hits disposition adjoyforen yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him certain evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make hits disposition a joyfon yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl in yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfal in yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t interest which as extended t in numer balld m infystations canot causesuchingxiety as that which his consetrated upon one
	layer_4: for the interest which is extended to in numerbld my enfistations cannot cause suchanxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which is extended to in nuwmerabld manfestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to ennumerabld manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to ennumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to ennumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: axcidencs which concern ind visuals clectively equalis amselves wilethose which happene to the particulr ind vhidualf consetute good or bad fortun
	layer_4: axcidents which concern indviduals collectively equalies himselves while those which happend to the particular indvidual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: accidents which concern inividuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happened to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: eaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particuliar individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set op moral prencepuls which they give out is presciptioncs forvertu and laws which it was necessare fallowg i as hys lry been said cannot do this because i have no out or loct rescibe to the  turnaely free will
	layer_4: thus though others have set up moral princeiples which they give out is presciptions fr virtue and laws which it was necessaryed follow i as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no ougt or lat rescribed to the iturnally free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary do follow ai as has alray been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lout rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow ai as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no arght or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: forthe than this i cannot go for tearges this no reason froperferd in th indivedjualdy of nmeotlher to its oun
	layer_4: forthr than this it cannot go for lher exs this no reason for prferred in he individuality of mother to its on
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for there exis no reason for preferrid in the individuality of nother to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other inteviduals whose whol happanesr life as andang r may ot wayther gard for ones own pirticula will being
	layer_4: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happinesor life is in danger may out wayther gard for ones own particular will being
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may out wayther aguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh tha reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: so tdid socrties an geuar domo brno and so many herof the truttehe suffered deth at the stake at the hand of f the pries
	layer_4: so dide socrtes and gur dano bruno and so many herof the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_6: so died socraces and gerdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so died socraces ind girdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_10: so died socrates in guiridono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates in guirridono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: wepin is ccordinly sympatly withar own selves or sempt the directed back on it source
	layer_4: weping is accordanly sympathly with our on selves or semphoteaddirected back on it source
	layer_6: weeping is accordinaly sympathy with our oncelves or symphathyddirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordinally sympathy with ouroncelves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our ounselves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our ouncelves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor  conditional upon the cpast u for lovancsit pathy and allso hon imagination
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the capastue for love an s it pathy and also pon imagination
	layer_6: it is therefore a conditional upon the capascue for love and sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sypathy and also upon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capassitu for love and sypathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capassicu for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we ar moved ta tears not throuhar ounsuffering but through that o another this happens as follows
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not throgh our on suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happenes as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eithe we vivily put urselves in te placeo the suffer by  magination or see ind his fate the lout of uman dyas a whol anconsquently firs of all  aure own lot and tus on o vry roundvbout way i is yet alwayes about erselve sot we wep sympathe with ourselveh which ee feel this seems to be the principolrieason of the universal and usnatural weepin in thi case of death
	layer_4: either we vividly put ourselves in the place f the sufferr by magination or see an his fate the lot of humandy as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a vry round bout way it is tyet always about orselves thaght we weep sympathy with ourselve which we fel this seems to be the principl rieason of the universal and dhus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about wey it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for so al he sernanly weps for the fate of the dead but he alswheps win after long heavy and in ceuarble suffering deathas to this man a wish for de liverencs
	layer_4: for so all he certainlly weps for the fat of the dead but he als weeps win after long heavy and incerible suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_6: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the land thi s pepble said before the moon had come in to the sky
	layer_4: they were in the land this speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the magitions ofvegip to had come with kimeshi csostress stad e thot city o veya and they to eople svells tat could stay the moanenrera goin and coming in ar ris ing an setting
	layer_4: and many of the magitians of eugypt who had come with keene esaustrous stayed id that city o vea and they tat people spells that could stay the moon ina going and coming in arrison and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen sicaustrus stayed in that city ofvea and they taught people spells that could stay the mooninr a going and coming in a risong and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with kheen sisaustrous stayed in that city of aa and they taught people spells that could stay the moono o going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with khen asaustress stayed in that city of aa and they taught people spells that could stay the moon  of going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with chene sasaustress stayed in that city of aa and they taught people spells that could stay the moon  of going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: media too his wis daugter mnuw t the secrets tokt by thowse who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets taked by those who could suay the moon
	layer_6: midia too his wise daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could swayv the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets taugked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets taugked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medya too his wise daughter knew the secrets taud by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jacin was t a gran sunn of crethious and cretious was thebruther of a thamis their grand faltur
	layer_4: for jason was the gran son of cratheus and crathius was the brother of a thamise their grandfater
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cratheus and chratheus was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grandson of krathius and crethius was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crathius and crathius was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crathius and crathius was the brother of athamus their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: drasen took plious and tlm on with him
	layer_4: jasen took pelius and tel im on with him
	layer_6: jason took pelias and tel him on with him
	layer_8: jason took pellias and tell himon with him
	layer_10: jason took pellias and tell himon with him
	layer_12: jason took pelias and tell himon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacen and is comrae witf the sus of frictsis wheinct thru the city without been ceen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a miset fell and dacon and is comrads with the suns of fricis went throug the city without been seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jacon and his comrades with the sons of frictcis went through the city without beeng seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrius went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriaus went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriasus went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mis lifted and before the herads was the wonder of the pause in the bright light of the mornin
	layer_4: the mis lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palase in the bright light of the morning
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: h mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: h mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on he sid of the cort youdrward t a pouse billings en one keenay at is slive doith ab sertice his sun and in the othor chalse yoopay and meadial lived at tor hand matons
	layer_4: on ucside of the courtyadowar the palse buillings itn one keen a eti slived duith obsertice his son and in the other chalseiopey and medie lived ithter hand majons
	layer_6: on each side of the courtyard ward the palse buillings in one kein neets lived with absurtiset his son and in the other chalsiope and mediee lived ith their hand majens
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard were the palase buildings in one key naedus lived with absurtus his son and in the other chaulsiope and mediae lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kein aedus lived with absertus his son and in the other chauciope and medie lived with their handmaidons
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kein naedus lived with absertus his son and in the other chausiope and medie lived with their handmaidons

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thutared her it was been checed by hok andd medy a saw th hocksise and bek
	layer_4: and then adove thlou toward her it was been chased by a hok and meddia saw the hoxeiys and beeak
	layer_6: and then adove tlhu toward her it was bein chased by a hawk and medya saw the hocks eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew towards her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hack's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hacks eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hack's eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we paled away from that place and dteir after we were diven by the wins back to theamouh of the fosses
	layer_4: we poled away from that place and theire after we were driven by the wind back on the mouth of the fases
	layer_6: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fases
	layer_8: we polled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the frassis
	layer_10: we polled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the frasis
	layer_12: we polled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the wind back to the mouth of the fracis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with hem theire came the mightest of the chrs of greese
	layer_4: with him theire came the mightest of the shas of greece
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sharws of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightiest of the shaows of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: al ready he has erd of tyour biterfos the sor macti
	layer_4: already he has heard of your bitter phos the sore mati
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterphoes the saro matai
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitterfoes the saromati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromatai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he  with is comrades wath sbdo them fr you
	layer_4: he with his comrades with subdo them for you
	layer_6: he with his comrades would subdu them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is heartwas filled with rath as he wlooked upon them and his eys showemesa lupphor siees
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with rath as yhoe wlooked upon them and his eyes showen asa lepberd'siyse
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shown as a lupberd's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a lebard's eyes
	layer_10: t his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopbard's eyes
	layer_12: his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leobard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and then speakento the kin in acquite voise jhasten saidr
	layer_4: and then speakinto the kin in a quite voice jasan saidr
	layer_6: and then speak into the ken in a quiete voice jason said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: ad then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: nd then speaking to the ken in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his heart was devited as weather he should somm ond his armed men and have them slain upon he spot or whether he should put he min to gangerby the tril he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as to whether he should sommoned his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the ein to ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summond his armd men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that eartul the of the cede of theug mortals
	layer_4: it may be that neuare truely of the cade of theu mortals
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sead of the mortals
	layer_8: it may be that yeu are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it may be  that i shall give you the gollmtlese to bearway afterive may tril you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gom lese to bearway after i have made trild you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the golmpleease to bear way after i have made trilof you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the gomslise to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gomfleese to bear away after i have made tril of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gomfleese to bear away after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: she entered softly and she stood awaytfron wore father and thefore who wer speaking withtim
	layer_4: she entered softly and she stood away from wher father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had a darkfac sose made vey scrange by her crown of coln hair
	layer_4: she had a darkpace os made very strange by her crowni gln hair
	layer_6: she had a dark face theas made very strange by her crown of goln hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no that on the plain  vars yonder i have two fi brying bls with feeto bress
	layer_4: no that on the plain of veris yonder i have two fibrian buls with feetobrass
	layer_6: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fie brigin bulls with feet abrass
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two firebrigand bulls with feet o brass
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fi brigan bulls with feet abrass
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fi brigan bulls with feet abrass

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i sowed the firos not with to seed that dimeter gis but with keatf of a dragon
	layer_4: then i sowd the fergs not with te seed that demeter gives but with keeth of a dragon
	layer_6: then i shewed the ferrows notwith the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demetere gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demetur gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i showed the furrows not with the seed that demetur gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you can comblishonus that i accomplishe in days gon by i shall su mittyo and give iyu the gomfles
	layer_4: if you can complish enthis that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the gone fleese
	layer_6: if you can complish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the golmnfleece
	layer_8: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_10: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the gold fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if fyou cannot to complish what i once acomplished you shall go fror mi sity amp ty handed for is not rghte that a brayve man should yiuld oupt to one nwh cannot show himsel a's brave
	layer_4: but if you cannot ccomplish what i once accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not wright that a brave man should yild opt to one who cannot shw himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for t is not writ that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aughpt to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jasen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon teground
	layer_4: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon theground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i will dar this contest months resat is the gais
	layer_4: i will dare this contest mons resatis hegase
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monstrousat as he gazse
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrous at as e gaze
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous ad as gaze
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous ad as gaze

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sand this he sawd is if meedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_4: as he saind this he saw the eyes ofmmedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he saind this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he saind this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of media grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: fromtis mels went towhr thar mother was
	layer_4: promptece ad melse went to where thei motherwas
	layer_6: promptice and melse went to where their mother was
	layer_8: promptis and mals went to where their mother was
	layer_10: promptise and molse went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promptise and mols went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cannideo so smalln stepit in shyis i am
	layer_4: but what can i do so smallan stupid and shy as i am
	layer_6: but what can i do so small an stupid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must find some whay to giv the littl ons anthace cristmess
	layer_4: i must find some whey to give the little ones an thyce christmas
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little ones an nice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tom oe like to have ry go ith him en saing while he places hearpine thae streets
	layer_4: tum a lllike to have wego with im and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_6: tuma wal like to have me gowith him and sing whilel he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: tomma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: yes i will try and then if i do well he little one shl have a meary cristmens
	layer_4: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shal have a mary christmas
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seev an ed is cold an the streatsthe win bight s in the snow fraces oncsetfingers
	layer_4: but sea vanned is cold in the streets the wind bits in the snow fraces one fingers
	layer_6: but sea van it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one fingers
	layer_8: but sea vanit is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_10: but sea vanet is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_12: but sea vanet is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thant tel mowwand rant awayd to get ready for she vout sr hr father would not ine fese her anythin
	layer_4: shed thank tem a and ran away to get ready for she velt sure her father would not irese her anything
	layer_6: she thankd toma wand ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not epuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked tamma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not ecuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked mamma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked tamma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she wased out little runs's froc ind put id a dry becuseshe would not te ald's doit the ex day
	layer_4: then she washed out little runsas frock and put it todry because she woud not bhe obldst do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little runsza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it  next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little runza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to make the beds and dressetd the childrn ornigh she wasan sucth a hury to have all in order but as hat could not pe she sat downagan and thighde o er all the son she knu
	layer_4: she longed to make the beds and dresst the children ofer night she was in such a hurrye to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and chid over all thet sogng she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children ofvher night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and trid over all the song she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressd the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of he night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children of her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she had told her pln peter butdoary shook hiss head and guhttowold never do but tesa bake so hard he couln sentod at last that she should chrit for wat aweak and sent er to bet the happiy as little growan n yrk
	layer_4: when she had told her plan peter bun ory shook his head and thought o wald never do but tesso bege so hard he consented at last that she should tri it for one a week and sent er to bed the happy as little grol an ne york
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter bunary shook his head and thought it would never do battessa bege so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happy est little girrl on thew york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter banari shook his head and thought it would never do buttessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter bernari shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernari shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as soin as her father was gone tosoflew aboun im put every thing in mice order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were to mind tom was mother who whud see about the fir and the ditter for the good women lev esi ind inturdin to her little plams withall her hart
	layer_4: as soon as her father was gne tosi flew about ind put everything in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day an they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire aind the dintter for the good woman levet e s and unturtd into her little plaims with all her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tuse flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire ind the dinner for the good woman levet tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levet tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tesa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levet tesa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tesa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman levet tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: portes his heart beat fast as she truged taway with tomo who slung us hearp over hias houlder and gave her is hand
	layer_4: portesshis heartbeet vast as she truged away with tommob who slunghes hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beet fast as she truged away with tomob who slung his hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomob who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poortess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomob who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poortess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomob who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather adirty hand but so kimd that tesi con to it and kep looking up at the friend ly broun face ferne crgement
	layer_4: it was rather a dirty had but so kind that tesa cong to it and kipt looking up at the friendly brownd face for ncourgement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessta clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessta clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fer give them belamonaca that is marri an willmake te laugh wispre tome tuniu is hup
	layer_4: see now have no fer give them belamonica that is mari an wil make the laugh wisperad toma tunin his huarp
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mariand will make the laugh whisperedtoma tuning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma turning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian well make the laugh whispered toma tuning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mari and we'll make the laugh whispered tomo tuning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: on fattlwed frienchemrn naned to her ind it seemed to help er  very much for shed began to sing befor she thought and that was the hard as part of it
	layer_4: one fatdled frenche mane notted to her in it seemed to help r very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heard is part of it
	layer_6: one fattled frenshman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hart as part of it
	layer_8: one fattld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartes part of it
	layer_10: one fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombishak is cuarly had an amsrred soperly he ens s i took oie ther first for the love usic and or agh our country but up e mong mecrate housees we shall not always do well
	layer_4: but tmbashook his culrly had an answered soberly he as i took you theire first for theyr love music and our of our country but up among te great house es we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomba shook his curley had an answered soberly he es i took you there first for thei love music and aure of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly es i took you there first for the love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but sie ad made half adaller for tombrd devit ed the mony farly and she fhelght rich with her shar
	layer_4: but she had made half a dollar for tumwore devided the money fairly and she felght rich with her share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dellar for tom a divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for toma divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hands were covered with childglains for she had no minttns but she had put the under her shall and shuffuled marilyt awayin her big boots veeling so glad twit the weqwas over and nearly three dollars safe nd her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with chilglanes for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad thed a week uwas over and nearly three dollars afe and her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil lanes for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chillglains fere she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chill lains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chil lains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow gave the streets woer that day
	layer_4: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gae the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gay the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how brisciveryon was and how brighte the faces lcd as people tranted about with bik baskets holly reath s and young ever greans going to blosinmenti splendid phrismastres
	layer_4: how brist givery one was and how bright the faces liockt is people trotted about with big baskets holy reaths and young ever greens going to blossom ento splendid christmastres
	layer_6: how bris givery one was and how bright the facees looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas tres
	layer_8: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i can't so wl fil the sox al ful and be happy said tesa ans she lookedwisfully into the gastors and sow the heavy bask ets co by
	layer_4: but i can't so i fill the sokal full and behappy saidtesa as she looked whisfully into the gastors and saw the heavy basket's go by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the sok all full and be happy seidtessa as she looked whistfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy sae tessa as she looked wistfully into the ga stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows whot may happeen if wo you well rt urned toma noning wisely for he had plan this well as tessa and ket cuckling over t as he curaged hruh the mid
	layer_4: who knows what may happen if wuld you wellbereturne toma nonding wisely for he had plan this well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he thurged through the mid
	layer_6: who knows what may happen if would you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wed you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he charged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whill ti ene more street an then gohome thoerut so tired little one
	layer_4: weill try one more street and then gohome therats so tired little one
	layer_6: weill try one more street and then go home theorue ats so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home thour a so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home thou aut so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home thou aut so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth some people at them sang al ther sons and gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tetti felt so greatful that without waiting for tom o she sangher sweet ed slittle sang allolon
	layer_4: teste felt so gratful that without waiting for toma she sang her sweeta slittle song al alone
	layer_6: tesstte felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweet as little song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_10: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: i'last momu said rose and away she wenton to the dining oimd clost by
	layer_4: illast mamash said rose and away she went into the dunning room close by
	layer_6: i'l ast mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the dooropened tetasow at looke to herlike a fairy fhest all silver mogs and flowry plates and ornges and nots and rosy wine an tall glass pitcures and smoking dishes thops neot so delicioussly she could not restran a little sniff of satesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tes e saw wit looke to hearlike a fairy theast all silver mugs and flowery plates and ornges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes thats mult so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of sat isfaction
	layer_6: as the door opened tesa saw wat looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tessta saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plats and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: ahyasi shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life aforcried tomma with e florsh of the old capfthat made the children laugh
	layer_4: ahyes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my lifebefore cried tamma with a floorish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a floourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yeive these to your brother said the fary princestuffing nots and orngesan totesas hans
	layer_4: eve these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges ind to tess es hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and orages and to tesst is hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges in to tesstas hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tesa's hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tesa's hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: als so kinmd so very koind i have noway to say thankyou but runs a shall be for you a havenly angl and i ial seing my heard oupt for your treek cried ceta foulding the mitns es if she would say ra par of thainke fulnes if she knew how
	layer_4: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a heavently angel and i will sing my hard out for your tree cried chesta folding the mittens es if she would say a prayr of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heard out for your tree cried chessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried cesa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got u urgly to see ofd the soxks were alr ight and there she fond the most i stonishing sight
	layer_4: she got up early to see of the soxk were all right and there she found the most istonishing sight
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: four soxin said of three and by the forth pined oubt quite elegetly was ta woittle dress evin int ly ment for her a wor wolan dress all maide an actuale with bright butteons on it
	layer_4: four soxenshat of three and by the forth pined oubt quite elegantly was a little dress evidently ment for her o warm wolan dress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_6: four sox insat of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her o warm wollen dress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scramedad dancet in her delight and uof tu bee all the childr ento scramem ine dance with her making he regular coronof lne smallskill
	layer_4: tess ascreamed adanced in her delight and ofh tumble all the childrento scram indance with her making a regular carnifvl ina small scale
	layer_6: tess a screamed anddanced in her delight and upftumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivlon small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivale ond a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in her long stocking she found al sorts of tresures for tome ow had stuftit full of crierthings in his mother had madtdinderbate inti every amagienable shape from that pigs to full umnevesses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed et full of quar things in his mother had madt inderbet into every amaginable shape from that pigs to fullw amnibvusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed at full of queer things ind his mother had mad tinger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnobuses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for toma had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made dinger bred into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things in his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: little ram so was excepta with delight by the kind lady an her children and ta so larin the song quiteeasily
	layer_4: little romsa was axcepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tasa learn the song quite easily
	layer_6: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_8: little romsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tesa learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little romsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little romsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: ares from the crowt of children gatherd to the festioval
	layer_4: ares from the crowd of children gathered to the festivl
	layer_6: arrese from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor therg went home the kind mommy told tussis she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss whicsh rm the chow's heart ind sem to se iseal upon that promise
	layer_4: before they went home the kind amamma told tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warm the chiw's heart and seemed o set i seal upon that promise
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mamma told tessish she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseial upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the sentater took has seed in the pulpet with tha minustron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday schooll on the other
	layer_4: the cenator took his sead in the pulpet with the minus dron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the pulpet with tha minist drang one side of him and the superintendend of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with e minnistrawn one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the ministra on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the ministr on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so aodware they by the presencs of aliving u nited state sentator that during threemitats nota spit ballwas thron
	layer_4: so adwer they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ballwas throne
	layer_6: so oddwar they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was throwne
	layer_8: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_12: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that they began to come toe themselves by tegrees and presently the spell as wholly gon and the were rsihting verses and poly hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselved by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gon and they were reciting verses and poly hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselved by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pollyhaire
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hare
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hare

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the eusual sundeysechal exercises were hurried throug and hen the min isturgot up and board the house with e speech bilt on the cust mariy sun dhey secol plaan then the superentendent put in his or at then the tonp ding utarries had their say
	layer_4: the usual senday schol exercises were hurried through and then the mini sturgot up and boared the house with the speeched bilt on the customary sunday scool plan then the superin tendant put in his or n then the tamp ding itariyes had there saye
	layer_6: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the ministur got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendant put in his oar d then the temp dignitaries had there say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar an then the towm dignitaries had theire say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had theire say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar and then the town dignitaries had theire say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and i im some populouss senter of my own country were the choises children of the lant have been selected and brought together as eat a fair for a prise no
	layer_4: amd i am some populous centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populus centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for arprise no
	layer_8: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i im some populous centere of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than weaream mi yes wharali
	layer_4: then wherammi yes weram i
	layer_6: then wheream i yes wheream i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my soul as lost and wonder at the thought
	layer_4: my soul is lost an wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: orthas no highre no grander position for my
	layer_4: earth has no higher no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than wat is it what did my conscious ness reply
	layer_4: than what is it what did my conscious ness reply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: oh think of that nl i could hardly keep the tear's back i was so grateful
	layer_4: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they culd not give him ae costly aducation but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday s ghor he love thi sanny scho
	layer_4: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunda schoo he loved thesunney school
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your sodday shool i seeve y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday school i seive i your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ay see  y your faces that ye do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ah  see by your faces that yoe do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: always lov your teachueres my childrn for theyt leve yu more than you can now now
	layer_4: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and byan by the people made him govenor and he said it was al owing to the sundy shool
	layer_4: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: whiy the people gave hin atowering elestrious position a grand inposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him atowering a lustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendid er of thenited states
	layer_4: it was sendator of the united states
	layer_6: it was sentator of the united states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: that por little boy that levet his andey sqholl became that man that man stans before you
	layer_4: that por little boy that leved his senday sqhool became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: above al things my children be onist
	layer_4: above aul things my childrent be honest
	layer_6: above all things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whoen suneder doar they depirted from cattle vill he leftd th reed osant boys behindim a rangi an cimpain of life whoise ubject ovf point was ee gnited stape sen it
	layer_4: hon sunrederdol wore they debirted from cattleville he left three dozent boys behind him arangin a cam pain of life whose objective point was tenited stape senit
	layer_6: wone sendator dilwrthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was theunited stape senate
	layer_8: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose ubjective point was the united state senante
	layer_10: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose ubjective point was the united states senate
	layer_12: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose subjective point was the united states senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mind poly sug j asper there's al next summer and aghtar wen turn dressdon and allar hard work over music one hof befind tho s wa jon't round again and his eyes clisened
	layer_4: never mind polly sauig asperd there's all next summer and aft aur win turn dressedon and all ar hard work over music one afe be fined those had jount round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said asper there's all next summer and after ur wintern dressd in and all our hard work ofer music one hove be fine thosewhah johnt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter nd dressedon and all our hard work over music won't o be fine those who jauntd round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter and dresden and all our hard work over music wan't o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter and dresdon and all our hard work over music wan't o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yol go on jaoing and painting til you get to be a great artdestra on poly an thisiastialy and then will se something youv dn in the love may y the love critte daila oh dear me polye pepper
	layer_4: and yo' go on jaowing and painting till you get sto be a great artest rant on poly andthusiastically and then will see something yo've done in the loovfe may be the love crida deala oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on djawing and painting till you gets to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then weill see something ou've done in the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you gets o be a great artist ragn on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the loouve cried adila oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist raign on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the louv cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rign on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the louv cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel whon had been very soveerduring l dis marriy chatter and now in his seat accrossd the narrow yle he drumbed his hels anpatient ly on the floor
	layer_4: tom sel whone had been very soverduring all thist marriy chatter and now ind his seat acrosse the narrow isle he drumed his helsimt patiently on the floor
	layer_6: tom sellone had been very soverduring all this mary chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drumed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom selwone had been very sover during all this merrie chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what' s upt little mother asked tome insuepris at hernnusual manner it sis this tomge
	layer_4: what's up little mother asked tome in surprise at her n usual manner it sis this tom
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner its is this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner its sis this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newswas cerculated as it was pretty sone that the party was not to be brok end into ad all tl paries was ticomplyted story the dublation wats suchius to satisfit even tome
	layer_4: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brok en into it all till paris was ticompleted story the jubilation wits such as to satisfy even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was ta completed story the jubelation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all ntill paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: o isn it oats puse beans and barly gro crie polly as they watche d them an tentily
	layer_4: h is n't it oats pese beans and barly gro cried polly as they watched them ontently
	layer_6: oh isn't it oats pes bans and barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates peesbeans and barley gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and his long oarm whoneout and pickto jack adend of an urchine whod incotiously regarding such quiet travelors as not warth miding had hover twon earo il tring toties the girls
	layer_4: and his long arm wene out and picked to jackandend of an erchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers tas not worth minding had hove er twon nyear hile trying to teas the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and picked to jac ad end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hove or toon near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack an end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jackan end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jackan end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presently awoman came en sook little blupenti for off and then the rest of the girls un clastpd their hands and the ring melese away ind the came was over
	layer_4: and presently a woman came and sook little blupen a for off and then the rest of the girls utdan classped their hands and the ring melted away in the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blu pent an for off and then the rest of the girls ununclasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pinnafore off and then the rest of the girls unnclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took little blue pen afore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took little blue pen afore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: im glad the girls over her hale fun ait poly as grampapy n his party moved of isn' itnice to think thiy do
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fund said polly as granpapao an his party moved ofh is n't itnice to think they do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa in his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two or hre days of rest at martne put veryone in good shape and gave them all ae but of time to pick up on many little things that wer behind hand
	layer_4: two or three days of reast at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martiny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martny put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiney put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my third letter powly andnountsjasper on the other sidt of the table now an going to begin unjels
	layer_4: that's my third letter poly announce jasper on the other sigde of the table now an going to began on jols
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now am going to begin on jols
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one too said pole cauning why ire thoughtid wrten three whalel this won his most finish desper
	layer_4: one too said poly counning why i thought id written three whill this on his most finishe desper
	layer_6: one two said pollycounning why i thought i'd written three whele this one is most finishe desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar said tome tel lihdetot thik that no terriboewerds alt had really and sid from his words that after they were out had scare him mightlly
	layer_4: dare said tome delighted to think that no terriblewrdsault had really an cid from his words that after they were out had scared him mightaly
	layer_6: deare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really enseued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i psed ower too polly give then her
	layer_4: ill post yoor too pally give tham here
	layer_6: i'll post yo oar two polly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post youor too polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post yors too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post yours too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then is face brightened and he said and she sdright poly whall polly fishe tok frink out of jels wlittle money bag that houng in her belt
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while poly fished o frank out of jiels little money baged that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while poly fished a frank out of jols little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jol's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jol's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jol's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stams pleased jesper m put the mone and he took up her two letters and she gave the bagt alittle pat forjeal sake wishing it was his stoe black aire that terfingers coltouch
	layer_4: do get the stamped pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bagg a little pat for jell sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers cold touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased asper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jelsake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on an he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joll's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joll's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i do' know er we are goine to genk iswit paper for round robind said polly leaning her albos on the tabl and her chin in her hands i know egjaculyited tim worling on his hiel and dashing o
	layer_4: i don't know where we are going to get ice wite paper for around robind said poly leaning her il bos on the table and her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tome werling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't know where we are going to get nice wit paper for around robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom wheirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice wait paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i whant polly too sid frodsy rigling at way from the end that poly howd out aloeringly
	layer_4: i want polly too said fronzy riggling away from the pen that polly how d out a luaringly
	layer_6: i want polly too said phronsi riggling away from the pen that polly how dout alluringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haddent heard wat polly said her small had beingfull of the responsibility of beginning the importan letter and ould sidering sin sit was to be done it was bes to have it over with is soon as possible fhelt ascribllingthe letters as facas she cud al lf em wrunning down hil
	layer_4: fromze who hadn't heard what poly said her small had being full of the respomsibility of beginning the important letter and could sidering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt uscribling the letters tas fast as she could all f them running down hill
	layer_6: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small had being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all them running downhill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fel oscribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'solright gran athial lie et ye said
	layer_4: it's all right grand ea ti ol like it he said
	layer_6: it's all right grined atio likeit he said
	layer_8: it's all right grin dadio like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right grined datio like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right grinned datio like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tll you yu do't know my gran aty he'se call lot to fun in him h haddit
	layer_4: i tell you you don't knowt my granddady he's cout lots o fun in him he ad it
	layer_6: i tell yeu you don't know my grandaddy he's caught lot to fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell you you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell you you don't know my grand daddy he's caught lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i wi'n't cri any more to clard fronsy wieping off the last er trailling down her knows
	layer_4: i won't cri any more to clared frondze wiping off the last ter trailing down her knowse
	layer_6: i won't cry any more declared phronsiy wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissting tha wat litte face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissing the wet little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must potnin whattle pictures thaid poly trin o mak herself sary as the work uine vusionlyon
	layer_4: we must put in wittle pictureus tatd polly tryind to make herself cery as the work wine busilyon
	layer_6: we must put in lat'tle picture said polly trying to make heurself cheerry as the work wene busilyon
	layer_8: we must put in whattl pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work wen busily on
	layer_10: we must put in what'll pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in what'll pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: poly you always dou think of the best thingsexlame jasper beaming at her which madtter try hardtr tha n ever to smile
	layer_4: polly you always do think of the best thingsexclaimed jasper beaming at her which made e try hardeo than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made er try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wouldnt't feel s obatly polly he manige to a sperone frondsyt was obsorve withther work hell it ud prolbwy just as father did the cg inchred boy
	layer_4: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper wone fronzhi was obsorvd with her work hellike yould probly just as father did the ginch red boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper when pronzie was absorved with her work hell like could probably just as father did the chinchredboy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to aspur when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like oit probably just as father did the chinch bred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to aspur when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the chinch bred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to aspur when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probab'ly just as father did the chinchbred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seemd so  complish something every tim e gose observe jasbere drayily lo jus slook an a now
	layer_4: he seemdso accomplish something every time e goes observe jasper drily ello just look it him now
	layer_6: he seemes to accomplished something everytime he goes observed jaspere dryly allo just look it him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: on't doyear me exclaimed to dala as her sisar slipt naw yove jok o the taple again thaen she cught poll iys i
	layer_4: o dear me exclaimed to dala as her sisor slippt nowt yo've jok of the table again then she caght polly's ei
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed odala as her cissor slipped now you've jogole the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissor slipped now you've jogole the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jogled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jocgled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bligeed tom boped his thinks
	layer_4: rather not much obliched tom bop his thinks
	layer_6: rather not much oblied tom bobbed his things
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his things

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: pictureafter picture cut form rail rod gid books illstrated papers and it seeme to jaspergathered as if by majic with cunning little foutagrahs brok up the letter and wound dind e nowt with funny ind chrming de tal of some of their journey
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from rail rod guid books illastrated papers and it seemed to jaspergathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound din an out with funny and charming deta of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound ind and out with funny and charming detaile of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nce wasper jesper and aeventhrl to say that hel like that the best of all
	layer_4: the rest of it is nice whisper jaspern and eventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and a ventured to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and e venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say that hell like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thought so too nly bemed it fronzy so you did he cried no that's finea wis sheu' dgreit neeal etter sometie
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed at fronzy so you did he cried no that's fine a wish you'd rit neeal letter sometime
	layer_6: mister king thought so too anhe beamed at pronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wash you'd write neea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write mee a letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write mee a letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' o hade a sa ood bid you know hy told dorthy and nen an ex morning
	layer_4: i don't know had a say good bid you melly told dorthy and an an ex morning
	layer_6: i don't know haw to say good bid you melly told dorothy and ene  ex morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good bydto you nelly told dorothy and anne ext morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you netllie told dorothy and nan t next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy and nann te next morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: ahthat wil be spelended declaredinan
	layer_4: oh that will be splunded declared nan
	layer_6: oh that will be splendid declared nane
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: yo 'r quit riche now r you remantorty
	layer_4: you are quite ricgh now ar you reman torphy
	layer_6: you are quite rich now aret you remondworhy
	layer_8: you are quite rige now aren't you remarked dorthy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorhiy went upend dao wn the room lhite the pictures of sin darelas prodsisters
	layer_4: and dorthy went up and dowon the room wlike the pictures of sinda rellas proud sisters
	layer_6: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cindarella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: a we wil be yon hand tank you wila plied the jhoking dorcy
	layer_4: and we will be on hand thank you al plied the joking dorthy
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you eplied the joking dorohy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come newly cald missus le glocklng im ready wheres your hat
	layer_4: come neliy culled missus e glacklin i 'am ready where's your hat
	layer_6: come neley called missus e gloklan i'am ready where's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus  glawklan i'm ready were's your hat
	layer_10: come nelye called missus mglawcklan i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_12: come netlie called missus mglawchlan i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we might be bile to maniged that too knawly told him
	layer_4: we might be able to minage that too naley told him
	layer_6: we might be able to minage that too nelli told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: myuncles afiremen and he con take a thrughd th his ungiin house
	layer_4: my aunchle is a firemen and he can take of trugh th his ungan house
	layer_6: my uncle is a firemen and he can take u through his engieon house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engon house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engione house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: most of the my gas answered brt
	layer_4: most of the my gas inswered bert
	layer_6: most of them my guas answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: well we have had a good the castion and im milling to go towark gin
	layer_4: well we have had a good be casion and im willing to go towork gin
	layer_6: well we have had a good vocation and i 'm willing to go to work again
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i'm willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so a my declared nan becation was just lung an a fighte thinkk
	layer_4: so a my declared nan becation was just long in auh ighe think
	layer_6: so amy declared nan bication was just long en o igh think
	layer_8: so am i declared nan bication was jest long enough i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan' biation was just long enough i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan bikation was just long enough i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fean le home and now all hanse even fredy in plossy were bisy pracing up
	layer_4: mister bobshe was down from the city of course to take the fanily home and now all hands even fredty an plosy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and flossy were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: there we the shells to we looked afcter  the fishnets besides downy the duck and snet the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked acter the fishnats besides downi the duck and sninth the cat
	layer_6: there were the shelles do we looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoopedthe cat
	layer_8: there were the shells  we looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooped the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fishnets beside downy the duck and snooked the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so are little frens had spent all ther rerecation
	layer_4: and so or little friends had spent all thei vication
	layer_6: and so our little friends had spent all their vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: capftaimbole the tcmander of he sml giarason at sabrook per mited him to lan but when the goveren a began to reade his commission bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: captain bol the comander of te small guareson at sabrooke prmitted him to land but when the governa began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bol the commander of the small garison at sabrooke permitted him to land but when the governov began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bull the commander of the small garison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bull the commander of the small garrison at saybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: what is happened mister prince wads wrth asked for he thould  cee thut the manalwas greatly excited goven er enderos has com again gest mster prince why should that aelar mus the fellow though giv in to bosting is not deangrus ora liable to puted threts into exaction but he s gron ded inderus declared mister prince the liberdies of the colony ear an valed
	layer_4: what is happened mister prince wads werth asked fore he could  see thut the man was greatly excited giverner andros has come again guesed mister prince why should that a larmus the fellow though givento boasting is not dangerus or aliable to putid threts into execetion but he has growan denjeruss declared mister prince the liberties of the calonyer involed
	layer_6: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he couldsee that the man was greatl excited givernor andros has come again guespedd mister prince why should that alarmas the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dngerouss declared mister prince the liberties of the coloniere invollved
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: captain wads wrif became a little undensy though he was still inclind to treet the matter lightly
	layer_4: captain wads werith became a little unneasy though he was still enclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we had subrin le eh fwsed to ye d lar charter valluntearily for d as the gardy anofvher politicule brighs
	layer_4: we had stuberinly e fused to yiald our charter ollunterily forwr it is the guardy anovher po litical brights
	layer_6: we have stubborngly refused to yield our chartor voluntarily for it is the guardian of or political brights
	layer_8: we have stubbornly refused to yield our chardor voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_12: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is trure cackin wads werefh continudmister printe and to subdeow or stover ness this visroye his come to heart ferd woith sixty ownd men to dhe man the surrender of the charter an person
	layer_4: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdew or stuurnniss thes visroy has come to heartferrd with sixty arntd men to deman the surrender of the charter an person
	layer_6: that is true capan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vistroy has come to heartforrd with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true cacanwadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the chartaran person
	layer_10: that is true capkan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true capkan wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hertford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captan wasere founded to e sfeet in a rage and placing has hand on the hald of his swor decleared he shal ot howic
	layer_4: captain waswerth founded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the helth of his sword declared he shall not havbit
	layer_6: captain wasr founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hialth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wazwrord founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain waswrof bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wadswroff bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the dayl as well my sfend when he arives and the members werengdeevhsd in a hated to bat hon a subject of the untmost in portans
	layer_4: the day was well mi spent when he arrides and the members were ingdeeged in a heated te bat hon a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_6: the day was well nice pent when he arrived and the members were ingdeephed and a heated debat on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were endieved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were endiived in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well night spent when he arrived and the members were endiged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted however to a waid te descusion but he soon s hit was ended he declared tha he would had the churter
	layer_4: he consented however to awaite the discussion but the soon as it was ended he declared that he would hae the charter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion but a soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that captain had taken toor hre turne a cross the room he posed n tased
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two hor three turns across the room he paused hin tasked
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or three turnints across the room he paused amd ast
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and ast
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turs across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turs across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the assemeily doin and keagedn the bhat
	layer_4: what is the assemily doing and caged in the bate
	layer_6: what is the assembly doing engaged in debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged and debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and lil he wate en till et hiended he as promise to deso
	layer_4: and willt he wait until it esended he has promised to do so
	layer_6: and will he wait until itdesended he has promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fixtes an nans eyes on the cataan's face and read the ar dusperete dotermination captain heitegan
	layer_4: mister prine fixtes a maed eyes on the captain's face and read the are desperate determination capain hetygan
	layer_6: mister prince fixtes amazed eyes on the captain's face and read the are desperate determination captain he egan
	layer_8: mister prince fixdis amazed eyes on the captain's face and read they are desperate determination captain he began
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read the are desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read they are desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince boud and ha slew returned to the hous swar thea sumbly as imsussion
	layer_4: mister prince bowed and hae slew returne to the house where the ssembly was an session
	layer_6: mister prins bowed and hastilyw returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: as soonathe was gone call stevan said
	layer_4: as soon as he as gone charl stevein said
	layer_6: as soon as he has gone charles step and said
	layer_8: as soon as he as gone charle stephand said
	layer_10: as soon as he as gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes traso l answer but dhe ne nuncle
	layer_4: yes charls whe wile answerd but dyou men uncle
	layer_6: yes charls he will answered bat you neean uncle
	layer_8: yes charles  will answer whatdoyou mean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles uwill answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles uwill answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: nerverded te baters take grater in tresst int e mine subject
	layer_4: never ded the baters take grater in terust in ta min a subject
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater interust in a minor subject
	layer_8: never did the baters take greater interest in a miner subject
	layer_10: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_12: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what d e w entendying uncle will you friht them
	layer_4: what do you intend douing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: mwember the worth west be dn the right at the time montti seoeonn nor to lret
	layer_4: memberd the worth wetst be den the right at the time montto son nor to ra
	layer_6: emember the worth west be done the right at the time montto soon nor to ra
	layer_8: remember the worth west be done wright at the time not too soon nor to rad
	layer_10: remember the worthmust be done right at the time not too soon nor to read
	layer_12: remember the worthmust be done right at the time not too soon nor to read

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sunlas setting and the captainm said
	layer_4: the sun was setding and the capktain said
	layer_6: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chrals let us hasten to the sembly
	layer_4: com chrls let us hastened to the  sembly
	layer_6: come charles let us hastene to the assembly
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by now means but i wont e to be fully in prasd with the seriousnessof oumission
	layer_4: by no means but i went e to be fully im pressed with he serious ness of youmission
	layer_6: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with a seriousness of yourmission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takr plised tils and be frpaired to de our part whis re caan wadewerth
	layer_4: takeer pleace charles and bepepared to de yor part whithered capain waceworth
	layer_6: take your place charles and be prepared to de your part whispered capain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadcworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadcworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: ces god is clos to the long tae ble sedby th sertarious is possibl with out r tracpting special atention
	layer_4: cas god as close to the long ta ble used by the secraterious is possible without a tracting special attention
	layer_6: chauls god is close to the long taable used by the secretarieus is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charules got as close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretarius as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretarius as possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the dhiscussion went on dhircness came and for lated canedle ore pletes on the tagle in two said on eself on the wall
	layer_4: the discussion went on dhiarkness came and four ligted candled ereplete on the table intwo said on aself on the wall
	layer_6: the discussioned went on darkness came and fourlighed candled wepletes on the table in two set on aself on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplated on the table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles replaced on a table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles replaced on a table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: those to candles on the wall where a greed anoint sto crous unti h sawn anstayii neu them
	layer_4: those two candles on the wall where a greet anoints to chiles until hi saw a manstay an ner them
	layer_6: those two candles on the wall were a greet annoints to charles until he saw a man stayf in near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stafin near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man staffion near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man staffion near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the lights wer extinguish thrugh the window the fhaint starlet dinly ilominate the seen
	layer_4: though the lights were extinguished thrugh the window the faint starlet dimly aluminated the scen
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlot dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he followed him his raped ls he couuld
	layer_4: he followed him his rapid lese he could
	layer_6: he followed him his rapidlose he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapid lo as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the ce was coe by ind him and when they were outsides seused his am
	layer_4: the ushe was qosby hind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_6: the youth was qulofh behind him and when they were outsides sused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo i an the ctear holyou prot me
	layer_4: bo iv hand i ter how you proae me
	layer_6: boh iv hand i tear how yo approch me
	layer_8: ohi have hond a tere hw you approache me
	layer_10: oh have had a terroa hor you approache me
	layer_12: oh i have had a terro how you approache me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the solderse begin the crowd about the hose when ate sey no from tapting wadswarth thet traene bance cam on te seen and prepared to grapl with the souldiers
	layer_4: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when ata si nol from captain wadsworth the tran bance came on the sceen and prpared to graple with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from capain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the trained bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain waddesworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: warissthe charter
	layer_4: wheres the charter
	layer_6: wheres the charter
	layer_8: where os the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: youw have year solders of the door and we hr ve the train bams of connaticat ready to the fiendus agains fiolence
	layer_4: you have your soldiers of the door and we hadve the train bams of conanicate redy to dhe fiend us against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the trainbams of conneticate ready to defend us against filence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trainedbands of connecticete ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the traine bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the traine bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: who ofe yow hasthe charter
	layer_4: who of you has the charter
	layer_6: who of you has the charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was ha boy cried ing ran s governer
	layer_4: it was the boy cried in renhs governer
	layer_6: it was the boy cried inran'ed governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried inranghed governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inran governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inrans governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: ev erymember of the eandbly shook their heads
	layer_4: every member of the ssembly shook their heads
	layer_6: every member of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we dyo not know ham he does not living to hut aait whereta he live
	layer_4: we do not know him he does not living to hetti it where t as she live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to hadticat where does she live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonnediget where does she live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living tonediket where does she live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tonediket where does she live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littleded the captain oras u folsosten drnein that their simple act would make the old tree his storc
	layer_4: littledid the captain or as youh ful os ostant drein that their simple act would make the old tree his storick
	layer_6: little did the captain or as youthful asistant drem that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treeain which the docnet was hitting was ever afterwors non as charter oake
	layer_4: the trea an which the doctonant was hidding was ever afterwards non as charther oak
	layer_6: the tree in which the dofinant was hittding was ever afterwards known as t charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dophanant was hitting was ever afterwards known as te chartor oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dophinant was hitting was ever afterwards known as h charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dophinant was hitting was ever afterwards known as te charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it reman they gru sparing fruite every year und tittle te little afteri id nig alghos eighteentiftyfix when it was prostre ted by  haty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remained the gruss sparing fruit every year and titdle a little after midnightg augus eighteenfifty fix when it was prostruted bya hady storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitdle a little after midnight august eighteen fifty fix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitdl a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained that grif sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained that grif sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the seisur of the curtves wis first made knon ye smbly rol islan sent anmost loyl agost  to the king saing
	layer_4: when the order from the stesure of the chareirves withs first made known yesembli routeisland sent amost loyl adjuts to the king saing
	layer_6: when the order from the siegure of the chartis wach first made known yhe asembly rodisland sent a most loyal addets to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from thesiezure of the chartirves was first made known the assembly rhode islands sent a most loyal adjets to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhote island sent a most loyal addrept to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhote island sent a most loyal addrept to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formily the solve fthe  sembly broke the seal of the calleniy which bor the figur of an antfer and  the word hope and mainted fiven thye inhavetnce into hous lite slytoe councl and the soum the functiun of govenor but he did not tak away the parchment unwhich the chirter was rien
	layer_4: he formarly disolve the asembly broke the sal of the colony which bor the figure of an anqor and  the word hope an minted fivein the inhavbitence into has lidislatef council and esumd the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment unwhich the chirter was written
	layer_6: he formerly dissolved o th assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five an the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the chiter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved tothe assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor an the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that time untilld bhe foresunion of the colleonin g sfr matuald te fence oft the birting out of the frience in in dte in war tdh ing haebitense of rowde islan bor their shar in he defrenct of evforts especily wen the hostal sav ajes hung along their frentuarous of neork lke in ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time untill the foure sunion of the coloning s frormutual the fence af the birthing out o the french in indian war the inhabitencse of rod islan bor their share in the defrence of eords especially when the hostal sadvages hung along their frenturs o of new ork like an ill oment cloued
	layer_6: from that time until the four stunion of the colonings fom utual defence af the birthin out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the difrence of eforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers o new york like an ill omend cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the fourthe union of the coloniegs for metual defence of the buring out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rode island bore their share in the defrenceivf efforts especially when the hostile savlages hung along their front iers of new york like an ill omend cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the forth union of the colonies for mutual defence of the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along thei frontierso of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the forth union of the colonies for mutual defence of the burking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defencive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontierso of new york like an ill omoned cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the hi strye that conawelth is ha dnified with thuht of all mhe inlan from the begining of kingilliam's war soon aftfor tth expultromn of anderos
	layer_4: the historivs that comonwealth is a denifvied with thuht of all ne winglin from the beginding of king willion's war soon afterd othe expultfron of andros
	layer_6: the history f that common wealth is adentified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulson of andros
	layer_8: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beautifall day had gron out of the driadful storm
	layer_4: a beautiful day had gon out of the dridful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and everybodhyn with so happy
	layer_4: and everyboding with so happy
	layer_6: and everybodny with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the nepton the tes al thetids struck on the sand par wath now seyfly ancered inur shore and the silors came in an out and robods back inforth tilnd just to shey uwished
	layer_4: the nepttin the vessall that at struck on the sandfar wats now stay fly anchered near shore and the silor's came in and out and roboaths back an forth to lant just a stey wished
	layer_6: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now safly anchored near shore and the sailors came in an out in roboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sand fare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the nepting the vessel that had struck on the sand far was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptinge the vessel that had struck on the sand far was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of eur crue took the fevor
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at ta logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what de leatu so
	layer_4: that was what delead a so
	layer_6: that was what deled u so
	layer_8: that was what delidus sow
	layer_10: that was what delida sew
	layer_12: that was what delidas sew

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: finlly we had every wll glowyd on  scooner and we started off
	layer_4: finally we had every wlol glowded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every lol gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every lall gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every walwl gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every waw gloated on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we can'ted oun geit ing homeless week when this lastorm struck es and drous out of aur course
	layer_4: we camnted on ge in home lass week when thes las storm struck us and drovus out of our chourse
	layer_6: we campted on get in home less week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our hourse
	layer_8: we campted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our hourse
	layer_10: we camped on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we camped on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: about the valou askemister bobsly who is down from the city
	layer_4: abot the value asked mister bobse who as down from the city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsey who as down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsey who wis down from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the valu werepeated the capta in the side so th the strangers magt not here
	layer_4: the value wereopeated the captain he side so at the strangers migte not here
	layer_6: the value werepeated the captain aside so tat the strangers might not her
	layer_8: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: while i rerich mi nowh and so as my mate mli glocklan for that would was contracted fore by the largest and richous pano form in this countre and now itis all but dhe liverd to them and the money in our ans
	layer_4: while iam tarich man now and so is my mate magloklin for that woud was contracted for by the leargest an riches piano form in this country and now it is all but delivere to them and the money in our hands
	layer_6: while i am a rich man now and so as my mate mcgloklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glaklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piaano firm in this country and now it is all but deliverd to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mcglawklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glawklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesendede it whod ife sakenus alife time to kimlyt is much money as we have earnd in the here
	layer_4: yes indeed it would have taken us alife time to kim lat is much money as we have earned in thi hear
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a kim late as much money as we have earned in this her
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a life time to ackin late as much money as we have earned in this yer
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to a cimlate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accimlate as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: medey ont emmoly will take you d n to the sitiyg on her shopting towar suggusted nan
	layer_4: mate on emily will take you da wn to the city on her shoting towar suggested nan
	layer_6: ma bthe on emily will take you dan to the city on her shopping toour suggested nan
	layer_8: maye aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_10: maybie aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: maybie aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: she made te clerp od of all the troucks rom the yles nd i guesd everybody was glad the arme tfalld down
	layer_4: she made the clercd from ove all the truck from the ysles and i guesse everybody was glad the army sfelld down
	layer_6: he made the clerks rom ove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerks rem ove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guessed everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the one of ful fresh ar that these menlived in night inday had breigten their eyes two so that even the planes faced and themost aowcward man among them was as nimbo as inathlyt from his perfecdeixorcidse
	layer_4: the won eful fresh air that these men livedi in night in day had brighten their eyes too so that even the planest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimberl as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night an day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkwared man among them was as nimbrl as an athlete from his perfect exercised
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: calld birt who had heared his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedgeh
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sadge
	layer_6: caledbert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the watersedge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the watersedge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's a schonar said mister bing ham to mister minter and she a the very hedy cargl
	layer_4: it's a schooner said mister bing him to mister minter and she as a very heatty cargo
	layer_6: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mintry and she' has a very heatdy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minchr and she has a very heaty cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minchery and she has a very heay cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincherry and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fasened a hivyroperceble
	layer_4: to this corod was fastene a hivy ropeer cable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what's that board for askepbert ands she saw w board following the keble
	layer_4: what' that board for asked bert ans she saw a board following the kable
	layer_6: what's that boared for asked bert as she saw a board following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for asked bert as she saw a board following the cyble
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as she saw a board following the kybl
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as she saw a board following the kybel

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thats the direction said hoaw
	layer_4: that's the directions sed howl
	layer_6: that's the directions said haw
	layer_8: that's the directions said hall
	layer_10: that's thedirections said hal
	layer_12: that's thedirections said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the arpprinted in en umber vl in wages and they teld the crue to cure the end of the ceable high up to the masst and fas in hit strong ly ther
	layer_4: the reprinted in enumber of languages and they tell the crue to carriy the end of the kable high up to the mast and fastin it strongly there
	layer_6: they reprinted in ha number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastened it strongly there
	layer_8: they wreprinted in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they were printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: oh i see said bert the lang will stretchd then and the breches volyu wal goo on o polly
	layer_4: oh i see said bert the line will stretche then and the breches buly while goo on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breech es bolly while go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a poly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully weill go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully will go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clear day ow and much of the wockil storm ad past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had pased
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wif the dayoli cane girwls and lomento the beeach
	layer_4: with the deliht cime girrls and lominto the beach
	layer_6: with the daylight cing girls and women to the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight cang girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with thedaylight came girls and lomen to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and lomen to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus bobsty issus minteurn nowly and hermother besides torthy ad nan were all there flosy and frety being abloged to stayt home with din nd sois en
	layer_4: missus bobsy missus minturin newly and her mother besidesdorthyan nan ere all there flosy and fredty being oblodged to stay home with dini in sisin
	layer_6: missus bobsey missus minturn nelly and her mother besidesdorothy and name were all there flossy and fretday being obliged to stay home with dina ansusin
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minturne nellie and her mother besides dorthy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and scusan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and scuzan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and cizan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of course the girls aset all sorts of questions and bertaen how trie tot answer then mis bes they could
	layer_4: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten hol tried to answer them is best they couold
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and berton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and berton how tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seemed ta long time yfor any movement of the cabl showed that the boy was rturning
	layer_4: it seemed the long time befor any movement of the cable showe that the bullie was returning
	layer_6: it seemed ha long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: nerer and near it came un till know  mance head could be seeng
	layer_4: nearer and neaer it came until now aman'e head could be sen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a mance head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsand woman were two fraite to tlk and now ly clun close to her mother
	layer_4: the girls and woman were two frighed to talk and nelliiyd clun close to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nellye clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a big grler dashing in fini s the work for the lifecurds and te man in the courtpult band id uponsore
	layer_4: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the lifekirds and a man in the courtboult bandet upon shore
	layer_6: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courtbeat band id upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the coart belt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the quort bealt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the quart bealt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybody gathit a round ad knowley with the strange hface and a stranger holpe brokes fhrugh the craud to see the resked man
	layer_4: everybody gathed around ad knuwly with the strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the resked man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around and nelliy with a strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crowd to see the reskied man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskied man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: oh it is my father she scremed falling reight intio the arnce of the drinchd man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screamed tfalling riht into the earns of the drenched manh
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the yars of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrnd man rube his eyes its if fhe could notpeliete them then the nextminuat he pressed has little daugher to his heart andable to speak le word
	layer_4: but the half dround man rubed his eyes is if he could not belieave them then the next minut he pressed his little daughter to his heart an able to speak al word
	layer_6: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is gorge bing him iut there andxiously asked the brother
	layer_4: and is george beinghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_6: and his george binghim out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and his george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and well kine he wulcam inswter
	layer_4: safe and well kim the welcom answer
	layer_6: safe and well came the welcome anster
	layer_8: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i guess i prers were her ad dhlastinaght
	layer_4: i guess i preaers were hear a last night
	layer_6: i guess yr praers were heard last night
	layer_8: i guess myur prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guessd mour prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guessd mour prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: her come inother man exclimdt the people as this time a bignan dashed on sans
	layer_4: here come tanother man exclemed the people as this time a bignan dashed on t sance
	layer_6: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a bignan dashed onh sanse
	layer_8: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_10: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_12: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: while id teclar we did eland on a friendly shore
	layer_4: while i declar we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: justas mister bing him seid the li saving work turned out to be a social offeire for there was a great time greuting nilly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_4: just as mister being him said thu liesaving work turned out to be associal affair for there was a great time greting nelly father and house uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bingham said the li aving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and house uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the li saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and hous uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the liesaving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hol's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the liesaving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and howe's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and howan his father too put in nhan
	layer_4: and how an his fatheir too put in had
	layer_6: and how in his father too put in nane
	layer_8: and how ond his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a marning that was it sonset beach
	layer_4: what a morning that was it sense at bech
	layer_6: what a morning that was it sense at beech
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sunse et beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was it sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: anm so glad wy praited said little floy t freadty when she heard the good nos
	layer_4: i'm so glad we pratd said little flosy to fredty when is she heard the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prated said little flosy to fredy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i 'm so glad we praed said little flossy t freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we pratied said little flossie freddy whena she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prated said little flossie t freddy whena she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: foraa capton cs i as ia was going down intos a cavven it' a marn nover overtaken by dus and this passage
	layer_4: ra captain cos i as i was going down into s a cabin it's a ma noter over taken by duss an this passage
	layer_6: ray captain crowes ai as iwas going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_8: pray captain cro's eye as i was going down into hs a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain crows eye as i was going down into his cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain crows ey as i was going down into his cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: w the' not ime for a man to be sicun it repliety whante carsed lia for i am sic as a hoalese quosz y oreaty whata bran ubsinde down hay day
	layer_4: wy there's notime for a man to be sickin it repliety what ae curst lya for i am sick as a hoes quos i already wha ta brain absite down hay day
	layer_6: why there's not time for a man to be sicken it repliedty what a cursed lia for i am sick as a holes cuosi already what a brain obside down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not time for a man to be sickened replied he what a cursed lier for i am sick as a holse quos i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_10: why there's no time for a man to be sick inered replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a hors quoths i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's no time for a man to be sick ined replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a hols quoths i already what a brain ubside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sa aik
	layer_4: sick sak
	layer_6: sick sick
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: saksink
	layer_4: sack sick
	layer_6: sick sick
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: on shallwbe geta loand
	layer_4: one shall be get a land
	layer_6: one shall be get a land
	layer_8: one shall we get a land
	layer_10: one shall we get a land
	layer_12: one shall we get a land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: nthe wen coped t a bout
	layer_4: and the wen chopd about
	layer_6: and the wen chopped about
	layer_8: and the wind chopcped about
	layer_10: and the wind chopked about
	layer_12: and the wind chopked about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s deas the ni shall met himfld imf the face
	layer_4: sdess then i shall met him ful in the face
	layer_6: zdes then i shall meet him full imn the face
	layer_8: zdeas then i shall meet him full him the face
	layer_10: zdeath then i shall meet him ful in the face
	layer_12: zdeath then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: captaon coo she for have a sake let as getto shoul
	layer_4: captain coo she for ha a sae let us get is so
	layer_6: captain ko she for heale zace let us get asha
	layer_8: captain kuo she for heaeven's sake let us get ashawl
	layer_10: captain quo she for heaven's sake let us get ashawl
	layer_12: captain quo she for heaven's sake let us get ashowl

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was not dimucrites whoule lageten times more dan y tan clerg ofr apdero
	layer_4: was not dimoccretus who laugh ten times more tan eye tan clerg of  adera
	layer_6: was not democritus who lauge ten times more than ie ton clerg ofe abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus who lagved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_10: was not democratus who laved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democratus who laved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: na ife he dourned beli ve me yheu may reapsd the chactirfor y our pains
	layer_4: nay if you durn't believe me you may reads the chaptir for your pains
	layer_6: nay if you don't believe me you may reads the chapter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: ises shors of sim de pard ndnot berhaps vfes oart an a nade longing two to qret the iland dalong rihes ha bis nobs
	layer_4: ise shures of theme depard not perhaps ows out an anaide longing two tookret the iseland along withers hapbis nobs
	layer_6: i se sures ov seme depard not perhaps ovas out and anaid longing too to ket the island along with hes happhisnobs
	layer_8: i see surs of tem depart not perhaps was out an inate longing too to et the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_10: i see sures of them depart not perhaps wasout an inaide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_12: i see sures of them depart not perhaps wasout an inade longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: foa a well you frienc i say nu littonow hathy endervi uar who regards you from the bech is your friend and his doryo rifer and prozer
	layer_4: fr a whell d you friends i say new litter kno that he endeviduae who regards you from the bech is your friend and his to ryorapher and proszer
	layer_6: for well d you friends i say knew little know that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiorafher and proser
	layer_8: frewell dar friends i say knew little know that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_10: farewell dear friends i say kyow little know that te individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say kyow little know that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to seoreclentdfent snokes on bogd the queen of a frienge many scaus a snops was air on the deck of sat findship marching force in their prid and ra vry
	layer_4: i went to day to see arreccellent fent snokes on boaut the queen of the frienche mony scause a snops were aire on the dack of at findship marching farce in their prid ant brare
	layer_6: i went to day to see our rexcellent fent snoks on bord the queen of the french many scorls e snops were there on the deck of sat fineship marching farce in their pride and bravfray
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scors of snops were there on the deck of tshat fineship marching fars in their pride and brafry
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent ven snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snops were there on the deck of that fineship marching forths in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snops were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forths in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they will be at osteandind foroues they wile in undayte the contin and nextt week theyvbare carrionto far lans the finmus emage of the prittish snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostend int four hours they will enundate the continent next week they wre carry anto far lance the faemous emage of the british snop
	layer_6: they will be ataustend int four hours they will anundate of the continant next week they will carry into far lands the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at austendin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at austentin four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seeme snobs in pin codes and tunpting boots scawring oves ta compani of rome and hirvf heard ars ther rodes an their wellnan slaing and the ganries of the vatican and to undered the shedry arcres of the colsm
	layer_4: i have seen snobs in pincots and umting boods scowring overs a companyaof rome and have hear a ther odes an theire well known slang an the galeries of the vagican and to undered the shadewy arches of the colasium
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincodes and hunting boots scouring over a compani of rome and have heard o theirroads and there wel known slang an the galeries of the pagican and to under the shadowy arches of the collosium
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin cotes and hunting boots scouring over a campani of rome and have heard a their roads and theire well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the campani of rome and have heard their roads and theire well known slang in the galleries of the fajican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagni of rome and have heard their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fajican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseyum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my lady marciness comes one bord look s round wih said happy arr of mingle terrer and departsnence which thistinguishers her lady ship and drecias to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingoe wis thy other snobson dake
	layer_4: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round with said happy airr of mingle terror and epertinance which thi stinguishes her ladyship and recious to her carriage for it is impossible  that she should mingl wath the other snobson dack
	layer_6: my lady marchinus comes on bord looks round weth sad happy air of mingle terror and empertinance which distinguishes her ladyship and rusius to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle wath the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with sad happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and russies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and russies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: there she sats and will be ellemprivrd
	layer_4: there she saits and will be ilam privit
	layer_6: there she sits and will be ilem rivade
	layer_8: there she sits and will be ill imprivate
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill imprivate
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill imprivate

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi s trobrleaes on her charit pannels ur ingrat on her lady ships hard
	layer_4: the strobereleas on her chariit pannels are in grat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_6: the strawbereleaes on her chariot pannels are in grat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the strawbe relieves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heard
	layer_10: the strawberrelieaves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberrielieves on her chariot panels are in grat on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and dev as you'd bestike the pisocas ont oita caven
	layer_4: and dave rs you'd mystake the picilcase into hitshe cavin
	layer_6: and dav as you'd bast take the pistlecae into his cabin
	layer_8: and davas you had bast take the pistle case into his cabin
	layer_10: and davas you had best take the pistl case into his cabin
	layer_12: and davas you had best take the pistle case into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: loo at almhost nase on hanstich and his lady an their litta some
	layer_4: look et almost nace in hand sditch an his lady an their little sun
	layer_6: look at omost nace in handsditch and his lady a'm their little sun
	layer_8: look at omos nacon handstitch and his lady i' their little son
	layer_10: look at omos nacon handstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at omos nayceon handstitch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a neble ever of bleasin contentment iluminades tofeachuers ol tho snobs of eastan rase
	layer_4: what a nuble ar of bleazsing contentment iluminae te feturs of thoh snops of eastan raice
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features o those snops of eastern race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment iluminate the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: whantar twon at houns dichisas
	layer_4: whatar twane at hounds dichesays
	layer_6: what atwole at houn ditches es
	layer_8: what at onelat hounds ditchesas
	layer_10: what a tonelet houns ditcheses
	layer_12: what a tone let hounds ditchesays

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: yit wiln nevehers parhimself any theiep en joymend
	layer_4: it will neve rs bar himself any cheep and joy ment
	layer_6: it will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_8: it will never spare himself any heap enjoyment
	layer_10: e will never spare himself any ceap enjoyment
	layer_12: e will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i havesad before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days thes so piedrussely ant outreagesly splendidanthapby
	layer_4: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days ther so picdrusqcully and outeragously splended andt hapby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days there'es so pickdrascully and out erageously splendod and hapby
	layer_8: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days theye aes so picturasqcully and outorageously splendid and happy
	layer_10: i have sad before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days theyare so picturesquelly and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galar days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yoounther comes kaptaan balspiganspan tid and drim whit travees for fo r sixmn sevea year of his life who oes not comit himself by lucury of ramend o rensonente of demener but ia think es asgreati soppas any man on bord
	layer_4: yonder comes capta and bal spickan span tid and drim whi dravels fr for o six s mon servery year of his life who does not commits himself by lucxtory of rament orensolence of demiener but i think as as great te oppas any man on board
	layer_6: yonder comes captain bull spick an spand tied and drem where travels for four or six monh sevey year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or rensolence of demeanor but i think as as greatdestsnoppes any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tit and drim with travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great ast nopp as any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great asnop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great asnop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bol passes to ceaseon and london sponging for diners and tle ping in agarrad near his clop
	layer_4: bull passes the ceason in lonton sponging for dinners and toleeping in a garriet nea his clap
	layer_6: boll passes to season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleoping in a gurrid near his clap
	layer_8: bull passes the season in lonton sponging for dinners and sloeping in a garret near his clup
	layer_10: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleoping in a garret near his clup
	layer_12: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his clup

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: see yins aptold carbas alrady i told o he would
	layer_4: see  ins up told carpbes alridy i told ho he woud
	layer_6: see he 's up told carapers alrady i told yo he would
	layer_8: see he's up te old carbes already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he's up to old carbes already i told yo he would
	layer_12: see he's up to old carrbers already i told yo he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that broug chuded bok was agreat weskirse om the klen twid kid glovs is mister fellum clantsy of polduty stown he cause himself mistert dolanse he andeves tod disginse es natife ruk wih a rihest so be position of inglishe and of u play ad billy ards or ecart with him tdhe chan tersar that he wir won the firs gaing and he the seven au aigt games and suing
	layer_4: that broah chorlded bok was a great weskhes an the clean twite kit gloaves is mister fellumn clancy of poldudy stown he cause himself mister dkclon seen he endeavus to disguise hes native bruk with te richest so pe position of english and if fuplay at bilyards or recart wats him did chantsers are that he wele won the first gan and he the seven ol eight games and suing
	layer_6: that broad choldered book was a great wheskers an the clean twuite kitclufvhs i's mister fellom clansy of polduty stown he cause himself mister du clan seen he hendeavous to disguise his native brok with the ritchest super position of english and if yeu play at billyards or recart was him did chances ar that he were when the tirst game and he the seven orl eight games un suwing
	layer_8: that broad shouldered book was the great wiskers and the clean white kitglovhes is mister fellom clansy of poldudystown he calse himself mister deu clan cy he endeavorsd to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if hou play at billiyards or a cart was him did chancers ar that he were when the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_10: that broad shouldered bok was the great wiskers and the clean white kitgloves is mister fallam clansy of poldudis town he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavoursd to disguise his native brak with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiyards or a cart wath him the chances are that yeu were wen the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_12: that broad shouldered bock was the great wisqers and the clean white kitgloves is mister fallam clansy of poldudy's town he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brouk with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a cart with him the chances are that yeu were wen the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the next persan is nbehrk
	layer_4: the next person is nbet hark
	layer_6: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_8: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_10: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_12: the next person is ubut hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: wen a grose instans of snoumlishness happens i should not the indign and gananis caus ha publicattention tuds at delling cocey to
	layer_4: whon it groses instance of snolishness happens i should not the indignant janiless caus the public attention dudes tat delling cocy too
	layer_6: won it groses instance of snolishness happens i should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention dudes at delincuse too
	layer_8: won it growshs instance of snovishness happens y should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention toodes at delincucy too
	layer_10: whone it grows instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention toots at delincacy too
	layer_12: wene it grows instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention toots at delincacy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for instance could sat ondorfuor cate of the aun of mangle bor so atd his broser be exemint im the snobish pointeif ew
	layer_4: how for instance could sat wonderfulcate of the al of mangle wortze and his broser be exemined in the snobish point of ew
	layer_6: how for instance could sat wonderfulkate of the arlm of mangleberdzl and his broser be examined in the snobbish point of ew
	layer_8: how for instance could sat wonderful kate of the arlm of manglbortsel and his procer be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could sat wonderful kate of the aym of mangolbertzel and his prosser be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could sat wonderful kate of the aym of mangolbertzel and his prosper be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: al re requy is tha s amanshould be recommindi to as by the al of mago rasesthure
	layer_4: all re requy as thas a man should be recommened to us by the earl of maga ansocha
	layer_6: all we requir is thes aman should be recommended to us by the earl of mangerand ershare
	layer_8: orl we require is thus a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangaruusa
	layer_10: or we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangerunzussha
	layer_12: ol we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangerunzusca

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: o you prid if o slmo blant
	layer_4: ho you pride of al snobland
	layer_6: hol you pride of all snobland
	layer_8: ho you pride of all snobland
	layer_10: ho you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: hol you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: oyu creling trockling self com fast lackes and paracies
	layer_4: oy crealing trockling self confast lackies and paresides
	layer_6: ore cruaeing truckling self comfast lackies and parasides
	layer_8: overcruaeling truckling self confest lackies and paricides
	layer_10: oercrueling truckling self confest lackeys and paricites
	layer_12: overcrueling truckling self confesd lackeys and paricites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it was he snobbise sentiment thut mislet her and to mate have vanities apray da t this wendling fortun taler
	layer_4: it was her snobise sentiment thut miss led her and to made he vanitieis aprayd at this winling fortune taler
	layer_6: it was her snobbish sentiment thout mis let her and to made her vanityes o prayedf the swindling fortune talnor
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thought misled her and to make her vanities o prayd  the swindling fortune tanler
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thout misled her and to make her vanities of preyed w the swindling fortune talor
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thout misled her and to make her vanities of preyede if the swindling fortune talor

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howd your cound for t a protiches benevilens ixorcis towa sintesting ionfrench lady
	layer_4: how wid your coun for the protitues benievilence exercise towar entesting infrench lady
	layer_6: how would you account for the prodicues benevolence exercised towards  intesting in french lady
	layer_8: how would you account for the prodigious benevolens exercised towards the interesting yaund french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the olmhorstboding house perble ra t her feete twons
	layer_4: the homest bording house peoble wrad her featet wonce
	layer_6: the homost bording house people wratt her feet at tons
	layer_8: the homa's bordinghouse people ere eat her feet at once
	layer_10: the homos boadinghouse people were at her feet at once
	layer_12: the homos boarding house people were at her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: god homo sybe lo d loving  jildenm of snmoglent
	layer_4: good hona symple lord loving gildem of snolant
	layer_6: good honor simple lord loving jildrem of snopland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving celdrem of snopland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving childram of snoland
	layer_12: good honor simple lord loving childram of snotland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: finily there was occase of derighd ono br mister veirn an hat ug
	layer_4: finally there was ho case of derihte onoabee mister vurn and at y g
	layer_6: finally there was a case of derihe onuabl mister vernon at york
	layer_8: finally there was a case of deriht honorable mister vernon at york
	layer_10: finally there was a case of te right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of the right honourable mister verenon at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: the rite onorabo was a son of anoboman and prectest on an o lady
	layer_4: the right honorabo was a son of anoblman and practict onan ar lady
	layer_6: the right honourabe was a son of a noblemaen and practised on anold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he castd hisnets over family f father mother anddaughters one of him hepoprosed temary
	layer_4: then he cast his nets over y family of father mother and aughters one of hm he proprosed o marry
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and aughters one of him he propose to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whim he proposed to marry
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one dayv the dreat of plat with a ee pote and a baskiet fuol of cald ficgters
	layer_4: one dae the drat of flat with a teote and a basket ful of callet ficgtures
	layer_6: one dave the drat of flat with a teap ot and a bosket full of colt fictures
	layer_8: one dayve the drat of flat with a tea oter and a basketful of colt fictures
	layer_10: one day the drat of flat with a teapoter and a basketfull of colt fictures
	layer_12: one day the drat of flat with a teapoter and a basketfull of colt fictures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it oas avied onorabe which ba d the hok which goge al these greeadys symple snobes
	layer_4: it as anvite onourabe which baeed the hook which gorge alld these greedy simple snorbs
	layer_6: it was invite honourablle which bate ed the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snarbs
	layer_8: it was invite honorable which bated the hook which gorger ald these greedy simple snabs
	layer_10: it was invit honorable which bateth the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was invite honorable which bateth the hook which gorge old these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what ey have ben taken in byy comrne
	layer_4: what tey have been taken in by commona
	layer_6: what they have been takeng in by commoner
	layer_8: whoutd they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_10: whald they have been taken in by commona
	layer_12: would they have been taken in by commona

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: an las and anlis what mat or mam tha speak s etreus con hepe for such an an lady
	layer_4: alass and alars what mater man the speak the truth can hope for such a lant lady
	layer_6: alas and alas what mortelr man the speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alas what mortal man the speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: and at wal sy s insences of fon dand cratttulus slobshness havea curd am the same weks paper wais he kno s how many schor marl
	layer_4: and yet walsys insences of fond and cratculous snobishness have o cured an the same weeks paber was her knos how many scor mor
	layer_6: and yet walsyus incenses of fond andcratulous snobbishness have occurred am the same weeks paber wish ho knows how many scorl morl
	layer_8: and yet alszy's insances of fond and cratulous snobbishness have occurred im the same weeks paper wish who knows how many scor morl
	layer_10: and yet walsey's instances of fond ancretulous snobbishness have occurred and the same week's paper with who knows how many score morl
	layer_12: and yet walse's instances of fond incretulous snobbishness have occurred and the same week's paper with who knows how many score morl

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we atheree sistis o seventeen to trende to
	layer_4: we arethree sistis om seventeen to trenteton
	layer_6: we are three sisters mo seventeen to trenty tune
	layer_8: we are three sisters mom seventeen to twenty tone
	layer_10: we or three sisters rom seventeen to twenty twom
	layer_12: we or three sisters rom seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ird just a semed to pesens for as ta handle t ohanam must to thos wats outit
	layer_4: we are just as seeme to persons for wis  handl twohtana must te thos watshout it
	layer_6: we are just he seeme to persons for wish a handle to theina must to those wathout it
	layer_8: we are just ha same to persons for ih a handle to theirn ae as to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who isha handle to their ame as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who wis a handle to their ame as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if you do i canno tllid bud i irm oethr sanguen disposition and etotain hid lin gring homep
	layer_4: if ye do i cannot tal it bud i am ota sanguine disposition and  antertain thelingering homep
	layer_6: if you do i cannot telp it but i am otha sanguin disposition and entertain a lingering homp
	layer_8: if yoe do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sangumine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: excus is grwl but i always right had long
	layer_4: excusethes graw but i always righte had long
	layer_6: excuse hus grawl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse this grawel but i always wriht had long
	layer_10: excuse this growel but i always write headlong
	layer_12: excuse this growel but i always write headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer wriht on pe fume to paver in jold i comnt up sinking that if hi eas you would nlot sing is snops
	layer_4: we nevea right and prefume to paver in ghorg i can't up sinking that if hy news you would not sink is snops
	layer_6: we never wright onprofumed to paver in george i can't up sinking that if he knewus you would not sink hie snops
	layer_8: we never write on perfumed to pavher in george i can't help sinking that if he knewus he would not sink is snops
	layer_10: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us he would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help sinking that if he knew us he would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shal have a black ra ro had my  white het ants my ousu a ban boe came as s e rictally gildt no
	layer_4: i shall have a black rab rhad my  white had and  my usyoal an boo came wis ser rictually gild  knovf
	layer_6: i shall have a black craberand myn white hat and my usual bamboo came were ser richally guilt knov
	layer_8: i shall have a black crabe round my white hat and my usual bambo cane was sir richally gilt norv
	layer_10: i shall have a black crape rond my white hat and my usual bamboo came wih sir ricually gild knob
	layer_12: i shall have a black crape rond my white hat and my usual bamboo came wish sir ricually gild knorb

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amsorrys they will be no time to get up mostacius be wee know and nexd week
	layer_4: i am sorr yi there will be no time to get up mustachus be dwee now and next week
	layer_6: i am soe there will be no time to get up moustachus betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sorre there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: from seventeenm ti to intrenty yid gots wortagus
	layer_4: from seventeemn to to intranty yik gats ort agus
	layer_6: from seventeemed to entranti youre gads ourt agos
	layer_8: from seventeen tetoentrentee youre gad sort ages
	layer_10: from seventeen to tuintrentee your gad sfortagous
	layer_12: from seventeen to tuintrentee your gadsfortagious

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: tar youn creatus i can see you all tree
	layer_4: teare young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_6: there young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: seventin sus me as ne a asmy an thime  flife but my i don't sayt un trenty stald
	layer_4: seventein sos me as near s my untime offlife but miyht i don't say tou an tranty stld
	layer_6: seventeensus me as nearas my on time of life but might i don't say to an trenty stold
	layer_8: seventeensus me as nearlas my own time of life but might i don't say two ntrenty stold
	layer_10: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say tountrenty stols
	layer_12: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say tountrenty stools

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: no no and ther friy rogis to mur midder one
	layer_4: nnow kno an that fritty roge hisd te mumidder one
	layer_6: now now a'm the fritty roge is demeurmiddle one
	layer_8: no no i'm the fretty rogu e's demu midl one
	layer_10: no no i'm the pritty rogue e's demuere middle one
	layer_12: no no i'm the pritty rogue he's demur middle one

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pese their cillylissteof fluttering heard
	layer_4: pece pease their silly lisstle fluttering heard
	layer_6: pse peas ther silly listle fluttering heard
	layer_8: pas peas the silly liststle fluttering heart
	layer_10: peas peas thei silly litttle fluttering heart
	layer_12: peas peas their silly little fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yoe snlabsty young ladis
	layer_4: u snobste young ladies
	layer_6: you snobsty young ladies
	layer_8: you snobs te young ladies
	layer_10: you snobs de young ladies
	layer_12: you snobs de young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will pa any men's now suo caeso
	layer_4: i il po any man's no so sass so
	layer_6: i will por any man's know suces so
	layer_8: i will pour any man's no susess so
	layer_10: i will pu any man's no suces so
	layer_12: i will pu any man's no suces so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is no harm e being of a goo family
	layer_4: there is kno harm and being of a good family
	layer_6: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: yu cone telpit poideas wa's int a mame
	layer_4: you can't tep it po  deas whats in a name
	layer_6: you can't elp it po ders what's in a name
	layer_8: you can't help it pordears what's in a name
	layer_10: you can't help it poradeairs what's in a name
	layer_12: you can't help it poradeairs what's in a name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: the t fery comfoidensavius of arigaans af tor be arigaant is to be asnogke
	layer_4: that fary confident savice of aragancs after be aragant is to be a snob
	layer_6: that very confident savius of arrogancs afto be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that vairy confident saviours of arrogans and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that vairy confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that vairy confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bue dal ther no kani nates lhe tend the hards the sas humble simple an trus lovhing
	layer_4: but da theyre kno kindy natures lo ten e heards theogh saws humble symble an tres loving
	layer_6: but are there no kindly natures no tender heards thoe saws humble sympole and trues loving
	layer_8: but ret ther no kindly natures no tender hearts thoge sauws humble symbole and truhs loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts thoug saus humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures nog tender hearts thogh sauls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pund er wellon thisquestiontswaton ladies
	layer_4: ponder well on this question weid yon ladies
	layer_6: ponde well on this question sweed young ladies
	layer_8: ponder well on this question sweed young ladies
	layer_10: ponderwell on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_12: ponderwell on this question sweet young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: inters owevfer still roun zoan boshcases su pe reodicar o exedtadta pament of it juserveing to keep the memory of the affave rlive tillat lengs in some whe eve lower pup comeste crediter uponage and terby d amonding brinceipl up on the spot to gether wais full and dress to hti very day makes ame both field the foullextent of therve oblicatios
	layer_4: interess thowever still run zon in bothcaes ta periodica or excidant o pament of it just serving to keep the memory of the affarverelife till at lengts in somn w ev lower pop come te creditor upon each anto by d amonding brinceiple upon the spot together wis full andress to the very day makes theme both feiel the fullextent of their roblications
	layer_6: interest however still runzon in both cates thuperiodica or excidenta payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairorelife till at length inson eveal ouer pop comes e creditor upon each and oby dramanding fprinciple upon the spot together was full intres to the very day makes them both field the full extent of their roblications
	layer_8: interest however still runszon in both cates tsuperiodica or eccedent al payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrellive till at length in somevil houer pop comes a creditor upon each and to by demmanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runs  on in both cases superiodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairre life till at length in som evil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runs on in both cases superiodica or accedental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairre life till at length in someevil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as ereder for i had your wrives has a sorre knolege of humanatr i mned not taym more to setefy him sait my hear o could not go ond at this rade rhis oud some sligeht experiencs of seeasensidentom ymantos
	layer_4: as e rader for i had your rives has a sorrogn knowledge of umanature i need not ta more to satify him said my hearo could not go on at this rade is oud some slight experience of theeson tidentlm me mantos
	layer_6: as te rader for i hade your rivs has a sorreg knowledge of humanature i need not say more to satify him sait my hero could not go on at this rade wisout some slight experience of thes on i dentl my mantows
	layer_8: as the reader for i hade your rives has a torougn knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him saidt my heror could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of thes on cidental mimentos
	layer_10: as the reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him sat my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as the reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him sad my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speeak the druth he hadt watonly invohed himselfe in a martitute of small book detof thistamnb which not wee stending egeniousas frequented fice he two much disery garded tinking tat as not one of ten was contracted frugh any mylignacy but on the condry from an almer sty of mint and de mear docundity of humer they woue alno then becrosstountein case
	layer_4: to speeak the truth he had wontenly involfhed himself in a mutitute of small book tets of this tamp which not wihstending yugenious as frequentad fice he too much disrygarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted threwgh any mylignacy but on the condry from an homesty of mind and themar j occoundity of humour they would allof than be crosstountain case
	layer_6: to speek the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book teats of this stamp which not withstanding eugenious is frequenteed vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an homesty of mind and the mere dorccoundity of humor they wourld aollof them be cross dountin  cause
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small bock deats of this stamp which notwithstanding eu geniuses frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere ocundity of humour they would all of them be crossd out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book dets of this stamp which notwithstanding yeu geniuses frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking shat as not one of them was contracted through any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jrocuity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding yeu geniuses frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking sat as not one of them was contracted through any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere drocumnity of humor they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: ugein his hwold nevert mit this and to wut ofen tell him t to on day a rosar he would sart inly be recontwic and he woud ofen ad in an axccent of sorrow ful aprehansion to ise u ter mosed bit
	layer_4: ugin is hould never  mid this and woud often tell him thae to one day a roser he would cetainly be reckoned wis and he wuld often ad in an axccent of sorrowful apprehansion to the utermost bit
	layer_6: uginies would never admit this and would often tell him that tone day oroser he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often ad in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to hishe uttermost bigt
	layer_8: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day oroze he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hishe uttermost might
	layer_10: eugeneus would never admit this and would often tell him that one day orosa he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to hth uttermost might
	layer_12: eugeneus would never admit this and would often tell him that one day orosa he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to h uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what tinclind ou genus t is ta same le pinion as as fllows
	layer_4: what inclined yugenus t is the same lpinion was as follows
	layer_6: what inclined eugenius to  the same opinion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenus to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenus to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: youryc followge hou geines washisis tho tha doa his en closed thim and to nefer opee them mo
	layer_4: youric followege you genis was his ies to the doal his enclosedo them and tonever opene them mo
	layer_6: youric followede heugenus was his eyes tooth the doorl his enclose to them and te never opened them mor
	layer_8: euric followed eugenius wats his eyes tooth the door his enclosed to them and o never opened them ol
	layer_10: euric followed eugenius wash his eyes to the door hi then closed to them and ho never opened them all
	layer_12: yeuric followed eugenius wash his eyes to the door he then closed to them and ho never opened them all

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alas por yourick
	layer_4: alas pur yourich
	layer_6: alas por eoric
	layer_8: alas por yoric
	layer_10: alas poe yoric
	layer_12: alas pore yoric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neverthe less in geneal apparance te harioer and the foxsound of vryg much a like the one obvious distinction being thaut of sies
	layer_4: nevertheless in general appearance the harior and the fox hound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sides
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound of very much a like the one obvious distinction being that of sizes
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound ar very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if you wat to huntr har ours on foot sixtn inches is quiete bigou nough almost to big t run wit but if you are ridingn to them twenting inches as a useful higt or yven lighttnunanters
	layer_4: if you want to huntor hariers on foot sixteing inches is quite big you nough almost to big to run with but if you are riding into them twenty inches as a useful hit or even lnineteennintes
	layer_6: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding into them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_8: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding nto them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it eisusless to lai down in y hard an fashd rual asd color it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_4: it is usless tod lay down in y hard and fasht rual as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless stoo lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupis r usely sent out to wak and mthey sly be prcuared to be capten rerd untill their odenough to be interd to their work
	layer_4: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain rerd until their old enough to be enter to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until they r old enough to be enter to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until the are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of course finer but with the linkh of neck so purfect ind the biger halnd bttle shoulders of the same patern and the to paicol quarters and second thos
	layer_4: he ias of course fliner but with thee linkgth of neck so perfect in the bigger hound e little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical a quarters and second thos
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger haoulnd he little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second chis
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second tlhihes
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigker hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_12: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is fairely on a line of coursee stic to it as the saying s like a begl
	layer_4: and when he is fairly on a line of course e sticks to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beegle
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quite possible teir fore that the begle was crosd with te welsh sothern or other hound to get more sise and power as there contnly was a welsh rugh couted bele of good aighteen antes and an almost hat denicl caontimperary that was called the essecx beie
	layer_4: it is quipe possible therefore that the bigl was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more sigze and power as there sertaly was a welsh rough coted begle of good eighteen inches and an almost at denical contimporary that was called the essex beglle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the begle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the bagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost itdentical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a great miny of the true or were bread became very meanipfcst as soonn as the harrior and bega asosiation as form and more pertoily when a section of the petr birl howndshow was reservd forthert
	layer_4: that a great miny of the true ordeor were bread became very manifhest as soon as the harioer and bigal association was form and more partically when assection of the peter birg hound show was reserved for the
	layer_6: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagal association was formd and more particualy when a ssection of the peterborugh hound show was reserved for then
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier am begale association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for them
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for them
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for them

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seem despringkfommevery part of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed to springk o every par of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostomn the housetad plas very noted inded the holton thet lea park the stoke plce the et enbirk the i seurbiton dhe trunity foot the wood day missus u dubia hil iars nisis prices anmissus turnere
	layer_4: one heres now of the choston the housed ad place very noted indeed the hulton the lea park the stoke place the edenbeirk the s serbaton the trinity foot the wood dale missus uduia hill yards isis prices and  missus ternerrse
	layer_6: one hears now of the choston the houset had plac very noted indeed the halton the leaparch the stoke place the edinberg the surbiton the trenity foot the wooddal missus udubya hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one heares now of the chaston the house ad place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinityfoot the wooddal missus uduia hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chawston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton the trinityfoot the wooddale missus udia hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chawston the house had places very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburgh the serbiton the trinityfoot the wooddale missus uia hillyards missus prices and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: is bround dar casal or hasal not deep set nor bulgy and withay mild expression
	layer_4: yes brown dar azel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a miled expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat norbulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bulgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low finintextur and hanging in a graceful fold clos to the cheiak
	layer_4: ears long set on low find intexture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: net motertly long slily arghd the throat showing som do wa
	layer_4: neck moderatly long slily arched the throat showing som du lap
	layer_6: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some due lap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some delap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some du lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: shoulders cleean and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: forlis pitchtreet fweill under the dog of good subtance and round in the bomn
	layer_4: fourligs pite street fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bome
	layer_6: fourlegs qwite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bom
	layer_8: fore legs qwhite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bom
	layer_10: forelegs white streegt well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: forelegs white street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: fee round well nuckle d up and stronly padet
	layer_4: feet round well nuckled up and strongly pated
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patded
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smove veridy smoote vbery dence and not to fine or short
	layer_4: coat smoth variety smooth bery dence and not two fine or short
	layer_6: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_8: cot smooth variety smooth verry dence and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coate smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coate smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not exceeting sixten antches
	layer_4: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_6: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any atrbeut of god must allways exist and be infinite or n other words are eac harnal and infinite through the said attribe
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absolute i nature of any atribaute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are each hearneal and infinite through the said atribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar eternel and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute  nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: profhconceeve ifit be possible supposing the proposition to be denide that te something in som aterbeute of godcan follow from ty absolute nature of these said aterbu and that at e same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or diration for instance the idyea of god expressed in the atrbeaut thought
	layer_4: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in some atribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is finight and has a conditiond existence or diration for instance the idea of god expressed in the atribaute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that tsomething in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finiht and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attributes and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attributes and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its nature infinit
	layer_4: in its nature infinite
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must necessrily exist
	layer_4: mast necessarily exist
	layer_6: mast necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have new grated therfore thought not consituting the idea of god and acqortingly the idea of god dooesnot naturally follow fra mits nature inso far as it is absolut hhought four itiis conceivede as consituting and also as not cositudting the idea of god which is against ar hap othesus
	layer_4: we have now grated therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fro its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for iti s concived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hape othesis
	layer_6: we have now grantted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothesis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolutey thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against ar hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against ar hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: an beon thelimits of the diration of the idea of god supposing te latter at some time not to hiavbexisted or not to be going to exist thought wouod perforce have existed with out the idyea of god which is contry to ur hapothesis for we suppos that thought being given the idea of god nhass sarly flowed there frume
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hive existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contray to our hapothesis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of godn hes sarly floed their frum
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to hive existed ore not to be going to exist thought woud perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god n hesesarily flowed ther from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duraction of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: baring min that the same proposition may be o firmed of ay thing which an any atrbeaute necessarly follows from gads absolute nature
	layer_4: bearin mind that the same proposition may be of firmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_6: bearin mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corlar hanceit follows that god iis not only the caus of things coming into existance but also of their continuing in existance thatyis inscolastic frasyalogy god is caus of the being of things as sindy reruma
	layer_4: corelary hance it follows that god iis not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of ther continuing in existence that is ins calastic fphrasiology god is cause of the being of things as sindy reraa
	layer_6: corilary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cyndy rerama
	layer_8: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins cholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerum
	layer_10: corollari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things assindy rerum
	layer_12: corollari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in schalastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things assindy rerum

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: coarallary indi vidual things are nothing but motifications of the attrbuts of god or modes by which the atrbutes of god ar expresst an y fixd anddefinate manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed an a fixed and definite manner
	layer_6: corrilary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed ina fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: si h i cor such a time you neveredid sy
	layer_4: suco cor such a time you never didse
	layer_6: such o cor such a time you never did she
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never did se
	layer_10: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a corps such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: ouas wicion some body would gied the conversation es start win indthi any made a break
	layer_4: olas wisian some body would ive the conversation a start wen in tiany mae a breake
	layer_6: ias wish in somebody would give the conversation o start when indiannie made a break
	layer_8: ous wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indianni made a break
	layer_10: o was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: o was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this ay no great stot country says he to the old genleman with the cainm
	layer_4: this ai't no great stok country says he to the old gentlemen with the came
	layer_6: this aint no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the came
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no soir says the ol jenteme
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlemet
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentlemen
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: theres very little grasing here and the ranges petty much wer ou
	layer_4: thereis very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wer out
	layer_6: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the yong lady smil thoe r vele and the old lady snappeter eys an lokxsid ways ad the speake
	layer_4: the young lady smile tou r vail and the old lady snapped er eyes and lookd sideways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smile tou her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked side ways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: in wine out arlens to see if i can't et contract out of uncle sam to feed the bos woncs been liok in them in fernal mexkon so ba
	layer_4: i'm wyne dou to aralens to see if i can't get contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once been licken them in fernal mexican so bad
	layer_6: i'm wine down to aurleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys onces been licking them in fernal mexicans so bad
	layer_8: i'm wine down to or leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wine down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: of rid some a cownse of the battl says the ol jentlemen tha didn't yiv a very flattering a cowt of the conductd o some of our troups
	layer_4: o'v rid some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman thee didn't yuve a very flattering a count of the conduc o some of our troops
	layer_6: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering a ccount of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ol preature lison to him with evident sins of dis plasure to histin ingroanin tillhey couldenstand it no longer
	layer_4: the old preachur listen to him with evident signs of dis pleasure twisten an groanen til hy couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and grownindg til he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he should his moth rat in e midal of whaty wasth son and looke at te preature while is fas gods red asfir
	layer_4: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he with sayen and looked at the preacher while his face god s rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his mouth wright in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got s rd as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got s rd as fire
	layer_10: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swearing says the old preature is a terible bad pract as and there in't kno use in it kno how
	layer_4: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad pract s and there ain't kno use in it know how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practce and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practce and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: ots but indthi any cept shady he appeared to be cow da
	layer_4: ts but in the any kept shady he appeared to be cowd down
	layer_6: oks but in diannie kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_8: oks but indianni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: ooks but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: ooks but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: thol gentleman with the can took apard in the conmbversation and the whosurelisen withat ever open in his had
	layer_4: the old gentleman with the can took a pard ini the conversation and the whos ure listened without ever open in his head
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosor listened without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sawt amen ga moro and seen the place war lot wife fill
	layer_4: he was at sawht a mengamoro and seen the place war lot wife fill ah
	layer_6: he was at sout o men gamorro and seeng the place ware lots wife fill ah
	layer_8: he was at satomengomorro and seeing the place war lots wife phil ah
	layer_10: he was at sodom engomoro and seein the place war lots wife phil ah
	layer_12: he was at sowdom engomorro and seein the place war lots wife phil ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was the remarkabliss thing af all he seen the pillor of sallt watc he was turrred in to
	layer_4: yes says the preachur he went to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was tered in to
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkables thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: yes sr he sen the sul stand in thar to thisday
	layer_4: yes sir he seen the sal standinthar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the saut standen thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the sale standing thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir hes seen the salts standing thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir hes seen the salts standing thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what says thusure rel genawin good solet
	layer_4: what says th husoure real genawin good sat
	layer_6: what says te housere real genauine good salt
	layer_8: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt
	layer_10: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt
	layer_12: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes sir a piller o salt jist is it was wetn that weik id omin was ponished for herdsabediats
	layer_4: yes sir a pillar of sault just is it was when that waked woman was punished for her ds o bedites
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that weeked woman was punished for her des obedientes
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: right out tin the openair he askt
	layer_4: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_6: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: rigdt out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: rigde out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had theinbut little of that mynunt and acurt knowlege of the intir of the contin it whicht was rekwas at for tedtermination oftheprobl
	layer_4: we had then but little of that mynute and acurite know edge of the interior of the continat which was req uis i for itetermination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minut and accurate knowledge of the interior ofthe continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_8: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: saveral direforet parties wer theirefor or genis to examan the various routs suppose to be prac ticable with ind the nor than en southern limits of the  nitd stats
	layer_4: several diffrete parties were therefore organise to examine the various routs supposed to be prac ticable with in tha nor than end southern limits of teunie states
	layer_6: several different parties were therefore organize to examie the various rouths supposed to be practicable with in the northen and southern limits of theunied states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onmnlhy discrimination mad was in the more propd and thorow e quipmet of the parities for the extrem nor then lie and this was only becaus that was supposed to be the most ivicult of excution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt an thorough equipment of the parties for the extremed nor than limne and this was only becaus that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the servase
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parities for the extremed northern liome and this was only because that was supposed to be the emost difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern limne and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquaries were made with regar tu goun powtrt wegh sebsqueintly led to the use of a corser grain fort artillery
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard do gun power weige sub squently lead to the use of a cour er rain for artilary
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder whidghe subsquintly led to the ushe of a coarser rain for ar tillery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the uthe of a coarser reign for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser vrein for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser vrein for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the offisers of these ragrments werechosan partly bys the lection from those allready in servise in the reg ulthetr army hamparty by boint nat tfrom siveal la
	layer_4: the officers of these ragiments were chosen partly bys thelection from those already in survice in the regular army hamnd partly by appoint net from civial live
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by election from those already in service in the regular army hand partly by appointmnent from civil live
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: ounder in structions r om the presnent the list was therefore revised and motipfied hein accorne with this new elmet of jeu rafhical tdistrbution
	layer_4: under instructions fro the presdent the liist was therefore revised and modified h in accornce with ths new element of gucrapical distribution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified he in accordnce with this new element of geurapical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified  in accordance with this new element of goraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: ater some forther discussion of the question the vhis dours with dre desatis fid with the result of the interviw
	layer_4: aftersome further discussion of the question the visiders with drew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quartiamastr general on hearing of this conversation haten to in for me that it was all hon mhestake at the appot ye to the offiehad been confounded with his father who was a well knone wiig but that he the sun was ha demecrat
	layer_4: the quartermaster general onhearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all em mistake tat the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a demmorcrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to informe me that it was all a mistake that the appointy to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that ha the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that het the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appoint e to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: ia sured the general at this was all tho gether him aterial adding that it was an very pretty quarl as it stood and that i had no a desire to heffect a settlement of it on any infuriyour issyou
	layer_4: i assured the general that this was all together him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it oin any in furiour issu
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was altogether himmaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to affect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the soltial at t o  towor smolking e aredbig torin days and for somekime later was curdies
	layer_4: the sicial at t you towrs moking  ureadybic torin days and for sometime later was curios
	layer_6: the social asdu torsmolking  already bictorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_8: the social attitude toer smolking you already bictorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social atitutetoer smolking teu already victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social atidute tower smolking the already victorian days and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: now misses crel he u says i feoin usmorl kng hmere and shall probly las a way i' night
	layer_4: now misses crep he says i feelin nus moking humour and shall prubly blays away i'll night
	layer_6: now misses crip he s says i feelyin us molking humour and shall probly pblayzed away all night
	layer_8: now missus crep he says i feel in a smolking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_10: now missus cuip he says i feel in a smolking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus cuiop he says i feel in a smolking humour and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but cee of whare you are if he polease tin case a woncn
	layer_4: but the sea to wheare you are if you polece in case ae woundtyo
	layer_6: but the sea  where you are if you police in case ave wand you
	layer_8: but the seed wherere you are if you please in case i wont you
	layer_10: but the seat where you are if you please in case i've wound you
	layer_12: but the seat where you are if you please in case i've wond you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the tborf ss cas howiever were capolait
	layer_4: the doorstase however were capolet
	layer_6: the dorf'stictes however were capoleit
	layer_8: the dwarf'sticte however were caphtlit
	layer_10: the dwarfs tise however were capilit
	layer_12: the dwarf's tises however were capilit

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crepand brass we know theunsol siety
	layer_4: but crepen bress wen now thi nsociety
	layer_6: but crip and bras were now the insociety
	layer_8: but crepe and brass were now the in society
	layer_10: but crype and brass were now the in society
	layer_12: but cryp and brass were now th in society

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: thee wa sto fleny l facthim opolnis and the noncers of to bacckl
	layer_4: there wal stupe flannyo factive oponis and the noncers of toback
	layer_6: there wal stu flennio factive oponis and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_8: there will stu plenty of factive opponies and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there will stou plenty of factive oponies and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there will stu plenty of factive opponies and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one noft the mustif thistinguistoas the grd teewcop ralingto who abominenst moking andhe waston oit by theing creseltsegars moking amon al viserselft the yarmy
	layer_4: one ouf the mosef tistinglister was the grid d oko radling ton who abaman andse moking ande was eoid by the increas elf sigars moking amon apvysersef the army
	layer_6: one of the most of dhistinguist was the grit dolkov radington who abominand smoking and was tanoied by the incras of cigarsmoking among onfisersof the army
	layer_8: one of the most distinguihed was the greit dilokov raltington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increes of cigarsmoking among onficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the most o distinguished was the grit dikov waltington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the most to distinguished was the greit diokov waddington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increastes of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the ladis hather kinmgsint for thabom on tei all d worl to bacckel and thet this trested the man hos mogke
	layer_4: the ladis hather kensint for thea boman e all doworl to backo and tat this trasted the man hosmoke
	layer_6: the lad es had ther kinsant for the aboman f all d worl tobacco and that tdistrasted the men whosmoke
	layer_8: the ladies had their kingsant for the abowument ofal duerl tobacco and the distrusted the men whosmoke
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsin for the aboument of al dulwarl tobacco and the distrusted the men who smoke
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinsin for the aboument of al duwarel tobacco and the distrusted the men who smoke

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: hers bhes plutheos for thacoris comint onet ca this tis smolkang bhat ete shu beconseitherder crime
	layer_4: hereis fhisepoudhos for thackris comind on its wha this thismoking that i te should beconsider de crine
	layer_6: hereius fist poudos for thackoris comment on its whatis this smoking that i t should be concider da crine
	layer_8: hereious fispudhos or thackeriscomment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_10: herus fispudos or thackerres comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_12: hurus fispudos or thackoris comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i beliv in thy heart thofthe women ha jelus of it as souf ar wival
	layer_4: i believe in my heart that the weomen a jellus of it asoff a wival
	layer_6: i believe in my heart that a weomen aejealous of it assof awival
	layer_8: i believe in my heart that  woman are jealous of it aof a ival
	layer_10: i believe in mhy heart that a women are jealous of it asof a rival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that a woman are jealous of it asof arrival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ie te lay a gin thth many lady was jest ben cind anogh to red the abould lins lay ston the boke after this chonfession ofh my that i must moker and the sas oh the bagor resh and he passis ons of something euse
	layer_4: i've the lay agini that he manyn lady who has jest been kind enough to rat the abt lines la sdon the bok after thise confession ough min that i must moker and he sas oh the bogo rech and passes ouwns of something ouse
	layer_6: ive the lay aginein that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to reah the above lines lay stand the book after this confession of min that i must moker and sae oh the bauga wrech and pass esounds of something else
	layer_8: i'v delay a guinea that a manan lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalbed lines laystan te buk after this confession of mine that i must mok er andsas oh the bulgawrech and pass a sounds of something else
	layer_10: i'v delay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abalbd lines lay stan the buk after this confession of mine that i must smokher and sas oh the bulgawretch and pass asounds of something else
	layer_12: i'v delay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the abald lines lay stan the buk after this confession of mine that i must smok her and says oh the bolgawretch and pass ha sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jermane has been covfing for thres gar ears forens mokes to amen
	layer_4: germany has been poffing for thres krears frans mokes to a men
	layer_6: germani has been pauffing for three squoreiyers fransmoks to a man
	layer_8: germany has been pouffing for threesqooriyears francmoks to a man
	layer_10: germannys has been puffing for three score years franc moks to a man
	layer_12: germanny has been puffing for three score years franc moks to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: shaw lol cat e his provgus
	layer_4: sha lo ad  his progese
	layer_6: sha loec at his progress
	layer_8: shah look hadt his progress
	layer_10: sha look had his progress
	layer_12: shah look had his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the adre of t abackol was not brod into ther doingl
	layer_4: thus the auder of to backo was not brout into their doning lom
	layer_6: thus the alduer of tobacka was not brougt into their dayning roome
	layer_8: thus the audr of tobacco was not brought into their dawiing room
	layer_10: thus the arldur of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room
	layer_12: thus the ardour of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: the s dournalics and the boi means wfhor mat ather coters were abou for telow t e did pase ol fassion and smolgin was always of fecture of their gatherins
	layer_4: the sternalice and the bogi means wfho mad at their coaders were aba or below the dig pase o fashion and smukan was always of feature of the ir gatheroncs
	layer_6: the steurnaastes and the buimians who mat a their coaders were about ori below the dig pase ol fashion und smokin was always ste fature of the r gatharoons
	layer_8: thesternolise and the borghimians who mat ad their coders were about or below the dig tasesol fashion unsmoking was always e feature of their gatheroons
	layer_10: the sturnolists and the boghimians who mat at their koders were about or below the dig tases ol fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatheroons
	layer_12: the steurnolistes and the boghimians who mat at their koders were about or below the dig tastes ol fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatheroons

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both queen vetoria and the pris consord e taste et so tlbackl was to buier ever the pcortors
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the princs comsors detasted it so tobacka was to buirever the pourthfwors
	layer_6: both queen victoria and the prince conesort detast at it so tobacco was to bu hireever the pourtfors
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince consor detasktd at it so tobacco was tabu herever the pourt force
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consor detesceted it so tobacco was taboox wherever the portforse
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consor deteceted it so tobacco was taboox wherever the portforce

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: at than bry time a tell in the mornding of the sacenofh sofbtember an he podin was nanding among his trops on the pocloning hie lookinie othe peneramos bgread of before him
	layer_4: at that bvurye time a teyin the morning of the segonough subtember an the pulan was nanding among his troops on the pac lonin heel lokingng at ther peneramos briedout before him
	layer_6: at that vuried time e tenl in the morning of the segon off subtember and apoleon was nending among his troops on the pecloning heel loking ot ther penaramas bradout before him
	layer_8: at that vuri time ateliy in the morning of the second of september ed napoleon was snending among his troops on te pelonan heel looking ut ther panaramas brat out before him
	layer_10: at that vury time at ten in the morning of the second of september nd napoleon was snenning among his troops on the poclonin heel loking ut the panaramas spread out before him
	layer_12: at that vury time at ten in the morning of the second of september nd napoleon was snenning among his troops on the poclonin heel loking ut ther panaramas sbreoad out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in his self the mornung was magicl
	layer_4: the brightin hesself the mornin was magical
	layer_6: the brighten eself the morniang was magical
	layer_8: the brightennessolf the mourning was magical
	layer_10: the brightenness of the mourning was magical
	layer_12: the brightenness of the mourning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamasies always readhy to theis sand upo e vemquised
	layer_4: but the my clamesies always ready to dthis sand upon tebamquished
	layer_6: but tot my clamasies always ready to dessend upon a bamquished
	layer_8: but thof myclemase s always ready to descend upon tha bamquished
	layer_10: but the myclemass always ready to descend upon the banquised
	layer_12: but the myclemeceis always ready to descend upon the banquished

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yed heur she is liy onth my feet with har godan doms an acrowsis singllating in a twinclny in the sun sing
	layer_4: yet her she is liing ont my feet with her godan doms and a crowses sinkgle lating in a twinklla in the sushign
	layer_6: yet here she is lying on my feet with her goden domes and acrowses single lating and a twinkllan the sunshine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying onto my feet with her golden domes and ecrosses singilating in a twinklline the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying on my feet with her golden domes and acrousses singulating in a twinklin n the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying un my feet with her golden domes and acrouses singulating in a twinkling in the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: but ishal spear her
	layer_4: but i shall spar her
	layer_6: but i shall spare her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the highd out te cramily yes thearis the cremlin yes i will geve them jus the lous iaticsh them the meaning of shus of al ization iwill make genarasns of blwe ars wremember ther concr with h lad
	layer_4: from the hide ouf the cramily yes thearious the cramilyg yes i will geve them just the laws oilltich them the meaning of chos of alization i will make gen arationgs of boiarse wremember their conqueroer with lov
	layer_6: from the hide out the cramily yes the eories the cramili yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of choos of alization i will make generations of biars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_8: from the hide outhecramile yes the erist to crammilen yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of thruc ivialization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with law
	layer_10: from the hide of the crammelin yes the aris de crammelin yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with law
	layer_12: from the hide of the cramelin yes the earis de cramelin yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with law

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ir tel tat thet woitation that i de nowt and do knowt desi war thet i oughd e wre only against the fouse polis y of the r qourt thathi lao b n the res bacolaisander and that e mastica i looc sebtermsa peace werth the of my sou in of my peupl
	layer_4: i l telbat tha botation that i ded nout and do nout desie war that i  wache the war only against the tfouse pol acee of the ir qourt that het i lav and the respack alas ender and that emansicl i look sabtermsalf piece with the of myself and of my pepile
	layer_6: i will tell that thavotation that i di nout and to nout desie war that ith wach the war only against the thast policy off thei requourt that a i love and the respac alezander and that emosical i look sabterm sol piece worththy of myself and of my people
	layer_8: i will tell tbhat t apotation that i did not and do not desie war that i tewech the war only against the false policy off the recort that ai love and the respect alexander and that i mosicl i loksabterms a pece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_10: i will tell bhut the apotation that i did not and do not desire war that i fhweag the war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respect alexander and that e masico i loksabterms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell but the ipotation that i did not and do not desire war that i fage the war only against the false policy of the recort that i love and the respect alexander and that e masico a locksabterms of peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at do not resh to ate lie the fortnself war to hamel at in onoard mornernc
	layer_4: at do not resh to yeullyalie the fortunself war to himulate in onore the monarch
	layer_6: ad do not reach to yuldelizes the fortuneself war to humulate in honor the monarch
	layer_8: had do not reach to yudialize theg fortune self war to humulate in honor the monarch
	layer_10: had do not reash to udialize the fortune self war to humiliate in honour the monarch
	layer_12: had do not reash to udialize the fortune self war to humuliate in honour the monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he would have to be tope oll ther saig si some deandt menout this wet but gent mad
	layer_4: he would have to be tot al the same sa some dente men out this weet but gentemed
	layer_6: he would have to be tod a the same sayd some gentemen o this wheaet but gentemin
	layer_8: he would have to be toad a'l the same saiyd some gentleman ouf this wheat but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be tod all the same says some gentleman of this wheat but gentleman
	layer_12: he would have to be toad all the same says some gentleman of this wheat but gentleman

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: a singr repoortd out te sinknoling gon fowow and the tos whowre al radis bred out ounthiy fren asiesupf motsco mo binto the satye to mor collogot and thou gomal of gats
	layer_4: a singo repored out te sinknoling gon folown and the trovs whore alradis brad out on ty fron asieself mosico mo beento the sad ie thwomird calu goot and thor gomel of gates
	layer_6: a single repored out a sinc n olin ganfollowed and the trufs whoare alraddish brad out on te frien asize soufmoscop mubin to the satie to wirve koluga and dargoel of gates
	layer_8: a single report out tha singnalinggon fouloe and the trous who are all ratdish bread out on the phrinicize suf mosico mointo the saty to a murd kologa and dargomel ef gates
	layer_10: a single report out the cingno linganl foulo and the trufs who are aradish bread out on the phinicize south mosico move into the catey to vur kologa and dargomel f gates
	layer_12: a single report ouf the singna linganel foulo and the troufs who are al radish sbread out on the phinisize south mosico move into the caty to vur koluga and dargomelaf gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: he  s majer do mo camein e sacon time to say e ot the fanchm whed the bra the leather fom the coundhise was aber an iistoo see him befonly fore minuts and thas some lone from bzzit teves wedo ha the cow to as piair t ot take charge up her uspbans book as he herself ess living for the constred
	layer_4: he smajour donl mo caming e second time to say t a the fenchmelt wwhe the brow the latther from the countis was a ery anciusto see him befonly for minutes and thas some ene from besit deves wedo had her cowd to aske pir toitd take charge op her husband sbok asked she herself a seliving for the countred
	layer_6: hismajor donmo caming a second time to say that the french men who ad the browd e latter from the countessts was very anious o see him e  only for minute and that sume one from basativ's widow had a cow to ask piere to take charge up her husbands bok asked she herself a laving for the country
	layer_8: his majordomo came ing a second time to say that the french man who had a brow the latter from the countess was very anxxious to see him if only four minutes and thas some ont from bazedivs wedo had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the county
	layer_10: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had e brow the latter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that some one from bazediv's widow had a cow to ask piere to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the country
	layer_12: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had the brow the latter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for minutes and that some one from bazzidiv's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the country

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: ther was no ly in the passit
	layer_4: there was no lie ind the passit
	layer_6: there was no lie in the passet
	layer_8: there was no lie in the paset
	layer_10: there was no lie in the passet
	layer_12: there was no liget in the passet

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the heu piser was standing ad the frun tdoor
	layer_4: the hol porser was standing it the frun door
	layer_6: the how porser was standing at the fron door
	layer_8: the haw poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hawposer was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the halposer was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: from the land the  we re peur sto theier was a slecin the sair cas lingent o the back ansos
	layer_4: from the land te a we ae per stood ther was a second the sar case ligat with the back anches
	layer_6: from the landnawerppier stoowd ter was a seconed sayircase linget with a back enches
	layer_8: from the landingawherepier stood there was a second sayircases lingnet with e back anches
	layer_10: from the landing where pier stood there was a second staircase linguet with a back inches
	layer_12: from the landing where pier stood there was a second staircase linguets with a back inches

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he woln down a staircastondth al dinto the yard no wo heassee him
	layer_4: he wouln't down tou stair casteon aldinto the yard no ote has see him
	layer_6: he woudnt down thou staire casan out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_8: he wunt down thou staircasan out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he went down thou staircase an out into the yard no one has seen him
	layer_12: he went down thou staircase ant out into the yard no one has seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe he e fal thathe he wa sopei lue ke that hey behaved o like  als teraris which higd is had ing te botina lo deir now t o bi seen he hon his had ame quickieniag his pace hene down mi stourt
	layer_4: whe heha fail that e he was supein luteuetad he behaved a likea alsteris which hide as had in a buchn onder nowto be seen he houn his had an quickenig his pace when down the street
	layer_6: when h failed that he was sbeing lutle cdad he behaved a like a alsterige which hide his head in a buchin uder now to be seen he houn his headan quickening his face wen down the street
	layer_8: when he faile that he was being a lul cdad he behaved alike a alsterige which hide his head in a buchin uder now to be seen he hungd his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he faeilt that he was being lulcdad he behaved alike alsteridge which hirded his head in a buchin oder now to be seen he hunged his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he failt that he was being lulcdad he behaved alike alsteridge which hide his head in a buchin oder now to be seen he hunged his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first a cap im mat and tild the lyvore to go to the patry ax pons where the wed o basif deve souswus
	layer_4: he har the first a cap hi mat and t the joivor to go to the patriax pons were the wedo basa deves sousewas
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap imet and told the diver to go to the patriactduponds where the widow basadeve souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriaxpouns where the widow bazdevs house was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pounds where the widow bazdev's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pounds where the widow bazdev's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bhis was the otentig scolls acx with bathe deves nolsans sqlandations
	layer_4: this was the atentigx scols axts with fathteves nilse and sclanations
	layer_6: this was thealthentic skallsh ax with fatstive snols andclanations
	layer_8: this was the auphentic scallsh axs with fath deve snus andxclanations
	layer_10: this was the authantic scolish acts with fathdeve snules and exclinations
	layer_12: this was the authentic scolish axts with fasdeve snulles and exclanations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is sat d i tho dhustded witing teable and the havin layve the maner s greibyfore him o pen the moll claostem o finaal yprose the a way and the resting his had ou his hand ti sanking to madi cation
	layer_4: he is satt abe theugh thus did witing table and the having layve the menus greibyfore him opene the mal closthem he finally prose them away and eresting his head o his hand te senk ing to madicasion
	layer_6: he is satt ab theugh dus did writing table and the having lay the manus greibefore him opend the maur clostom hfinally prushed them away and rresting his head on his hand the senk imto madication
	layer_8: he is set tive theh dus did writing table and h having laid the manus gri before him opened the mor close tem  finally prosed them away and resting his head on his hand t senk into mandication
	layer_10: he is set d ab the dus did writing table and  having laid the manus grib before him opened the mouth closetom finally proved them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mendication
	layer_12: he is set don b the dus did writing table and having laid the manus grib before him opened the mouth closetom finally proved them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mendication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: macker a laxtovose came a twised tho the venin shoftlig alowighs clasious afd s fares the doo and stoupes and the loked ingrisia tily othe pere
	layer_4: macker alaxt o ege camewa twice that the eveni shouftling alongn hisglashus ofs fares the dool and stops an the loked in griiatilhe at ther pr
	layer_6: macer alaxdavege came a twice thathe evening shuffling along n his sglashius as fares the door and stops and e loked ingritiatetily at the pier
	layer_8: maker alaxtrovige came twice thatha evening shuffling along his sglachous as far ast the door and stops and the loked ingratiatidly at the pierre
	layer_10: makr alextrovitgh came twice thatha evening shuffling along in his gloshis as far as the door and stops and eloked ingratiatily at the pier
	layer_12: makr alextrovitge came twice that tha evening shuffling along in his sgloches as far as the door and stops and loked ingratiatily at the pier

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alpvesersal boudo taclen or the pris enue a parente relactent l belaft a low wihhis frien asd u tem the stay anhalfe t
	layer_4: the ophisers wir bou o take lyve for the pricsenue apparently relactantl belaghet a lown with his frien ask  them to stay and halfe he
	layer_6: the olvisors were bowe to take ly for the princandue apparently relacd entill be leghed along with his friend askr them to stay and half the
	layer_8: the officers were bowed to take lave for the princ andew apparently reluctent tol be left along with his friend ask them to stay and half tea
	layer_10: the officers were bowed to take leave of th prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend aske them to stay in half tea
	layer_12: the officers were bowed to take leave of t prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left along with his friend asked them to stay an half tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: ses wil brauding and he so wasprty
	layer_4: sease welrl browthying and he so was s tirte
	layer_6: seized were browthne and the soul were spurte
	layer_8: seizes were browthing and the soul were spirti
	layer_10: seas were browthyinge and the soul were spirtive
	layer_12: seas were browthyine and the soul were spirtiv

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the aolvisirscae wis uprised of ha purs wocgh stoued feager andthalisinto hes stak a plousicoat and the posision alf allr army rone wach he had a breton
	layer_4: the alviser scaed with surprised in a pers whoge stoutd fiager and e listen to his talc op amousicoat and a position al albrarnmy rong which he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alvicers cased with surprised and a pearse uge stalbed figere and elisten to his talk op pmousicoat and ta position albalberarmy lrung which he had abreaden
	layer_8: the alvicors gazed with surprised atd a perse huge stale figere and a listened to his stalc o mousicot and tha position albalbararmi ont which he had a breden
	layer_10: the alficers cased was surprised at a peurce huge staff figure and a listened to his talic of a molsico and the position al balbara armi ong which he had a breten
	layer_12: the alficer's cased was surprised at a purced huge stufv figure and a listened to his talic of a molsico and the position al balbara armi mong which he had a breton

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you enter staned the whome postes an noup ouer troks
	layer_4: sto you intherstand the whome posstas on ou pouer trops
	layer_6: stil you inderstand the whome pusass ond ouh owber troops
	layer_8: still you understand the whome posesson of poere troops
	layer_10: still you understand the whole posession of powr troops
	layer_12: still you understand the whole posession of powre troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being o millit reman he cannesa ap end er stothey the foly but the enter stend the generare posution
	layer_4: nout being a milli to remen he cansaap ender stewthey t fowy but they enerstend the general posision
	layer_6: nowt being a milataryman the can say have enderstoew the d folly but they enderstand the general posision
	layer_8: not being a military man who canno say ive enderstood id fully bout they understand the general procision
	layer_10: not being a military man who can say i have understood it fully but they understand the general precision
	layer_12: not being a military man who can say i have understood it fully but they understand the general procision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then you kno mor than en i h ouse be atd hoith may sad pris enurl
	layer_4: welld then you kno more that any ine ouse be it hoit may said pres enderl
	layer_6: wel then you' now more than anyone else peet hoit may sad phris andrl
	layer_8: well then you know more than any one else pet hoet may sad phrisandrel
	layer_10: well then you know more than any one else bd hoet may said price andrel
	layer_12: well then you know more than any one else bt hoetmay said prisce andrel

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: a tell me yur a pingof backlayd the toe
	layer_4: a tell me yure opinia fack lade their tole
	layer_6: atell me ur apinia fact lad their toldin
	layer_8: antell me yoeur apenia fact lad ther todan
	layer_10: and tell me your alpeni o bac lat ther tola
	layer_12: and tell me in nour alpenia offac lad the tola

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: purlooke the t molcum with the comn this sendily insto roktive smile with wis emerbodyevoluterilyorjoicse that alpfiser
	layer_4: pur look the tmoulcume with the come his sendily into rocktvesmile with wichemurbod  boluntrily o joestd that alpficere
	layer_6: pere look thato maucum with the convisendally into roctive smile with which emmrybody boluntarily orjoase that alpicer
	layer_8: pure look that macim with the conviscendally into rocative smile with which eveybody voluntarily or jest that olfficer
	layer_10: pure look that malchum with the condescendily into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or juesses that officer
	layer_12: pure look that malchim with the condescendily into rocative smile with which everybody voluntarily or juesses that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: wish seoulithorgain seses is u ranity has min te porins it yuer acxscience u satin molk in tymicaly ind the comtinualy turningto glans at iscuonal
	layer_4: wih she light again since hi surranity has been the point it you wer axceolency sati malcan timically and the comtinually turning to glanced hat his collonal
	layer_6: which she aliged again since his suranity has men appointet youere axcellency setimmalcontimigally and the continually eturning to glanched at his colonel
	layer_8: which he alightd again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency seti marcantimigally and the continually eturning to glance at his colonel
	layer_10: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed our excellency set i molcantimically and the continually eturning to glance at his colonel
	layer_12: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed yur excellency set in molcantimically and the continually deturning to glance at his colonel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask  te peyr
	layer_4: why so aske f he per
	layer_6: why so ask the per
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the peer
	layer_12: why so ask the peer

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the yve was its prbeden
	layer_4: the ye was its porbeatden
	layer_6: the wy was its porbaden
	layer_8: thegh wi was its puobaden
	layer_10: the wy was its pobidan
	layer_12: the wy was its pobidon

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: ad small tans to hecjus the crractlly that o ea prenche mig te out qlankos as le had a largs hforses
	layer_4: ad smo lanck too hechuse the crorractaly that ha be french mighto outlankos as the had alarge forces
	layer_6: as smalnanckued too heat chused the correctaly that o the french might out flankas as they had a large forces
	layer_8: at smolnensk too heachuged the corectaly that of the french might outflankas as they had a large forces
	layer_10: as smonenske too heachugdh correctly that of the french might outflankas as they had large forces
	layer_12: as simonensk too heach uged correctly that of the french might outflank as as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the oldterdus to rechret and the oal oer affors in a lolsis woonte fore nothing
	layer_4: the oldered us to retreat and ol our affors in a lowsess wolndfor nothing
	layer_6: the oldered us toll retreat and al our affors in allowses woond for nothing
	layer_8: he ordered us tol retreat and all our effors an allowsest woon for nothing
	layer_10: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts an allowses woon for nothing
	layer_12: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and allowses woon for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: siol the a spen with farcly
	layer_4: silyto aspen with farklly
	layer_6: syly the aspin with farcly
	layer_8: silly the aspun with barkly
	layer_10: soly the aspin with farcly
	layer_12: soly the aspin with farcly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well rus on was well beforing er could serb her and te be as plan in a minte ser fu the sonasthesd in dangere shoinese one ouf er on ckn
	layer_4: well ruti on was well buforig heir could serbed her and e be a s glandin a miliser fut hot soon as shes in danger sheldnes one ouff her own kin
	layer_6: well rustian was well beforeing er could serve her and a beast glan in aminister but that soon as she s in danger she nese one off her own king
	layer_8: well rossian was well beforeing her couldsurbe her and ae beus glannin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she nes one of her own king
	layer_10: well russian was well beforeiner could serbe her and beos glanin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king
	layer_12: well rassian was well baforiner could serve her and beos glanin a minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and ve say his ascew whol comander te jing the puer
	layer_4: and teye say his a scel ful commendr e wejoing the per
	layer_6: and they say hi s a skillful commendr he bejoin the pur
	layer_8: and they say his a skilful commander he rejoined the peeur
	layer_10: and they say hs a skilful commander he rejoined the peer
	layer_12: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don' and ther stand  whathis mens by a scewpul commander he plid the prins ends u i rangeclan
	layer_4: i don't and deir stand what is mente by a scuefulcommander replied te perince enjo irogicli
	layer_6: i don't understand what is ment by a scuful commander replied the prince andru irogically
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skuwtful commander replied th prince andrew ironically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skuiful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skuful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u scierful commander replyd o pyr
	layer_4: a scel iful commander replyd e per
	layer_6: a scilifull commander replied the per
	layer_8: a skilful commander replied the peer
	layer_10: a skilful commander replied the peer
	layer_12: a skilful commander replied the peer

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: psurera lo c a the him eos uf prise
	layer_4: purea loke at the hamious of price
	layer_6: purat lokc ae the hemies of rice
	layer_8: pure lokce are the hemmiest of prict
	layer_10: pure loce are the hemius of phrist
	layer_12: purer loke are the hemius of prists

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yeds the savet ot the waris like a game of ches heremark
	layer_4: and the yet they saye that the warise like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_6: and the yets they sae that the warst like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_8: and  yets they say that the warists like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the war is like a game of chess he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralotirestresnth of pothes of toub conever beknons wor anyr one
	layer_4: the ralotiv sdrenth of botis of tube coannever beknowns for anyr one
	layer_6: the relative drength of thodies of trub can never be known tor any one
	layer_8: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to anyone
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of troop can never be known to anyone

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: suxcess memver de pands ad neera will de an on posision wer quevemen wr evano members and a least of aw on position bout oun what than
	layer_4: success memver de pens ad neverl willd de en on position where equevement were even no nembers and a least off au on position but oun what thaen
	layer_6: success nebver depencs and neveral willde en on position were equievement were even o nemburst and a least off all on position but onwhat then
	layer_8: success never depends and never will depen on position were equiavement were even annemburst and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equivement or even on members and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position wer equivement or even onmembers and at least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: on the firling that as in m and  hm hepointedt took domaluking and e issolzer
	layer_4: oun the filling that i sin me and e hin he pointed took hi malcing and  is solser
	layer_6: oun te filing that a sin me and ae hin he pointed took ti malking and e is sodier
	layer_8: an ufeiling that a sin me and e hin he pointed took to malking and e is soder
	layer_10: an the feling that as in me and e hin he pointed took to malking and e is soder
	layer_12: aun the feling that as in me and e hin he pointed took to malking and e is sodier

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the bado s wone by thosewho furimbly resouve tof wnants
	layer_4: the badto his one by those who firmly resouned o winats
	layer_6: the badte is wone by those who firmly resolned o weined
	layer_8: the bate is wone by those who firmly resolve win it
	layer_10: the batte is won by those who firmly resolved to win it
	layer_12: the batte is won by those who firmly resolve to win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: why then wibloes the bato and he ou sbol eirs
	layer_4: why then wilbos the battor and a ouse boeers
	layer_6: why the windows the batteer and the ouse boldnens
	layer_8: why the windows the batteer and the ousebolness
	layer_10: why the ildows the battler and the ouse boldness
	layer_12: why the ildows the battler and the ouce boldness

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: wef lous o sio lightust on andthe we wone
	layer_4: weth lows sol light us on andwe one
	layer_6: wef laused so light us on and we wone
	layer_8: wef laust so light us on and we wone
	layer_10: we last so light us won and we won
	layer_12: we laust so light us won and we won

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: bu tomoraow wre shno saads
	layer_4: but tomorra were hin sait
	layer_6: but to moro were shin sayis
	layer_8: but to morrow were shensayet
	layer_10: but to morrow were shen saet
	layer_12: but to morrow were shen sayet

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: but a wat a wai has to maral
	layer_4: but a what awit as tomoral
	layer_6: but a what a waite has to morro
	layer_8: but a wat a weit has to morrow
	layer_10: but awat a weight has to morrow
	layer_12: but awhat a weight has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the facktase that a tose man tt with whome you have riton wre ong the posision not only tdo know helt mathters bu the hinder
	layer_4: the factas that a those man tut with whome you have friden wee round the posision not only do now healp matters but the hindeer
	layer_6: the factast that at those man  with whome you have frihen eround the posision not only to nol help matters byt a hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that a those men with whom you have fredened round ta position not only to now help matters bu the hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that a those men with whom you have ride around tha position not only to now help matters but te hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that in those men with whom you have friden around tha position not only to now help matters but the hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: tase the trufh the real srof said to molkin
	layer_4: thas the truth the real trot said to mulcin
	layer_6: vas the truth the real trut said to mulkin
	layer_8: vaskt the truth the real truth said to malcin
	layer_10: tass the truth the real truth said to malkan
	layer_12: vasks the truth the real truth said to malkan

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: is now te dey for thit be say
	layer_4: its now the day for thout tey say
	layer_6: i's now the day for thut they say
	layer_8: i's now the day for thoy they say
	layer_10: is now the day for thoy they say
	layer_12: i's now the day for tho they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol wore sealend the olpiser strols
	layer_4: olw were sellend the alpacer rose
	layer_6: ah were sellend the alfphicersros
	layer_8: ow weresellend the officers rose
	layer_10: ow wersellend the officer srose
	layer_12: ow wersellend the officer srose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: theessus answer the prins end or absomtly
	layer_4: hees yees answere the prince enge or absenpfuly
	layer_6: yes yes answer the prince enge or absenhly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince enge r absenthly
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince enjr absenphly
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince enjur absenthly

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the franciustis stoie my hole ande aln ley woit of tdistoy mosicle they havp all th rist and oure oall t risone everymoments the armo anamins
	layer_4: the french es tis sthoyed my home and o only woidl ti story mosicl they haf out reast and our out risogly every moment the armo anemins
	layer_6: the french has detroyed my home and our only weid ou destroy morsicale they halve outrest and our outreasolme every moment termy animins
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and are only waidto destroy mosicl they have outristd and are outrisnly every moment there ou enemiles
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and are only way to destroy mosyco they have outrised and are outrason me every moment there mour enemies
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and are only way to destroy morsaco they have outrised and are outrason me every moment they re mour enemies

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: te mylpinibear oa ciminals
	layer_4: im my otina ber oll curiminals
	layer_6: im my opinia be ar all criminals
	layer_8: ind my aupenia beer ou criminals
	layer_10: in my alphinia beer owl criminals
	layer_12: in my alphinia beer owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so  thinks tomoalgy and the wholle armin
	layer_4: and so  thinks hi malci and the whole army
	layer_6: and so thinks to malci and the whole army
	layer_8: and so thinks tumalchy and the whole army
	layer_10: and so thinks tomalrchy and the whole army
	layer_12: and so ethinks tomalrchy and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sse the are my fose they can nol be my frinc weltheveermay hae b  sad edt a tusits
	layer_4: suse the are my fose they can nelth been my friends whilever may ha be sad at a telsit
	layer_6: seuse the are my fos they cannolt be my friends whatever may hav be sad at a teset
	layer_8: sis theye are my fols they cannot be my friends whatever may have beusad at a tucet
	layer_10: sis theye are my foles they cannot be my friends whatever may have bo sad at a tuset
	layer_12: sis they are my foles they cannot be my friends whatever may have bo sad at a tulset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yess botherde per locin woith shining eyes at ha prns anu
	layer_4: yesus materedhe per lokin with shining eye sat a prece andou
	layer_6: yes yus mattered per loac im with shining eye at a prince and yu
	layer_8: yes yes muttered piere loc him with shining eye at a prince anduw
	layer_10: yes yes muttered piere locim with shining eyes at a prince andrew
	layer_12: yes yes muttered pier locum with shining eyes at a prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the towlctoourt of e ros of ar of ivery ou folak of trost o mersy to te unfortine the inesa wong the fol rabir
	layer_4: the tawlk to ous of a ruse of oar of ivery ouf fllacs of tootse of mercy to the unfortinade anso long ti hou rabbise
	layer_6: the tak toas of erustdoh wor of civeri o plaxts of tuth of mercy to the unfortinat and so long its ou rabbis
	layer_8: the tak tas of arustof war of siverye of flax of truth of mercy to the unfortunaty and so long if ou rabbish
	layer_10: the tac toas of arustof war of civarie of flax of truth of mercy to the unfortunatand so long if thou rabbis
	layer_12: the tauc toas of arustof war of civarie of flacx of truth of mercy to the unfortunateand so long if thou rabbis

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plander ofther plevols holses eusu fous plaverun and a arstuf fiow the keil my chusden an the my father and dan towlk of ruseelf r and magnimites to fols
	layer_4: the plander of ther pepo's houses eu su felus plaver monny and a warstal ou they kill my chigren an he my father and ten towk off ruseelf r and magnimiteas to fols
	layer_6: the plander of their pepl's houses iusul fals  plaver monny and a warst el f oue they killed my children and e my father and dan talk off rueself ar and magnimitease to fos
	layer_8: the plander of the pipos houses isufasplavermonei and warst aff ou they kille my children and my father andden talckof rueself war and magnimites to fos
	layer_10: the plander of the pipos houses isu falsplevermanni and a warst afaw they killed my children and my father and dne talkoff rules self war and magnimities to foks
	layer_12: the plander of the piopos houses ishu falsplevermani and a warst afvow they killed my children and my father and dene talkoff ruleself war and magnimities to folks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: take no priconers by the kel and becol
	layer_4: take no priconers by the kil and be kild
	layer_6: take no priconers by the kel and be killed
	layer_8: take no prisoners by the keel and bekilled
	layer_10: take no prisoners by the keel and be killed
	layer_12: take no prisoners by the keel and be killed

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: prese endre who have falderde was all the slame to him whether wue not mousicgo was tagan as motans chade been wol so the gwayd chactng his spece bya an s pactyd te crambius thrgot
	layer_4: price endrew who have faute o was all the same to him whether werl not monsical was taken as mowlance cad teen woll sotha waia chackting his speech by a an spackt ted  crambyhs thruot
	layer_6: prince endrew who have fout ied was ou the same to him whether wear not mounsico was taken a s moulincs cad tin wil seddenly checkedin his spech by a an spacted crames throet
	layer_8: prince andrew who have fouldied was out the same to him whether wa not mousicoe was taken as mauelins catbin woe suddenly checkeding his speech by  anpected crams throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who haf falded wasaul the same to him whether or not mosico was taken as mauelan's cad been or suddenly checked in his speech byenpected crammes throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who haf falded was aul the same to him whether or not mosico was taken as mauvelan's had ben wor suddenly checked in his speech by enspected crambys throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: heu pasedtob and down of fhi you time s in silens bu the his eyes gletor  fhoerislly and the hisleves queebrd as ho begdins biking
	layer_4: he pased op and dun a few time sin silence but the his eyes gleter fivrishily and the his lefes queebered ask to begin stpeaking
	layer_6: he paced up and dumn a few time sin silence but t his eyes gleater fivorishly and the his leefs queeberd as to began speaking
	layer_8: he paiced up and dunb a few times s in silence but t his eycs gleater fevourishly and the his leeves queebered as the begin speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and dung a few times in silence but the hiss eys glittere fevorishly and the hiss leaves quevered as the begin speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and dung a few times in silence but the hiss eys glitter fevorishly and the hiss leaves quevered as to begin speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the one there was  a or  like this one i be ror
	layer_4: and the one there was sa ore a like this one ito be a war
	layer_6: and the ine there was the ware like this one it be awar
	layer_8: and the one there was the war like this one itould be a war
	layer_10: and the one there was a war like this one it would be a war
	layer_12: and the one there was a war like this one it would be a war

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: wha this meaded the four succisd on re far
	layer_4: wha this neted the fore succised in warfare
	layer_6: wha this nede befor succisin warfar
	layer_8: what this needed before suxcising warfayre
	layer_10: what is needed afore succising warfare
	layer_12: what is needed afore succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: and us pyt oufolul tis it is the highus the class respeckted the by evry one
	layer_4: ond usesbitde oulf oul this it is the high est the closs respecte tho by every one
	layer_6: inuse spite al faulo this it is the highast the class respected to by everyone
	layer_8: i e youe spite all fowlo this it is the highest the class respected to by everyone
	layer_10: an nyou spyteall follw this it is the highest the class respected by everyone
	layer_12: a you spyteall follow this it is the highest the class respected t by everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hol do scod a bo lok a thenm an  hear tem
	layer_4: ho dha skot above lok at them and hear den
	layer_6: hodo skud abav loca them and here then
	layer_8: hado skud abauv lok a them and hear then
	layer_10: hodo skudabab looka them and hear ten
	layer_12: hodo skudabab lookat them and hear then

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seev that i hav pegan tho ontheir stand to mut
	layer_4: i seed that i have began to enderstand to much
	layer_6: i seeved that a i have began to enderstand tomuch
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the dousen doformen of paset of the tree of knwlese r cood en heble ah whe i this now fourlong he addit
	layer_4: and hey doesin tol for ment of cased of the tree of knowlege or good hin eble ah well it isnow fourlong he addetd
	layer_6: and ta doezen tool for men hove casted of the tree of knowledge o good andble ah well it is nowetd foralong he added
	layer_8: and a dozen tool for men have caste of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is nowed for along he added
	layer_10: and a dozen tol for men have taste of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is nowbefore long he added
	layer_12: and a dozen tooel for men have taste of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now before long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho ever yourslllapy and this time flar medistlyp
	layer_4: however yoeures ilepy and this time for mejusle
	layer_6: however yeurst blefy and this time for mejiusleep
	layer_8: however yeurs belief he and this time for me josleep
	layer_10: however youselef he and this time for mejo sleep
	layer_12: however youspelief he and this time for me jo sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: go back to gortu saidthe prhis andr a suthea
	layer_4: go back to gorku said the preced endr o sutdenla
	layer_6: go back to gorkhi said the prinset endro suddenly
	layer_8: go back to gorchy said the princet andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gorki said the prince androw suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gorki said e prince androw suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go gold before bad o one mast e  wone solypowtf retped princ enje
	layer_4: go goled before badoe one must af  one solepowtd wipid prince enje
	layer_6: go gold before a battle one must hae one soleipouh repid princed anjel
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must hae one slep outh repie prince andel
	layer_10: go gold before battle one must have one sleephil repid prince andrew
	layer_12: go gold before battle one must have one sleephil repitd prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: no he d hus molt wante psur cone cdeid
	layer_4: no he dus mout want e pure come cooded
	layer_6: no he dost mouth want id pure come colded
	layer_8: no he does nmot want im peer concoded
	layer_10: no he does mouth want im perre concoded
	layer_12: no he does mouth want it pierre concolded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i now thot the thisis  oure were last te meton
	layer_4: and i know hather thisits oue re last the meting
	layer_6: and i know thater thise is au re las tomeeting
	layer_8: and i know that this ist a were last ta meeting
	layer_10: and i know that thisist a werelast o meeting
	layer_12: and i know that thisis o werelast a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one pictheurslecceeded a other se magination
	layer_4: one pic erselixcited anmother esse magination
	layer_6: one picthursluck seuted amother insi magination
	layer_8: one picture slec cuted aother inshiimagination
	layer_10: one picture slic suited another in his imagination
	layer_12: one picture slic suited another in his imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i one o them he heiad drwelshlong and ha shorfulad
	layer_4: i one o them heid dweldse along and a shureful id
	layer_6: i one off them h  dweld along and ashure ful it
	layer_8: i wone of them he had dwelt along and asure full it
	layer_10: y won of them he hd dwelt along and asure fulled
	layer_12: by won of them he had dwelt along and asure fulled

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his caret is get jon l go mad wit jellisy o foe inepolectic fite alraive his stiricaly
	layer_4: his caract is get dron will go made with jealusy er full inipolectic fits al rave histirically
	layer_6: his characters get drank will go mad with jealousy ere fall en ipollectic fits all rave hystirically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk ill go mad with jealousy arl fall in epolectic fits oll rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk ol go mad with jealousy or fall in epolectic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epolectic fits or rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tosair sky had had less vision he wouldhve been stringer
	layer_4: if torsar ski had had less vision he would hae been strinver
	layer_6: if darseski had had less vision he would have been strinvurb
	layer_8: if darcyrski had had less vision he would have been strynverg
	layer_10: if darsayski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_12: if darsayski had had less vision he would have been strinberg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lck them he as noflaste tortu
	layer_4: lack them he is anovlist of torture
	layer_6: lik them he is inevalest of torture
	layer_8: lik them he is a novilist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: ser im wit the lost of cruelty helust od tie struction fitistruction sake is the moist conspeacuous of the deadly seens and dusrskis man an women
	layer_4: sirtaain with the last of crueltyd the lost to destruction vi destructi ans sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dostasgis man and women
	layer_6: certain with the last of cruelti he lost a destruction fer destructions sake is the most conspicuous of the deadley sins and dustaskis men and women
	layer_8: certain with the lost of cruelty the lost e destruction ofoe destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosaski's men and women
	layer_10: certain with the lust of cruelty that lost e destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseeskis men and women
	layer_12: certain with the lust of cruelty that lost e destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseeskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: he may not bhey a crel aser
	layer_4: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel orso
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever ind bellance theyaeawasn din and icr qonflis
	layer_4: but they an never in belance they ae always in diman ichal quontlecs
	layer_6: but they arenever inbelance they are always in demon ichaol comflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in deminichal conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in deminical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: even the lost his neverl  hardlyevar the lost of ta more a less sayne man
	layer_4: even the lost is never  hadlever the lost of a more arless saine man
	layer_6: even the lost is never o hadlyevi the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_8: even the lost is never o hardly evl the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is never o hardlyever the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never o hardlyever the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: tdhoustair skhe could not have the squribd the sin ef nectlitol in redirrection
	layer_4: dostaisky could not have thescribe the sin of nechlidove in reserection
	layer_6: doseski could not have describe the soin of nekladov in resirection
	layer_8: dosersky could not have described the soen of nekhladov in resirection
	layer_10: doserski could not have described the sine of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: dassterski could not have described the scine of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: this is a madhoulse crissom oneintheeatis
	layer_4: this is a madhouse crised som one in the itius
	layer_6: this is a mad house cris some one indtheidiaus
	layer_8: this is a madhouse cries some one in theidias
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries some one in theideas
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in theideas

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: when resoult of thise is an mo ta picity afaction
	layer_4: won result of this is a mot o plicity of action
	layer_6: one result ef this is a morteplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a multiplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven he tak is o actioncs molre tan o wby des
	layer_4: even a tal his ov actionsmore than o bydeas
	layer_6: even a talk his ov actions more than o videas
	layer_8: even a talk his of actions more than o ideas
	layer_10: even a talk is of actions more than ol ideas
	layer_12: even a talk is of actions more than oll ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he saw hs villelan dds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_4: he sow his wiolent dads not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he saw hs violent deds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent dades not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notuis during this los to days that the othr was wari the silvil watch auny yello bey chaine wich e seems not to have see on un beforl
	layer_4: but one had notice during this lost two days that the other was wearing a silverl watch una yellowr bid chain which es seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_6: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which his seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which hi seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he took a nigh and when hi's friend tod ternd away he approrsed im coutiously from behind tookame trned his eyes heaven woods crost himsilf and praying fervently god fogivene for cras sake
	layer_4: he took e nife and when his friend ha terned away he approrsed himcautiously from behind took ame turned his eyes heaven woards crossed himsilf and praying fervantly god forgiveme for crisst sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend thad turned away he approced him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took am turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: e never paints everymen heaways progext s tous toarve skhy or a not mara dosto ave sky
	layer_4: he never paints every man he always projects dos tohavf ski or a not marre dos to havsky
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projectsd os toevsky or a night mariofe dos toheavbsky
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a knight mar of dostahevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dostayevski or a nightmare of dostahevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dostayevski or a nightmare of dostezevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crimin pnitiment belongs to a lowerrainge if fiction than anecprrenena o fathers an sons
	layer_4: that is whie crime an punishment belungs to a lower range of fiction than anic arenina o father's and sons
	layer_6: that is whye crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than ennecarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than annecerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna corenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna corenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: we sim pethis in dad with the fears the brevoto thet despar tat suc ceevd te qrim
	layer_4: we simpethise inded with the fears the bravidow tha despa that succeived the crim
	layer_6: we sympathas indeeed with the fears the bravado the despare that succeeded the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeeded the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brivado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brivado the despair that succeeds the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotesk made alive by sheremagonitiveveen tenseity in passion
	layer_4: he is a grotesk made alive by she remaginatave in tensity an passion
	layer_6: he is a grotesque made alive by she rimaginative intensity and passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: won does not gridgeenat a s ten avenomble carccyir o to
	layer_4: onedoes not gradunartis in avnorble caractyurl to
	layer_6: one does not gradgeanartis ind abnorbal character or two
	layer_8: one does not grudge anartis in abnormble character or two
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artis in abnormal character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artis in abnormal character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he envents visiou s grates as s dickens advence comit gritists
	layer_4: he invence vicious greates has dickens advente comit gritests
	layer_6: he invence vicious grotes as dickons advenced comit gratists
	layer_8: he inventsd vicious groteste as dickons advence comec gratests
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotesques as dickons advance comet grotests
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotesques as dickons advance comec grotests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning caxts and burying them with great cermany
	layer_4: was very forned of haning cacts and varying them with great ceremany
	layer_6: was very formed of hanying cacks and barying them with great ceremony
	layer_8: was very fond of hanging cats and barying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as for the caramas oves the solves he petrasd the old father in the olders of his sons hatin aach other and fighting licke breto manyiex
	layer_4: as for the caramis oves them selves he patrase the old father and the olderst of his sons hatyn ech other and fighting like breutl maniex
	layer_6: as for the karamas oves them selves he betraved the old father and the oldest of his sons hatyng each other and fighting like brutamaniax
	layer_8: as for the karamazoes themselves he betrayced the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniacs
	layer_10: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_12: as for the karamazoves themselves he betrayes the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: serve him right shated t me tu breselessly
	layer_4: serv him right shaed the mitou breselessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted the mitru brestlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demitru breastlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmitriu breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmitriu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r hadn't kilting or com again and kill him
	layer_4: if a han't kilding o'r com again and kill him
	layer_6: if i hadn't killed himg or come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haden't killed him or come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: t isesy to se whi dostard sge has be come ar pokila orter
	layer_4: it is easy to see why dus teed ski has become a popular auther
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dustetski has become a popular author
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dusteyrski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dustererntski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dusterenski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no meledon metest evey pordout incident upon the stage fr ond such a horn of plenty
	layer_4: no meladamitist ever pord out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_6: no melogametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melodramotist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no melodramotist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodramotist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: dustairscese always ready to show sthe molin ant oncs
	layer_4: dostaskys always ready to show the more linat once
	layer_6: dosterskys always ready to show themore in at once
	layer_8: dosterskiis always ready to show them more lin at once
	layer_10: dosteyryski is always ready to show them mor lin at once
	layer_12: dosteyryski is always ready to show them more lin at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two oposite paguers of the dii one finds the follow inclarct is broughtin by name general epanchion prince s at alaiydar ive novna lizivettr proclfhe ona ye hove gaany pove lovevict re don sky princess beal quonseky ea glaya prince mish kan collur e volgen e plelit va ferdis shenke nistaurse phl a povena nena elets en jovtar gonya tison an genera i vogen
	layer_4: on two opporsite pagjes of the idiot one fines the follow inclaract as brought in by name general apansone prince es adalade evenovne lizivetter prockophiadnor he have gainy pov lovich redonski princess bealequonskiy a glaya prince mishican collar evolgan ipoelid vlia fadih chenko nestarce filopovne nena elexsengeovne gonia tistin an general ivogan
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the followeng clharactirs brought in by name general aparnton prince s ede lade ivenovna liza vetta prokophiadna he have gueney pevlovitch redonski princess bilelokuonski a gleya prince mishcin coliea evolgan ippolid valyo fadihshenco nestarcia pilapovna nina eleanjovna gonia tiston end general e olgan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following clharacters brought in by name general opathon prince s adilayda ivanovna lizibetta prokophiedna yvgeni pavlovitch redonsky princess pilelakonski aglaea prince mishkin calya ivolgan ippalid valyo fer deshanko nastasa philapovna nina alexanjovna ganya tisin n general ivolgan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapanciin prince es adilaeda ivanovna lizivetta prokofievna yievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bilelakuonski eglaea prince mischkin callia ivolgan ippolid vallyo ferdishenko nastasia pilipovna nina alexandrovna gona tisttin n general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general lapancin prince es adalada ivanovna lizivetta prokofievna yevgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bilelakwonski eglaa prince mischkin calla ivolgan ippolid valyo ferdishenko nastasia filipovna nina alexandrovna gona tiztin n general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa crd av dusteaare s kus appel i somtning more than the mostithud an threl of hi sinsidencs an chractes
	layer_4: but the sacred of dostasgis appeal is sompthing more than the motitude end threel of his insidence and charactas
	layer_6: but the sacret of doster skizzappeal is something more than the multitude and thril of his incidente and characters
	layer_8: but the sacred of doster skis appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the sacred of dosterskis appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the sacred of dosterskis's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: miste mar bodly faces r di fiquity ind attemps tidefinition
	layer_4: mister mariboldly faces the diffiquity and attempts the definition
	layer_6: mister marrie boldly faces e diffiquity and attempt to definition
	layer_8: mister marriboldly faces ef difficulty and attempts ta definition
	layer_10: mister murriboldley faces he difficulty and attempts a definition
	layer_12: mister murriboldley faces he difficulty and attempts a definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to himr tusirsk hs worok is the recortof a great min seeking for a way ofd li it is mores han a reckourt of a struggle it is ve struggle it self
	layer_4: to him doser sk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for away of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is vhestruggle itself
	layer_6: to hym dosesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him doseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him toseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and those voices take shay e ancertiant unforgetable fragaense of dilog thet have in spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly meain taven sart in suraunding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take shae in certan unforgetable fragmence of dylog that have been spokene by one spirit to another in some ugly me in taven serta in surrounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragents of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: ultimetely they othe creation snot hem a man whe desiae tuod be but of a spirit whuch sorht o kno
	layer_4: altimately they arether creations not am aman who desied to be but of a spirit which sort to know
	layer_6: ultimately they are the creations not anm a man who desired to be but of a spirit wohulch sought to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not afm a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desireds to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: becaussaye possessd they a no long of man and wimen
	layer_4: because ey e possessed they are no longer man and women
	layer_6: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: this is allin a meag true
	layer_4: this is all in ameajure tru
	layer_6: this is all in ameasure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sa thios is not te denie the spirch a content of dusheyras is work the enguish of the imprisen soul as at batls with dout indoe nil n disper
	layer_4: to say this is not to deny the spirch a content of dosteesk is work the anguish of the imprison soul as at battles with dout and aniale and despair
	layer_6: to say this is not to deny the spiuitar content of dosesk his work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battles with doubt and deniale and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit ae content of dosteeskis work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirituar content of dosteesk's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirituar content of dosteyesk's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: therys and dusy aske a suggestion of caly ben trying ti d iscover some betted god than eo tables
	layer_4: ther eais in doseesky a suggestion of calouban trying to iscover some better god thand sto tables
	layer_6: there is in doseesky a suggestion of calouban trying to discover some better gord than sir tables
	layer_8: there is in doseesky a suggestion of calyban trying to discover some better god than sir tables
	layer_10: there is in dorseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sir tables
	layer_12: there is in dorseyeski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better god than sir tables

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ol tman attituted dustaea sky is ws christion es the apossol petes lorda eleve helpe theuw myd umbelief
	layer_4: the altimante adtituded dustoe skiy is as christian as the aposal petes lo rd i believe helpd thouwr mi e un belief
	layer_6: the ultimate attitude of dusteesky is as christian as the apossil peters lord i believe help thou mighe uwnbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dusteyeski is as christian as the apostl peters lord i believe help thou might unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteyeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteyeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and beyong the dak nat have soferi anddisupating the night thustair ske stll seas the light f christiing compassion
	layer_4: and beyond the dark niht hae sufering and disipating the knight thuta ski still seais the light of christian compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and discipating the night daseski still seeis the light of christian compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night doseski still seese the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night doseski still seis the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night goseski still seise the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: tor iven by the compassion of othes lik prince mishkan in the adias
	layer_4: thoraven by the compassion of others lice princemiscan in the idiat
	layer_6: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_8: ou're even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work oluck his face brs the mak of this terible contlet
	layer_4: his work luck his face burs the mark of this terrible compflet
	layer_6: his work like his face bars the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_8: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novels o the perfrect emmug et te man
	layer_4: the novels of the perfect imege s e man
	layer_6: the novles are the perfect imagits e man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect image ets of man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect imagees of man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect images of man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as or the man himself the recomptediv lgay descuribded him as his sawthing in the lastears of his life
	layer_4: as to the man himself the ecomptadivul gey described him as his saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecomtadiealgey described him as hos saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomete de volge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomte de de valguey described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte de de valguey described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begame excited on a setaind point wene could hav sworn that one ad sening befor si to an a bention a polececot awaiting chril or a mong baga bloancehe possd thet time begging before the prison doos
	layer_4: when he begame excisted on a sertain point whon could have sworn that one had seining before sea ted n abention a poliacedcout awaiting trial or among bagablonce e pass ther time begging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excisted on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seening before seated on a bencion a policed court awaiting trial or among bagablonc whe passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police cout awaiting trial or among bagabons whe passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at allo ter times whe caurry that look of sard and gentle makness sen on the meges of old sthe vonteecx cans
	layer_4: ad al ovher times who carryed that look of seird and gentle makness seine on the mages of olds the vonicx caints
	layer_6: at allother times who carried that look of serd and gentle meekness sen on the images of olds the vonic saints
	layer_8: at all other times whe carryed that look of sud and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavanic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavanic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stavonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thuas apporturud of the man one sasd the hind u saers kus nols e porthu it ene might lmo s heven fired from the nobles
	layer_4: thass apportud of the man one seas the hind osta scus novls apporthit ene might almos have in fed from the novles
	layer_6: that is a portaide of the man one sees bhe hind osa osckies novels a porthit one might almost have infered from the nobeles
	layer_8: that is a portrit of the man one sees behind asteski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind orsteski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the mayn one sees behind orsteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a pegi that it once fasinahtes end re pes
	layer_4: it is a figi at it once facinates andry pels
	layer_6: it is a figr that at once facinates andrepels
	layer_8: it is a figure that at once fascinates andrepells
	layer_10: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repells
	layer_12: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repells

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he is not by temppryment to singa
	layer_4: he is not by temprement ta singa
	layer_6: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperament to singar
	layer_10: he is not by temperament a singar
	layer_12: he is not by tempernament a singar

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: his masacus a stirl smol  oice unevenly match to gaess his consciousness of midnit an stal
	layer_4: his masac us a still smol f oice un evenly matched togaenst his consciousness of midnot and stol
	layer_6: his masice is a still small oice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stolle
	layer_8: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stole
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unadenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stole
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unadenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stole

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: thrth to tell mister hardye s nei thi sufficiently articulit nor sufficiently fisitius to be a great poit
	layer_4: truth to tell mister harty as ne the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidius to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hargdy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: hi does not express liufe asily inbeuti fur word sr an emages
	layer_4: he does not expressed life asily in beautiful words are an images
	layer_6: he does not expressd life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thus he wrigtsein a found her atte of one who
	layer_4: thus he wrighte sin i found her ather of one ho
	layer_6: thus he writesen i found her apthere of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could not  an ugly and mire presaacoutd sudguration ths comtained in th mygeinte last lon
	layer_4: they could not be an ugly and milel preseiecould sudgeration then e contained in the image in the last lan
	layer_6: there could not be an ugly and will prosai coud sageration then is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_8: there could not be an ugly and will prosaia good saduration than is contained in the image in the last lion
	layer_10: there could not be an uglyer and more presaya good saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more presaya good saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and pros on truds ind the ters of wards as well ars an imiters
	layer_4: and prosan drueds in the tos of words as well ars and imiteres
	layer_6: and prozan jruds in the chost of words as well as an images
	layer_8: and prosan drudes in the choicte of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prosan drudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prosan drudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take for xemple the sethe word domesild in the passage in the same paom att
	layer_4: take for example the us onc the word domasild in the passage in the same polem adhatk
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domicild in the passage in the same palem madack
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same pole madac
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same polm adac
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same polm adac

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when wes strangers sourght ther cater in car veld smileds be spoke ther thougt of what we wer
	layer_4: when we as stranges sougt their cator ind care vaild smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_6: when we has strangers sought their cator ind care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when we who strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we whos strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we whos strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care s and a palling fras
	layer_4: catering care is an a palling frase
	layer_6: katering care is an a palling phrase
	layer_8: kater in care is an appalling phrase
	layer_10: kater and care is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: kater and care is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is a lin of gaodpoity
	layer_4: is a line of gaod polity
	layer_6: is a line of good polity
	layer_8: is a line of good polity
	layer_10: is a line of good polity
	layer_12: is a line of good polity

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yoe did not come and muhing time ew on and wal me nomn yet los fe losto yodya presence their then hat i tustfand lacking inyou make that high compassion which canover eire wey locdance for pure loving kindess sake greeve diy when his the her baur stroat id som ye did not come
	layer_4: you did not come and maching time rew on and war me num yet los fhor los of your dear presente there than that i thas fand lacking in your make that highecompassion which can over there re luctance for pur loving kindness sake grieved i when is the hoeoua strothed it sum you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drewon and war me numb yet los for los of your dear presence there then that i thus foun lacking in your make that highr compassion which can over bere reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griev i when is the hopeou stroked it sum yoeu did not come
	layer_8: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet los for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieb i when as the hopeowr stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and ware me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griebed i when as the hopeow stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake griebed i when as the hope ow stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hins of the granstil ofly rit potry in thes lins but frases luck inyou make and is the hope aur strkd ed some a discos thet briat tumbling to the liveles of ittor and commontlace
	layer_4: ther ae hins of the grand sdyle of liric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in yol make and as the hope ol struked it sum a discowds that brat tumbling to the levels of ic toriand commontlice
	layer_6: there arehints of the grand style of liric poetry ind these lines but phrases lucke inyou make and as the hope au stroked it sum are discores that bragt tumbling to the levels of victorian common place
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases lack in  make and as the hope or stroked its sum are discords that brig t tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases lack in nyor make and as the hope ala stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases lack in yor make and as the hope ala stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has at temperement sensitivt beyong that of aolbut a fewroratent rigtes to the pain impassion of human bengs
	layer_4: he has attemperments sensitive beyon thut of ollbut a fewracent rites to the payn impassion of human beings
	layer_6: he has a temperaments sensitive beyond that of allbut a few recent writes to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of allbut a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: one cand remember pallm of to palm of his with ha teme that might asily have seurveds for mister hardy two late christeno the lost mistress the last rid together the stathu in the bust to name affew
	layer_4: one can remember pam of ter polem of his with a themed that might easily have served for mister harty two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stactu in the bust to name a few
	layer_6: one can remember paem after polem of his with a stheme that might easily have served for mister harty two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statuin the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name afew
	layer_10: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whoddis sens of chiump their ies and brownnins thriageties
	layer_4: but whaticence of chiump there is and brownings trageties
	layer_6: but what a sence of chiump there is an brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his wolld as a placeof opulence not a povity
	layer_4: his wold as a place of opulence not opovety
	layer_6: his world is a place of opulence not af poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: to have lobdivden for an all is with bronning to live foreverafter in heanheritence o e might achevement
	layer_4: to have lobdliden for an al is with brownning to lived forever after in the inheritance of a mighty echevement
	layer_6: to have lobe iven for an holr is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_8: to have loved even for an hour iswith browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour isworthbowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour isworth bonning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: to ave loed for an our isind mis te hirtes amegination to have dapened the sadeness even more than the bety of once memoris
	layer_4: to have loved for an our is and mister harhies imagination to have depend dhe sadness even more than the beauty of one'e memorious
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister harhdy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then eiy undistressd by hearts gron coled to me could lonly waigt my and des rest with har cwoinimity
	layer_4: for then y undistressed by hearts growng cold to me could lenly wrait my ndlhes rest with their cuenimity
	layer_6: for then i undistressed by heart's growng cold to me could leornly wat my endlers rest with their cuanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wat my endless rest with their cuanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growng cold to me could lonely wate my endless rest with therquanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wate my endless rest with therquanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but time to make me grieve pat stills let's part a bid and shakes this fego fraym at eve wi throbbings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me grieve part stills lets part e bid and shakes this fajo frame ant eave with throbbings of nontod
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fajo frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fagel frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fagaul frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels lets part abide and shakes this fagaux frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and dispearis by no mens tiunftanc in wad has perhaps the moste thactyv o al mysto hard is ponms the okson
	layer_4: and despairies by no means triunphant in whod is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hard is palms the oxon
	layer_6: and despairies by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister harres palems the oxen
	layer_8: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardey's poems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardey's poems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardey's poems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: ou pituhould tha meke mil cretes whar they dril ton this dory pan no did it ae par to one of usther to doubt ther we nealing then
	layer_4: you pitcturd the mek mile creatuecs where they dweal t in thirs dory pen nor didit a perto one of os ther to darbt theye were nearling then
	layer_6: you pictured the meik miled creatures where they drelt in theirs tory pen nor did 't appar to one of us there to daubt theye were kneeling then
	layer_8: hepictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meter fath hillivl orother of deligt in the memory of faith his not mis teo hod his prvairli mod
	layer_4: the mote faith hoever o rather of delight in the memory a faith his not mister hot is preveiling mood
	layer_6: the mot of faith hoever or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hade's prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mod of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he caln enterpon a wal wit thot iroanyqoald duxs thas we see in the some men he much away
	layer_4: he can enterupon a warl withthat iruniquad docks as we see in the sun men whu much away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wall with that aronicoad ducks as we see in the sum men whomarched away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall with that ironicr ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall with that ironical ducks as we see in the sumg men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall with thot ironical ducks as we see in the sung men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: hor long he crie in apom raiten some mas ago
	layer_4: how long he cries in a pon rit an some munse ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a polm ritten some as ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when t of the sane softe puolities were o wy jdram have sway anaach proud land and paturled his im grown godlack scong hesdand bon slaved o riolms but sicl erthtand seae
	layer_4: when tol the sanu softov polities where awe dream have sway in each proud land and paturaed his en grwing gordlack scone dostand bon slaved a roams but circle earth and seahs
	layer_6: when thall the saners softof polities where al vwe dream have sway in each proud land and patrod hism growing godlak scorn to stand bond slaved o realms but circl earth and seas
	layer_8: when thall the seno's softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patrotism growin godlack scornd to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the seinas softer polities whereal we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlake scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the seinas softer polities whereall we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlacke scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his caratoristigatiched to wars to be found not in lnes lice les but in that mel ancally pame the sols ofs the slaine in which the solvs of the ded solges returnd to their country and question a seenioausoflaim wisto hawe heir friends iandrvelities havf kept the doty dads in rmemberances
	layer_4: but perhaps his caracteristic attitede to wars to be found not in linds like these but in that melancoy polem the soules of the slain in which the soules of the ded soldiers returnd to thir country and question a seniar so flame was tor haw their friends and relities have kept their dobty deds in remembrance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholypalm the souls of the slain in which the soulves of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question esenia so flame is to how their friends and rvelities have kept their doubty deeds in remembrance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question asenia sol flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtyed deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country an question asina soulflame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country in question assena soulflame as to how their friends and reloties have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gener heolr hod out er sweet harts swon loil is dos
	layer_4: and genral how hold out ou sweet hearts swon loyl as does
	layer_6: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyl as dovges
	layer_8: and general hol hold out our sweethearts swoorn loyal as doves
	layer_10: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some fikl iand fletharts a frundther new loes
	layer_4: some ficle and fleet hearts a fond them new lowves
	layer_6: some fickle and fleet hearts ave found them new loves
	layer_8: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wivs quithen other resonedly dill dhayon ai degs
	layer_4: and i wives quith an other resonedly dol they on oudedgs
	layer_6: and ou wives quit another resonedly dol dey on ou deeds
	layer_8: and aur wives quothe another resignedly doe they on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dolle they on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dole they on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: eu s te hody has too bed her asens of reality to belevd much in the glory of fal
	layer_4: iste haty has too beter assense of reality to believde much in the glory of wal
	layer_6: miste haghy has too bitter a sense of reality to believd much in the glory of wa
	layer_8: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardey has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the vrerwell to mister hordy is the wod of an tient human things in which ware has come to be hitious e relivence
	layer_4: the vewerlld to mister harty is the wold of encient human things in which war hs come to be a hidius relivance
	layer_6: the reawold to mister hardy is the word of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_8: the rarworld to mister hardey is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_10: the reare world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: it maby towght ond the oer hend that misteo had is polnds bout a and no more ekxpressev of chrugit fea tiity that his paons about love
	layer_4: it may be thought on the ovher hand that mister hard is palns about walr a no more expressive of tragic futility that his pons about love
	layer_6: it maybe thought on the other hand that mister hades pans about wal an no more expressive of tragic futility that his pans about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's pons about wa and no more expressive of tragic futility thant his pons about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hadey's poms about war aned no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's poms about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: itiolite an fastroation at ever rycaryi teems and both
	layer_4: htility and frustration a ever recari tsheems and both
	layer_6: hatility and frustration ar ever recuary sheemes and both
	layer_8: futility and frustration art ever requaring shemes and both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever requarry themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever requarry themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovers lick his solges wruting te graed de fated of their gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack his soldies rut ing the gra defated of their gory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wroutting the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers rottin the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers rott in the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers rott in the gray defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: love es a always seved brothinlife antin det
	layer_4: love as a always seved both in life and indeath
	layer_6: loveas are always seved bothin life and ind death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in be on he last tanpk we have the same monfur cry ov ther severence
	layer_4: in beyon delast thamp we have the same monful cri ovher severence
	layer_6: in beyondher last vamp we have the same mounful cry over severance
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severants
	layer_10: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade of pinycu a tre o towe while earthenjus wee fore an my mound and bith in the al steal un toys one roben nevr hort a to green covagos
	layer_4: no shade of pinnicol e tree o tower while earth an ges wll fare and my mound and with in the ara steall unto yrs one roubin never hournt are two green covertes
	layer_6: no shade of pinnicol o tree or tower while earth in deurs will fol an my mound and within the houlis steel unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_8: no shade of pinnacle a tree or tower while earth endurs will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_10: no shade of pinnacle o tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_12: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they bring us faced to face with an expirence intensr than ot oun
	layer_4: they bring has face to face with an experience intensevf than ot own
	layer_6: they bring his faced to face with an experience intensive thant our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nogting hof tinious werth hove i rougtupontded pland no on thing asking blaml prays sicsthe parl cork s uc birth of thistirnal unit bearing blank sinal its rays dellist of del he days
	layer_4: nothing of tinius borth have o rought upondered planed no un thing asking blamal prais since the pale courks ike birth of thisdiinal unit bearing blank sinale ats rays delust of dulehurd days
	layer_6: nothing of tinius worth have ivewrought upondeed planed no one thing asking blame alr prais since the pal cok like birth of this dinal unit bearing blank in all its rayse delist of dlihured dayse
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest wirth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pel corx like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse delest of dolehured dayse
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corklike birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rayse dullest of dolecued dayse
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corxlike birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dolecued dayse

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in bone coner of the litlerom can it forbs squated upone obengh bwithtan emty pin books hasd carlesly in his lap
	layer_4: in bone coner of the little room can ith forbs squated upon a bench with an emcty pinebox has carelessly in his lap
	layer_6: in bone corner of the little room cennith fobes squartted upon a pench with an ampty pine box has carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkon wlooked the boy was busy with his pense but neither had spoken for a tes a half a
	layer_4: whil dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pensed but neither had spoken for atlesd a half aur
	layer_6: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half a
	layer_8: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half houf
	layer_10: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then driding sloly up the head e bodo droad his tru bers once more asal him and he oneded of there was not some pwhat upon the brogd a to which he cold li ror atiaind andte the grs had left en must fr cood
	layer_4: then riding slowly up the heade poder droad his trubers once more a saile him and he wondered of there was not somes pqat upon the broud art to which he could fly or a tiament untl the girds had left enmust forgood
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the headge podor road his trubblrs once more assail him and he wondered if there was not some sport upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tiraeent until the girls had left elmirset for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge spordered road his trubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retyremant until the girls had left elmeurst for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge podered road his troubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retyremant until the girls had left elmhust for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge podered road his troubbles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retyremant until the girls had left elmhust for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: no ra shide and he looked apto discovher lhat he had nea ly dun down up pe des ian astoutl attho man wth a bond lunder his am who heald up one hand as if to wat est him
	layer_4: no rarshide and he looked upt o dhiscover let he had nealy rundown ap pidestrian astoutlittle man with a bundleunder his arm who held up one hand as ifto war rest him
	layer_6: no rashiede and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stoubt little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to werressd him
	layer_8: nora shid and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedastrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to worressd him
	layer_10: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to porest him
	layer_12: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrion a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to porest him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: beeyu wonte hl aked the boy
	layer_4: verdry wont to call asked the boy
	layer_6: wver y want to all asked the boy
	layer_8: wher do you want to call asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to call asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to call asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same jan ais evear he lesponded with e shake of his grisitltd heatd
	layer_4: thet is the same jane is ever he lesponded with ha shake of his grisitled head
	layer_6: that is the same jane has ever he responded wath a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dhe no i snt a horp she te form and i' beglad ase hear agaim thy to me she's goe money
	layer_4: dheyoukno i sont a horp she tre formed and i' bin lad ase her again thetill me sh's got money
	layer_6: dyou knonw i sawn a hop she  reformed and i'd big lad as e her again teytel me she's got money
	layer_8: d you know i san a hope she' preformed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i sawn a hope she's performed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i sawn a hope she's performed and i'd big glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antans rice anten
	layer_4: ant ns rich anti
	layer_6: antn's rich anten
	layer_8: auntne's rich auntine
	layer_10: aunt jane's rich aunjane
	layer_12: aunt jane's rich aunt jane

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: eor the monquickly what u name ain
	layer_4: ecord the man crickly whath you nameslane
	layer_6: ecord the man qrickly whut you name land
	layer_8: ehoed the man quickly wut your name lad
	layer_10: echoed the man quickly wut your names lad
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly wut your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don't my gos i dickit
	layer_4: don't my gorse i dickit
	layer_6: don't my girs i dick et
	layer_8: don't my girls i dacke it
	layer_10: don't my girls i take it
	layer_12: don't my girls i take it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: another lornase then the boy suddntly terned queshd now
	layer_4: aneoither lawn oays then the boy suddenly tuned questino
	layer_6: another lowng poas then the boy suddenly turned questione
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionag
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioning
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioning

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: youd now on batmiss maric ser
	layer_4: you know on ut miss maric sir
	layer_6: you know un t miss meik sir
	layer_8: you know on miss meric sir
	layer_10: you know an miss merrick sir
	layer_12: you know an miss merrick sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a usto when mebrboet youngther
	layer_4: a usto when me beboth younger
	layer_6: i u stope when we beboth younger
	layer_8: i usto when we were both younger
	layer_10: i usto when we were both younger
	layer_12: i usto when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan it stoppd shot and the mastopped and le litte man whith a wom e goot s mialat the boyse as danishment aserstop
	layer_4: gan it stopped shot and the ma stopped and he little man with a womes agotsmie et the boys as tonishment aser stoped
	layer_6: cannit stopped shot and the mare stopped and the little man with the whams a good smile at the boys astonishment alse stopped
	layer_8: cannit stopped short and the mayre stopped andthe little man with the wimes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: cannet stop short and the mayr stopped and the little man with the wimes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: cannet stop short and the mayr stopped and the little man with te wimes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jowhn melick but me
	layer_4: john melick bhut me
	layer_6: john melic but me
	layer_8: john melick bhat me
	layer_10: john melick thatme
	layer_12: john melick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a tens mat
	layer_4: you was a tensmet
	layer_6: you was a tensmet
	layer_8: you was a tenesmet
	layer_10: you was a tensmath
	layer_12: you was a tensmath

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thickapt crack of herb be gas she suddenly became rige and a grat gaty and bhat wash as a rising think to happ ottoo meig
	layer_4: theykep crack of her becuse she suddeny became ridge and a gratylady and that was as she prising thing to hap ifto o merick
	layer_6: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was as surprising thing to hapvp  to americ
	layer_8: they kept rack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen ho americ
	layer_10: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to americka
	layer_12: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to americka

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: tank you r lad ie on the man gratfully i thought a lit lexecice would dloome god but this re mis has seem leke tarty to me
	layer_4: thank youre lad ret on the man cratfully i thought a little excise wild dom e god but this ree mise h seem like thrty to me
	layer_6: thank you lad fretrurnd the man cratefully i thought a little execise would do me good but this treemils has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile had seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile had seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wi said the mon
	layer_4: i will said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy ndt e wa but in a moment hileto again
	layer_4: the boy therned awayr but in a moment hailld td again
	layer_6: the boy turned away but in a moment haultied again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interessd in mhis jeans brather jeowhn was excradnarty
	layer_4: his interesstd in mis jenes brother john was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extrodinary
	layer_8: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in miss janes's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss janes's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: bles litled engerd in this quartalemptiure so ime me as wi loeld pe flench with the por chied
	layer_4: ples little dyanged in this quartempsure so i me as wlould be fslenced with the por chied
	layer_6: bleas little dangerd in this quarter empsure so i meaaswel wid be flence with he por chiled
	layer_8: theres little danger in this quarter im sure so i me aswell wud be lentd with a poor child
	layer_10: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i ma as welwould be flenced with a poor child
	layer_12: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well ould be flenced with a poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: ah wlyi non
	layer_4: ah ryi nont
	layer_6: ah why not
	layer_8: ah rhynot
	layer_10: ah wrhynot
	layer_12: ah wrhynot

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: by pes itaded
	layer_4: my tesitated
	layer_6: my tesitated
	layer_8: mi hesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: mate hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor ask e mee to visiter was the first i have ever to ceie frhe me
	layer_4: the lettoar ask en me t o visita was the first i have ever received foroom her
	layer_6: the latter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sinceshe asked me to visit her we jundg she had softd and might wishedto beconfvendly and to axcepterd the inmtation
	layer_4: but since she askd me to visit her we judged she had s oftend and might wish to beconflenly and to iaccepted the invidation
	layer_6: but since she askedme to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to becomflenly and so i accepted the ividation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become frendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: shwily dwo gise wald have ae bate time in this lone old plece then one could have iloan
	layer_4: shrly togos will have a batte ime in this lonly old plece then one could have alone
	layer_6: sorely two goois will have a better time in this lonl old place than one could have alone
	layer_8: srely two guis will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_10: surely two guards will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have aloan
	layer_12: surely two guards will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have a lon

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: o yes she has cod let toureie
	layer_4: o yes she has cord ect i toice
	layer_6: oh yes she hands conrected louie
	layer_8: oh yes she has colrected louise
	layer_10: oh yes she has colrected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has colrected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you mean puttry shld dooy yes
	layer_4: you meain patresiadooy yes
	layer_6: you mean partritia dol yes
	layer_8: you mean partricia dol yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia dole yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia doile yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: thet me ma conclord she lefet out of the oringement said bet  come
	layer_4: thetn me may onclod she left out of the arangement said beth come
	layer_6: thet me may concloe she left out of the arrangement said beth calme
	layer_8: than we may conclode she left out of the arrangement said beth calme
	layer_10: than we may conclude shes left out of the arrangement said beth calm
	layer_12: than we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calm

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wald fied foee ir on chahnts and fiet myhty hart
	layer_4: you wa fied fre r own chancs and fietd o mighty hart
	layer_6: you wall fied for your own chance and five mighty hot
	layer_8: you will fight for your own chance and fighe mighty hart
	layer_10: youwll fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_12: you will fight for your own chance and fight mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: whye my tear cusom i do' fwarnt unchyives money
	layer_4: by migh dea cousin i don't fwont anchives money
	layer_6: bhy my dea cousin i don't want aun chives money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't want aun chiev's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunjhi's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want auntjhi's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mather any out ampleoprvited  for and i m ony he ar to fin gresst for my so chol ues and ti gel a quainted with my thad father sistep tat is or
	layer_4: my mader and i au am pleprovided for and iam only he are to find dress for my social uties and tikel acquainted with my ded father sistep that his all
	layer_6: my mother and i are am plyprovided for and i am only heare to find dressp for my social duities an tikul acquainted with my dead father' sisterp that is all
	layer_8: my mother and i are amly provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticl acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticl acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticul acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fastha teachis meusic and mothers house im continuily ftor not being ablredto un inough money to kep out of tet
	layer_4: my fasiteach is music and mother's hose im continually tornot being able to un enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teach is music and mother's hose him continually fornot being able to an enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mothers hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mothers hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mothers hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've nowese no sern of hom money orlthugh fathe haskttridad diamsto ba winough to harppon ight of his diffigile ties
	layer_4: we've novwase he kno sent of e money although farther hast grihdet tiams to bor wenough to happin muht of his diffic alties
	layer_6: we've nevers he no sent of her money although father has ridad times to borow enough to happhim ut of his difficulties
	layer_8: we'ave never seeno cent of her money although father has rid a times to borrow enough to help him ut of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of our money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of our money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i you'd kissed he hent she askd me to and e saita shevwer all d ou my back
	layer_4: i you ld kissd her end she askd meto and t set a shirever alld how my bak
	layer_6: ar youhad kissed her when she askedme to and in sent o shivere all down my back
	layer_8: are you had kissed her when she asked me to and it cent a shivere all down my back
	layer_10: are you had kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: are you had kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for my put i am fornd of every onte and id dilights me te fasdon invileds and nesis them
	layer_4: for my pat i am forned of every one and it dilights me to fassiron invillages and assis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am forned of every one and i delights me to faceroun in villages and assist tem
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in village and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you see youl like to carfulr in wilets and i don't
	layer_4: you seay you like to carefr in wilits and i don't
	layer_6: you say you' like to carefor in willeds and i don't
	layer_8: you say you like to care for in villads and i don't
	layer_10: you say you' like to care for in willads and i don't
	layer_12: you say youd like to care for in willads and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: you klimed o make met thing yoo dont a eln hers whut your as i 'm xyous to get it as iam
	layer_4: you tlinmd to make meet think you dont one ell hers bhen you as i amsouse toget it as i arm
	layer_6: you climed to make me think you don't one el hurs but you as i am oused to get it as i ame
	layer_8: you cline to make me think you don't ont elmhurs but yo're as i amxused to get it as i am
	layer_10: you' e cline to make me think you don't one elmherst but you're as iamuse to get it as i am
	layer_12: your cline to make me think you don't ont elmhurst but you're as iamuse to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they al me bet slenty
	layer_4: they all me bet salenly
	layer_6: they fall me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they call me bet sullenly
	layer_10: they call me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they call me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i conedelave in this out of the wak oner of the wage unal
	layer_4: i con'telive in this out of the wak onor of the waluno
	layer_6: i can't deleve in this out of the wa cornor of the wal yu no
	layer_8: i couldn't belive in this out of the wae cornor of the wald you now
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the way cornor of the world you know
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the way cornor of the world you know

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but s e pore she e his a dea fe sisten fet
	layer_4: but s a po she neeis a dea fersistant fect
	layer_6: but suppaus she neds at i  asistent fet
	layer_8: but suppouse she needs at tio por assistent fet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs a tio per assistent fet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs a tio per assistent fet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luwi seemd to metes det
	layer_4: loui seem to mededet
	layer_6: louis seemd to methe dete
	layer_8: louise seemedto mee death
	layer_10: louise seemed to madedeate
	layer_12: louise seemed to mededete

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te mahnicficent a stat said bet looking at olkcosn toubht phully
	layer_4: it e mah nificent i state said beth looking at her cousin toutfully
	layer_6: it' a maginificent a state said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_8: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shad re be frent se asked litly
	layer_4: now shall wbe be frent she asked lihtly
	layer_6: now shall be be friend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be frend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be frend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be frend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shur i shald one littol mydear
	layer_4: to be sure i shald ont litto my ea
	layer_6: to be sure i shuld want little my dea
	layer_8: to be sure i shuld want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: suchra gord hen it had never beein hep ro liged to have efor and wren hus uspicions were a gortin she became fairly has ponceiv and bright on ondoffully
	layer_4: such a gord then it had never been herp rof lige to have before and when hers aspicions wirtl ar goten she begame fairly les ponsi and brightne wonderfully
	layer_6: such a girl then it had never been herprevliged to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly les ponsiv and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly ressponsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: siliss she said renyante what you think of mi nieces
	layer_4: syless she said renyentar what o ou think of myneaces
	layer_6: silus she said renniente what o you think of my neces
	layer_8: silus she said renientoed what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said renianted what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said reniented what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the abvary charming gardes he unset oth the onerd n age wrent few gase shorta good afantage
	layer_4: the abvery charming gords he anserd a the oeedin age when few gaus shorwt to good efontage
	layer_6: they arek verye jarming girds he answered aolthough the artheatn age when few gas showre to good afantage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at ain age when few gurs show to good advantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answeresd although they are at an age when feuw girls showe to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls showe to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: wy eis oo not in wite canes to denoun gan the boy
	layer_4: wisis you not inwite cannes  den o gne the boy
	layer_6: why es you not invite canest denorgaine the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invite kenist denor jane the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kenist dinor jiane the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite kenist dinord jine the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constofthy saying di sagreeblr things
	layer_4: he is constily saying tes agreeable things
	layer_6: he is constaly saying disagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: bey we said the laoya qui ly wich of my nesus deu prfer
	layer_4: very wel said the layo quietely buich youf my nesos dyu profer
	layer_6: very well said the lawyer quietly but yoe my neses doou prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lawyer quietly put oure my nieces do you prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly put on my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly put on my nieces do you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af the r lady aftro pas i can not sea on so shot and a quintkes yancer with cravity which do youp pbrephigin
	layer_4: afdte ar ladies after opos i cannot sa on sow shot an acquainteds he answerd with cravity which to youprefegane
	layer_6: ask youor ladies after o paus i cannot say oon so short an acquaintedes he answered with cravity which do you prefergaine
	layer_8: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: askd your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the at ecqully ansatisfacty she anser
	layer_4: they a equilly an satispactly she answer
	layer_6: they are equally un satispactly she answered
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactioy she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot imagion a mus telong is to itho sidis
	layer_4: bik cannot imagine and mhust belong is to either siles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine elmhars belong ins to either silace
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either silace
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either silas
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhurs belonging to either silas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i mu see that athonies the wone whol defis ne and ar fe as is to anc ond my sa can nettar
	layer_4: i mutsee that athones the one who difise mne and a feu was es to onse of my second neta
	layer_6: i must ee that aternis the one who defise me and i feses to ans of my second neta
	layer_8: i must see that abarnis the one who defies me and refuses to ans ore my second letta
	layer_10: i must see that abanis the one who defies me and refuses to anser my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that abbanis the one who defies me and refuses to anser my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there would be a doezan ais tho fight for my money and dear allen hos wiulh be so erstrangers phi vesiond tit bitimess
	layer_4: there would be a dozen airs tho fight for my money and dear all en hos wild be soldestrangers she rusemd with pittermess
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs te fight for my money and dear all ele house woil be solldistrangers she resuumed with pitteness
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear all lelmhoust will be solde strangers she resumed with pitteness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear o elmhoust will be sold o strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ol elmhoust will be sold to strangers she resumed with pitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arbut lu ome lovers whoocin contenthemselves woith the dilalg carrid on ad boushok distance
	layer_4: they are but luoke om lovers whoo cen content themselves fith the dilog caried on at boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves woth the diloge carried on at boushort distance
	layer_8: they are but lucwam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at borshort distance
	layer_10: they are but lucarm lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at bourshort distance
	layer_12: they are but luqwarm lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at bourshort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: if theirbe ana lis yumon id it is this
	layer_4: if the beanelysu monot it is this
	layer_6: if there bean elyssumonat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elesiumor not it is this
	layer_10: if there be an alysum or not it is this
	layer_12: if there be an alysium or not it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: his own daughtter his onlydoorta of the bes blod of suen adistocrecy beaw tfl acomplished every think tho secyur him was plended elons holing nightle as signation with a hoss honto
	layer_4: his own daughter his onlydorter of the best blood of suthern aristercracy beautiful accomplished everythink to secure him was plended alinse holing nightly assination with a hose hunter
	layer_6: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aresto cricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plended alins holding nightly a scination with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could welkancehed sow mache o hero c apriece since hersting at ham could be notisudvantage o the cause atd had crompn him to the sternd counce
	layer_4: he could welkancseeid sow mach do her eprice since her staying at hom could be notdice advantage to the couse that had promptaned him to the sterned councel
	layer_6: he could wel con seed so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had promptened him to the sterned council
	layer_8: he could well conceed so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the coause that had prompteed him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is ol redy knon that this roard bast the hassy andar of cass tie teal caorwol at some dhistance from the house and on the oppersite cigde of the rver
	layer_4: it is all vedy known that this road bastd the hasy endar of cassta del corlwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite sigde of the river
	layer_6: it is already known that this road pased the hassienda of carsadel corlbo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road pastd the hassi enda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of carca del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the cops he des manted let his hase in among thoug underwood hiched him by loobink his brildren aranther to mors twicks of in ilasting boe then dhetaching a long rop of twisted horse heir from the forn of his sadl and inserting his arm andtw its coy he clided out to the ache of the ilengd on that side that lertowrs the hasyender
	layer_4: on reaching the cops he desmounted let his horse in among thoug underwoord hetched him by lopink his briled rain aron ther dop most twiks of an elastinc bow then detaching a long rop of twisted horse here from the hown of his sadle and incerting his arm and do its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that sihde that la towards the hasyenda
	layer_6: on reaching the corpse he dispounted let his horse in among though underwood hitched him by looping his bridled rain aroundthe dopmost tweigs of an alastincg boa then detaching a long rope of twisted horse har from the horn of his saddle and incerting his arm end o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that sihde that lay toward the hasiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the copse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by loping his bridled rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm ind to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: theforeforse king the shido of the corps he casd a glance toward this kyn and met the moon sailing supremly overlit
	layer_4: the fore forceaking the shadow of the corps he castd a glance toward this ky and mat the moon sailing supremely overl it
	layer_6: bhefoure fore saking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glanced toward the sky and met the moon sailing sucremely over it
	layer_8: beforeforesaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: beforeforesaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: beforeforesaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and met the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the drowe conset whichhars saw ofta mus the nock done l in ebriete of gart sitese ap ertl produs alike afec upon the night baccroler of the prarly and for  o moment the shadob leadt darckening his bro disuppeard
	layer_4: the drawl conceit which hare sow oft e mus the nock donal inabriate of caed cites appyealeto produs a like afact upon the night paroler of the prairy and for o moment the shado lat darckoning his brow disappared
	layer_6: the drol conceit which hae so oft amuse the knocdornal inabriate of geate cities appeare to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the praire and forta moment the shadow late tarkening his brow disappeared
	layer_8: the droll conceit which had so oft mused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_10: the droll conceit which had so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which had so oftn amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night partroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: tit not l iely at this ar unlessadt be the onar of a bacg consionto conslyp
	layer_4: it's not litely at his ar unless it be the ornur of a bagd constienc to consleep
	layer_6: it's not likely at his are unless it be the ownor of a bad conscience who cansleep
	layer_8: it's not likely at is ore unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can' sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely it is ore unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely it is ore unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: crot this on such within thos wald
	layer_4: crot there's one uch within those walds
	layer_6: crot there's one such within those walds
	layer_8: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_10: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: crot there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be a brod thas a good shans of his seen me on beupen drouned not that i should gat a strol iv it woerte on ly micsif to be confromise
	layer_4: if he be abroad theae's a goodschance of his seeing me on beopen dround not that i should gae a strow ef it were only mye ef to be con from miset
	layer_6: if he be abroad there's a good schance of his seeing me on be opend ground not that i should care restraw if it were only myselve to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open grouned not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: it's no us rating upon the morn du stace
	layer_4: its no use wraiting upon the mon dustake he
	layer_6: it's no userating upon the moon dustake her
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moon jestiker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the moon jestaikher
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the moon jeustaker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it istrew he had designs upon the hascyender but thesedid not contibplyate eier itscash plyit orjolllly if be except the morspressius julla condand the mistiss of the manchion hrsesf
	layer_4: it istre he had desigense upon the hasy ender but these did not contibly te either ates cash flate or jewlry if be accept the moe spresious julit contaned the mistress of the manch in her sef
	layer_6: it istrue he had designs upon the hassy ender but these did not contepate either a s cash plate orjewelry if we axcept the mo t precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manchi in her self
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassienda but these did not contemplate either at scash plat or jewelry if we accept the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manchion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hacyenda but these did not contemplate either ats cash flate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hascyenda but these did not contemplate either ats cash flate or jewelery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taied a gainasorwe of few dairs and came up the gardol when i then res ided he was a per intly without any busimes tee ots afport him but he sawn became acquainted wouth my sun tomise with hom he hanted fouor a long dime and mide his whorme with him at my hous rantorkcam mon and he cun to netd his da
	layer_4: he taried hat gainashore o few days and came up the gardo wherl i then recided he was aparantly without any vusiness dafots apport him but he soone became acquainted with my son tomise with whom he hunted for a long time and mide his home with him at my house wentercame on and he continue his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at gen ashow a few days and came up the gado whelne i then recided he was apparently without any business dar fortsupport him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and mide his home with him at my house bwinter came on and he continued his day
	layer_8: he tarried at genashaw a few days and came up to gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that ould support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house quinter came on and he continued his tay
	layer_10: he tarried at geneshaw a few days and came up to gardo whene i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_12: he tarried at geneshaw a few days and came up to gardo when i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hus been be noing thet he should fel o blo if he watat tho hr the rdeor a peated insintere cretid and went down tr eve uteor his cated
	layer_4: the endraged husband well nowingthat he should feel obloow if he waited to her the order rappeated instamcy re cratid and went town t revwertor his cattle
	layer_6: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: we proteck tid the poor a manti cok woman and gave hervic tuus and alinsi pe tdised witherd in her miss portuns tis plring when her husbin game to her ooc noleise his formaleras and let he had abused oher withoute couse poroa mister afimation an shieeesived him with every mark ofve i newwl of her ofection
	layer_4: we protected the poor a manti alk woman and gave her vectuals and allinsympetised with her in her mis portunes tispring when her husbend came to her acnowlicshd his formareros and hat he had abused her without a cause pro mister eformation and che received him withevery mark overe newl of her affection
	layer_6: we protected the poormanticcok woman and gave her victuals an alen sympatised with her in her missportunes til spring when her husbend came to her acknowlisged his former ehars and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister deformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor manticoake woman and gave her victuals and alene sympathised with her in her misfortunes til spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promiseder reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor en antiqcoak woman and gave her victuals and allane sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised her deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor enantiqoak woman and gave her victuals and allane sympathised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised er deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indiant wes son ancrd by the amarican offhicer that the wank uom wos scorde the axcepted and that a continuins of beace was arddencyrishdfor
	layer_4: the indiance were soon answered by the american office that the wankwem wosh cord the accepted and that a continuancs of pece was ardence wished for
	layer_6: the indiance wers soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwom wose cordiulty accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwem whose cordilly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonqwum was scordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonqwum was scordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sundormis wend with them with aslan's hose and arry the good
	layer_4: my sandormis went with them with aslen's horse and carri the good
	layer_6: my santomis went with them with asland's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san tomis went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with island's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: as im un finding mhat his enemis ad gone cime backdto my house bhere he lived as before but off his dri done they wease swon noto fidte my agra and netes whommaried res s ellaamse with his moly bat ty of indians came antd to take him
	layer_4: alin onfinding that his enemies ad gone cime back to my house where he lived as before but of is dretune they wase sol not to fytat nyagra and nettls who maried reselarramse with his mol party of indians came ont take him
	layer_6: alen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they weare sooon notofid at niagra and nettls who married priscellaramsay wuth ha smal party of indians came ont to take him
	layer_8: allyn on findingthat his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notifi at niagra and nettls who married riclla ramse with ta small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: allyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married bricella ramse with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: allyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married briscella ramse with a small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netils atclength a bandin the ches wen hom and alin alen tatos came in
	layer_4: nettles at length abandon the chase went hom and alin allen tators came in
	layer_6: nettles at length abandone the chase went home and alen all an daters came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen all antaters came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and allin all entatters came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and allin all entatters came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: by  laning in the wod his clar hing had become tarn in telags to that he wash in asatering condition ort wos naked
	layer_4: by lunding in the wood his clowthing had become town in telags to that he was an a sufering condition ol mwas naked
	layer_6: by running in the woods his clothing had become ton into lags so that he was an a suffering condition almos naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made histouses him self and then bilt alahd on which he wet now tha river to his on plass at mont modice
	layer_4: alen made his trouses himself and hen bilt alaughd on which he weant dow the river to his own tlesce at mornt morics
	layer_6: alan made his thrhouses himself and then built arlaught on which he went down the river to his own place at mournt morics
	layer_8: alan made his trouses himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at montmaris
	layer_10: allan made his trouses himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mountemaris
	layer_12: allyn made his trouses himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mountemoris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and ind in give him somerseshment andi god gune with which he hased and on to little beard'sdown bery he found his cor
	layer_4: there and in hin gave him some erceshment and a good gun bwith which he hastdind on to little beardsdown bert he found his cour
	layer_6: there an indiant gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on tho little biards down where he found his cor
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his corp
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his corps
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his corps

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not darling to lis consel f at that plese for feur of being givenu he mae her but a shrte visit and cime imediaty to gardl
	layer_4: not daring to ris hinself athat plece for fer of being given up he maie her but a shot visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_6: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love of liboty however idded to his naturals fiffness gave hmsufficienstrengcth to makees ascae to his farmol causel of safety
	layer_4: the love of liboty however idded to his naturals wifness gave himsufficient s trength to make his escape to his formalr casle of safety
	layer_6: the love of liberty however aded to his natura's fiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal caszle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liberty however aded to his natural swifness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formalr castl of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casil of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal castle of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his pose u as came immediately tmy house what te expected to have found heim secreted and onde mi pordection
	layer_4: his bossuas came immediately to my house whatle expected to have found him secreted and under my prodection
	layer_6: his porsuas came immediately to my house we ly expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his pursues came immediately to my house we lhy expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his pursues came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: sti lan satesfied and outing my wur asity they hadvicetd my indiin brother tho u ws his intfruencetoo drowffrom me the se cud of his conslment which they had nydteasthat i constidhut of gratimpartancs nort only to him but tomy ses i pussiste in my agniins of his ituation and finileasy lef me
	layer_4: stilansat isfihtd and oubting mywerasity they advise my indian brother to us his infuence to draw from me thesecit of his concelement which they had nideathat i consid art of gratimportonce nor only to him but to mysess i perss sisted in my agnerince of hisituation and finyllyasa left me
	layer_6: stillan satisfied and doubting my viracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had anidea thar i considerut of great importante not only to him but to mycess i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finalys e  left me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my viracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my cels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally  s he  left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cemep to my hous in th night and a walk me with the greeat est coution perling that some of his enemes might be watching to the ac him ata diae when and in o place ware it would be impasible for him to make his ascape
	layer_4: he came to my house ind the night and a walk ne with e greatestcaution feerling that some of his enemies might be watching to theyte him atta time when and in opplace where it would be impasible for him to make his as cape
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalk me with a greatest caution ferling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that time islin la in a se cret place in the gutse a shot distanc above my lat in a wholr thast he axidently found in the rok neao therevea
	layer_4: at that time alentlay in a seecret place in the gus a short distance above my flat in a wholn at he accedently found in the rack neathe rever
	layer_6: at that time asland lay in a secret place in the gus a short distance above my flats in a hole thats he accidently found in the rok near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grads hal fesed after fest selepriting a wars they hadrocei for the campain and made axpeditions to allmots tdivisa asserthaond corelieno hungurian who had recentely open erestron dere with girses witreses
	layer_4: the povlove grads held feast after feast scelebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots divisar ascertan carro line tha hungirion who had rectently open arestjrant der with girls as weictrees
	layer_6: the pravlov grads held feast after feast celembrating a wards they had received for the campaigne and made expeditions to all mots divissa a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently open a restauander with girlds as waitreses
	layer_8: the pravlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots divisa a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opend a restaurant deer with girls as waitrasces
	layer_10: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes do viset a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant deer with girls as waitrisces
	layer_12: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all motes do viset a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant deer with girls as waitresces

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the gardsit mede ter whole marh as thif on a plasutrip perading they flaineliness and disippln
	layer_4: the gards id mee theire whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading theiy clainlynes and disipline
	layer_6: the guards had meedt their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had medte their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their clainliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the retcumat said entwerd and left te tone with their bin's pleayg and by the gran uk's orders de men had markhed all the we in steap a practis on wich the gars pradyd themselvese the officrs on fots and ot their properpose
	layer_4: the regamens had entered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grandukes orders temen had marched all the we ind step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_6: the regiments had entered and left ta tone with their binds pleaying and by the granduke's orders themen had marched all the whea and step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pourse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left tatone with their bands pleaing and by the granduke's orders the men had marched all the weah and step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porst
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left ta tone with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way and step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left tatone with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way and step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: boura sed being corcers a had marht all the wy with burk who was olradty incommind ovf a company
	layer_4: borras shad been quarserts and had marched all the way with burk who was already incommind hof a company
	layer_6: boras had been quarterds and had marched all the weay with berg who was already incommind of a company
	layer_8: boris had been quarcerds and had marched all the way with burg who was already in command of a company
	layer_10: borros had been quarterd and had marched all the way with burge who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: borros had been quarterd and had marched all the way with burge who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: bor os jur ing to campan had middy acquintencs of many parsons who my prof euseful to him and by alesttr af recumendation he had browh from per had becomeaqueinty with prince an dre bol consky though whom he hoked to obten a poset on the commandran chef stoff
	layer_4: borrows during the campin had mede y acquentince of many persons who might provf useful to him and by a lettter of recumendation he had brought from per had become aquenty with prince and drew bol consky though whom he hopped to obtein ar posd on the commandran chief stuff
	layer_6: borras during the campign had made the acquintance of many parsons who might prove useful to him and by a leter of recommendation he had brought from piere had become a quinty with prince andrew bal konsky though whom he hopped to obtin a post on the commandran chief staff
	layer_8: boros during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commanderan chief staff
	layer_10: borros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander n chiefstaff
	layer_12: borros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander an chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: burk and borus having rested after yestitese march were siting clean ad nedtly dresst at a rointeble in teclen quartrs a loted to them plain ches
	layer_4: burk and borrus huding rested after yesidise march were sitting clean an needly dressed at a roun teble in dhecleane quarters a lote to them plain ches
	layer_6: bergh and boras hadling rested after yestedy's march were sitting clean and needly dressed at a round teble in the clean quarters a lotty to them plain chess
	layer_8: berg and boris hadving rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: berg and borus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: burg and borus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how a you gwen togest as of thats he remardt
	layer_4: well how are you going to gest ut of that's he remarked
	layer_6: well how are you going to get out of that' he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at that momente door open
	layer_4: at that momanthe door opened
	layer_6: at that moment the door opened
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: dear me ha you ha chaed
	layer_4: dear me haw you have changed
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he wsuebot o inbrace his frends but nicles a voyded hem
	layer_4: he was abot to imbrace his friends but nickleas avoided hem
	layer_6: he was about to embraaze his friends but nichlas avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to embraie his friends but nicholas avoided hem
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: he want is a pensh him puth him do anything but iss im a thing everybody diod
	layer_4: he want id o pencse him push him do anything but kissd him ae thing everybody did
	layer_6: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him i think everybody did
	layer_8: he wanted to pinch him push hem do anything but kiss him i think everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push em do anything but kiss him a think everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push em do anything but kiss him a think everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not was standin ne sporaus in braced hom an a quite friendly wey and kist him three times
	layer_4: but not wath standing ne spores an braced him an a quite friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_6: but notwithstanding nes sporres embraced him an a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ne sborris embraced him in a quiet friendly wi and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding esborris embraced him and a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding nersborris embraced him and a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not madte fornealyng half or year an bing at the ag ween young mantite ai forstaps and lafct rod eth saw emmang hangees in the other quiste n nu reflation of the society in whersh the ad takenolse forstaps
	layer_4: they had not ment for nearly half  year and being of the age when young mantit a first staps ond life's ruade each sa immened changes in the other quite a new reflaction of the society in whirch the ataken os first steps
	layer_6: they had not ment for neearly half a year and being at the age when young men tih heir first steps and life's roads each saw imenged changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which theyhad taken ose first steps
	layer_8: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tike their first steps and lifes roads each saw immensed changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men ticke their first steps on life'sroads each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not ment for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men ticke their first steps ond life'sroads each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i did not expeu tody he adeds
	layer_4: i did not expau to y he added
	layer_6: i did not expetyoe to de he added
	layer_8: i did not expet you tody he added
	layer_10: i did not expent you to day he added
	layer_12: i did not expent you to day he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you kno of courseet his imperlial hignuss rod withou redgiment all the time so that we had every comfortoand every advontige
	layer_4: you know of course at his imperlial higness rod with our regyman all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_6: ye know of course at his impeliaol highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort in every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course that his imperiaol highness rude with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: yo know of course that his imperial highness ruld with our regimen all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness ruld with our regimen all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resetions we had impulens
	layer_4: what receptions we had impolens
	layer_6: what receptions we had inpolans
	layer_8: what receptions we had in polans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in polans
	layer_12: what receptions we had in polans

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_4: what dinners and bawls i can't tell you
	layer_6: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: ol you gard said rostoff i sea sepa some wine
	layer_4: oh you gard said rostoff i say sepa some wine
	layer_6: oh you guard said rostov i seay sef er some wine
	layer_8: o you guard said rostov i seay sever some wine
	layer_10: oh you guard said rostov i see saper some wine
	layer_12: oh you guard said rostov i see safer some wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he went to his bed drew parsamon to the clen pillo and sent for wine
	layer_4: he went to his bed drew a pars am one to the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a parsom undo the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parson undr the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his beds drew a parson under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: yes sind i have somemoney in olesces togief u he ates
	layer_4: yes id i have some money an olectes to give you he addes
	layer_6: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in h letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: al don't mantion ate cont a quat hund de stan swaid bokg getting up in speaking an a muffledand gotzral voice
	layer_4: oll don't mentionate coant a quate unde stand said bok getting up and speaking an a muffled and goteral voice
	layer_6: oll don't mention at coant i quaite understand said bokge getting up and speaking an a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: oh don't mention at cont i quait understand said bog getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutteral voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention at cont i quaite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutteral voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutteral voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gor tros tou ourhose they invitig you ided boras
	layer_4: gor tros to our hose they invited you ided borras
	layer_6: gor tross to our hose they invited you aded borus
	layer_8: gotross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: go cross to our horse they invited you added boras
	layer_12: go cross to our horse they invited you added boras

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: brk pit on the ceenest of cos withoi t a spot or speck of dust stipd before a looking glass and brushed to here on his temples up wors and the way affacted by the anmper alexignder and having insurt himself rom the wa roset of looke tat ats that his couthad be notest lefte romber the plaseit smile
	layer_4: brk bit on theclenest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushd the hear on his temples upwards in the way affacted by the empero allexgignder and having in shured himself rom the way rost of looke tatit that his court had been notist left e room erf the plasat smile
	layer_6: berg bit on the clenest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stoid before ar looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost off looked atit that his curt had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_8: berg pit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushe te hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the empero alexander and having insured himself from the wey rostov looked at it that his coart had been noticed left the room of a plasant smile
	layer_10: berg put on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushe to hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having issured himself than the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_12: bergput on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushd to hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having issured himself than the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room wofh a pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: ol dea was a bes i ar muc ha rosto fhas y red the lastr why
	layer_4: oh dear was a beast i ar muttad rosto as e read theletter why
	layer_6: oh dear was a beast i a mutterd rostoff as he read the latter why
	layer_8: oh dear what a beast i a muttered rosto as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i a muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i ar muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sant gaveri a for som wy alroight lase hav so
	layer_4: well have you sant gabrial for some whide all right lace have some
	layer_6: well have you sent gabrie for some wide all right lace have some
	layer_8: well have you sent gabriel for some wide all right las have some
	layer_10: well have you sent gabriel for some wit all right layces have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some wit all right laces have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eletiefrom his parentc was inclse he let of recumendation to bugretion whire h the old crontersat anamcall ovfnes advice had obten thru an a quintence and sent to her son askkheem  tiku to is deasttination and mek use of it
	layer_4: and teleter from his parente was inclsed the leter of recumendation to by gretion whireh the old canters ad anamicallovness advice had obtan thrug an acquentence and sent to her son askime to tik it to its deastination and make youse of it
	layer_6: in the lester from his parents was enclosed the leter of recommendation to bagretion which the old contesad anamicalovna's advice had obtained through an acquintance and sent to her son aski him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_8: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countes at anna mikolovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess ad anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess ad anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: why if yo thrgw not away askepors
	layer_4: why ife you throw not away asked ors
	layer_6: why have you throw nit away asked borus
	layer_8: why have you throw night away asked borois
	layer_10: why have you thrown night away asked borris
	layer_12: why have you thrown night away asked boris

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: iti som letor rect uendashoen what tha devil tdo i wantceite for
	layer_4: it i's some letter o reck minde shoun what the devill to i want it for
	layer_6: it is some lettr of recominde shound what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of recindi sihand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: itis some letter of racmindie and what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: itis some letter of racmindize and what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he loked antently un inquiranly ito his frends eyes evidently tryingin ven to find the answiti some question
	layer_4: he loked ind tently un inquirenly into his friends eyes evidently trying in van to find the answer to some question
	layer_6: he loked intently un inquirently into his friend's eyes evidently trying in van to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he loked intently undinquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which hou be lieve it kans i was not a s oll ar lamed whos i knew i wash righte
	layer_4: which you believe it count i was not a oll alarmed hos i knew i was right
	layer_6: wudh you believe at cont i was not a tall alarmed whos i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed wose i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed cose i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed couse i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i canme forwort berkstodup and should how he presented himself with his hand t who his cap and really it would hv ben difficult for a face t express greato respect and self complacencsye than hisded
	layer_4: i came forwort berks tood op and shouled how he presented himself with his hand two his cap and really it would hae been difficult for a face to express greate respect and self complacancy then his ded
	layer_6: i came forward berk stood up and should how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacancy than hisdiad
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berke stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berke stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stoned it me as he sing as stoned and stomed and stormed
	layer_4: well he starmed it me as he sing is stomed and starmed andstamed
	layer_6: well he starmed at me as the sying is starmed and starmed and starmed
	layer_8: well he starmed at me as the saing is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the saying is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_12: well he starmed at me as the saying is starmed and starmed and stormed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it was not a mat of life but rader of death a the sing as
	layer_4: it was not a machter of life but rather of death as the sing is
	layer_6: it was not a matcher of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seeing is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seeing is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i'l badiins and devls an two si be aria said bark with a sugacious smyl
	layer_4: ilbadians and devils and two psiberia said burg with a sigacious smile
	layer_6: albadians and devils and two sibyria said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_8: albadians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_10: albadians and devils and two siberia said burge with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albadians and devils and two siberia said burge with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: still i remein silent at whato you thin cot
	layer_4: still i remin silent i what o you thank cout
	layer_6: still i remained silent a what dor you thank coat
	layer_8: still i remaind silent andwhat do you think coat
	layer_10: still i remained silent at what do you think coat
	layer_12: still i remained silent at what do you think coat

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the next tay it was not iven mentiron in he arterse of thoda
	layer_4: the next stay it was not evin mentiond ind the orderse of the te
	layer_6: the next sday it was not even mentionedthin the orders of the da
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thats the wary couant said bark ligting his pipe and mitting rings af smolk
	layer_4: that's the way cont said barg lighting his pipe and imitting rings af smalk
	layer_6: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smark
	layer_8: that's the way cont said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_10: that's the way corent said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork
	layer_12: that's the way corrent said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smork

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yarestat was fins d rosto smily
	layer_4: yes lit was fans and rostof smiling
	layer_6: yes tight was fines and rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes thaht was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drost ot with a chresfull young man and wid o no a caite have told ha de lipberat li
	layer_4: rostom with a treseful young man and we d ire know a caut have told ther deliburate life
	layer_6: roston with a trueful young man and we d o know i cait have told the deliberate lie
	layer_8: rosto wish a truceful young man and wedon know ah cat have told a deliberate lie
	layer_10: rosto was a truteful young man and we don' knowa cow it have told a deliberate lie
	layer_12: roston was a truteful young man and we don't knowa cow it have told a deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storit menin to tellt ever thing justes at happend tbe inpercetsibly involunteorily an inevitibly he elapes tinte of falsoute
	layer_4: he began his story meanig to tell ever thing just as at happened but impercetibly involunterrily an inevitably he lapedsdant o falsuit
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but impercetibly involuntarily and inevitably he alapsed into fal suit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsesuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsesuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince an drewho light to help youn man was floterd by bei ask for hes as sistance and being well dhe spos to warse borus who had manished to ple semte da before he wish to do what young min wantete
	layer_4: prince andrew who light to help young man was flottered by being aske for his assistence and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to pleas semdeday before he wishd to doo what  young man wanted
	layer_6: prince andrew who liht to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do whathe young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: i spaite r prince andres disigryabol i ranical tn i spate of the contame with which rostoff from his faighting army point of vyew regarded all hease lettl agittencs on the staf of harm the new come er was evidently one rosto felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_4: is spate or prince andrews disagreeaboe ironical tune ispate of the conteme with which rostoff from his faigting army point of view regarded all these little agitance on destaff of hem the new comee was evidently one rostofr felt confused bilushed and became silent
	layer_6: is spite of prince andres disagreeable aronical tun ins spate of the content with which rostofvf from his fating army point of view regarded al these little adjutants on the staff of hom the new comer was evidently one rost off felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fagting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his faiting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staf of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his faiting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staf of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor a s in quied what nows ther maght be ondher stof and whatcs withouh indiscresion one may askuby t ur plans
	layer_4: borus inquie what news there might be onderstaff and wats wireh touh indiscretion one might askedbou ctur plans
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be onde staff and wats without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_8: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and ocs without indiscretion one mayght ask about your plans
	layer_10: boras inquired what news there might be on the staff and oce without indiscretion one might ask about your plans
	layer_12: boras inquired what news there might be on the staff and once without indiscretion one might ask about your plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shall promably advindce replied bou crosky evidently relucted to seeme more in e presencs of astranger
	layer_4: we shall promably advandce replied bocoskui evidently relucted to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctedt to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkovski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: burktat the opprotunite to ask with great polihteness whre ther as wash remeors the elowins of forage monee to captcains of compani s wu be doubled
	layer_4: berk tat the opportunity to ask with great politeness where ther as was rumers the allowinc o forage money to captains of companies wo be doubled
	layer_6: berke at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whethet as was rumoursd the allowance of forige money to captains of companies woere be doubled
	layer_8: berked oo the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forige money to captains of companis woere be doubled
	layer_10: burke took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: burke took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would bedoubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was thear sid rost of an gra as if intendi to in salt the i decoump
	layer_4: i was tere said rost of andgra as if intendiyg to in soult they ad decamp
	layer_6: i was stere said rostov angrilly as if intending to insult they ad dhe camp
	layer_8: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: wit a slightly contemtus smy lel he said yesk that i many storiyes nog toldhr wat that ar fear
	layer_4: whith a sleinhtly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no told he bat that afer
	layer_6: with a slinhtly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no told about that affear
	layer_8: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many storyi is now tald about that affar
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that are many stories now told about that affear
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that are many stories now told about that affar

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but aurstoryes of the stoies of man who have pin unter the enybys fire
	layer_4: but our stories of the stories of men who have been underd the enemi's fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: imrstorys have som weit not like the sthories of those fellows on the staff who get re was wi thou doin inethin
	layer_4: i estories half some weigt not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewas without doing enything
	layer_6: oier stories half some wheigt not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories havf some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: however he aded risy you no my name and were o fine me but don't forget that i do not regod i the myself or you as having been i toll in sulteds and as a man old o than you my hadvice es till it the mattr drop
	layer_4: however he added rising you know my name and where to fine me but don't forget that i do note regod either myself or you as having been a t oll in sultied and as ta man ol er than you my hadvice is to it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been a t all insaltied and as a man older than you my advices tollet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man oldher than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclaime prince aundre and wash a bot tof them borth he wentot
	layer_4: exclimed prince oun drew and with a boat to them borth he went out
	layer_6: exclaimed prince aundrew and with a boat to them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boawt tof them both he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat to them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat to them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: a d he was stol more an ret having o mite to seairs
	layer_4: and he was stell more angreid having a mitye to sairs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angriyd having amitte to sars
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omity to sas
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having amitted to cas
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having amitted to cas

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arded his horse at os and couledly tek inleaver bors rod hom
	layer_4: he arded his harse at wone and coldly takhing leave r boras rode home
	layer_6: he ordered his hearse at once and coldly taking leave baras roge home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave barus rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave e borus rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave a borus rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shod he go to had quars es noke ty and chaln iged the affated agitent a raly let the matter drop wats the qresstion that waoi e him all the we
	layer_4: should he gos to head quarter's noxsty and challnage that affated igitent or really let the matter drop was the question that woride him all the wey
	layer_6: should he go toheadquartes nextdy and chalnge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters nextdy and chalenge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wa
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that a fated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was longs ins r rosto shaid nes of nichlos
	layer_4: it was longs incs er rostos had news of neckhlus
	layer_6: it was long since erostos had news of nicholas
	layer_8: it was long since er rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since e rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since rostovs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not to mit wenter was the coin tat last handide latte addreassten his sons hand rityn
	layer_4: not til midwinter was the count at last handid a letter ad dressed an his son's handriting
	layer_6: not til midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's hand writing
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving its he ranoontip t  to his study an a larm and hast tring to oescepe notes closed te door and began to re deletr
	layer_4: on receiving it he rand ontip to to his study ind a larm and haste trying to rescape nutis close the door and begin to redeletter
	layer_6: on receiving it he ran on tiptou to his study in alarm and haste trying to rescape noticse close the door and began to rediletter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to retheletter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tine tat these hens began to mee the tontes anxious and she glancsed uneasilly at the kont and it ana mecolloeno the las very atdroyitdly tuned de conversation to inswignifvicet matters
	layer_4: each tine that these hence began to meete the conetes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at ana micolloveno the later very addroyetly turned he conversation to insignifican matters
	layer_6: each tine that these hence began to meet the ckontes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anne mikalovno the later very adroiedly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_8: each time that these hents began to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovno the latter very adroydly turned te conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents began to meet the countes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovno the latter very adroitly turned to conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents began to meet the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovno the latter very adroitly turned to conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: bu forgod sa be kirefuor you know hord me effect your mame
	layer_4: but forgod say be kare folr you know hoernt me affect your mama
	layer_6: but for gods say be careful you know howrit mae affect your mamma
	layer_8: but for gods sa be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sak be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's sak be careful you know how it may affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no ar my towo ward of onor said the ta shoa crussing herself i wat tell any one
	layer_4: no an my tru ward of honour said the tasha crussing herself i want tell anyone
	layer_6: no on my true ward of honour said netasha crossing herself i wont tell anyone
	layer_8: no a my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_10: no oh my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_12: no oh my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ad she ran oh at wose toe son you
	layer_4: and she ran off at once to sonyu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonye
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonyo
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonya

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: sherushed to sawn yor hoked he and began to cry
	layer_4: she rushed he sownyu harked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed tis sonu harked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed tosonyo harked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonya harked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonya harked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: its too the al ou women a cry ba be sh oard pettur piscing the roumith lage resol ante stridts
	layer_4: it's tro thet all you women a crybaby sromar pitu piscing the roomath lage resollete strites
	layer_6: it's tru thet all you women are cribabis fremarke peta piescing the room ath large resolate stridtes
	layer_8: it's tru that ol you women are cry babies remarked petya pecing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's true that old you women are cribabies remarked petya parcing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's true that od you women are crybabies remarked petya parcing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: youre all blubers and and destaine nothing
	layer_4: youre all blubberers and undistind nothing
	layer_6: you're all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubbers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tashous smyle through her teyars
	layer_4: the tashus smiled thrugh her tears
	layer_6: ne tashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashas smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natasha smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what nasti brits the a
	layer_4: what nasty brits thee are
	layer_6: what nasty brits the ar
	layer_8: what nasty brits the are
	layer_10: what nasty brits thee are
	layer_12: what nasty brits the are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: hold your tunmgpito what a gos you are
	layer_4: hold your tonme peter what a goosh you are
	layer_6: hold you tongu piete what a goosh you are
	layer_8: hold your tonguepeto what a goushe you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue peto what a gouse you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue peto what a guuse you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smils do i  rememberdn nly cluse
	layer_4: sonyur smiles do i rememberenly clus
	layer_6: sona smiled do i remembraly cluss
	layer_8: sonya smiled do i rememberd me cluss
	layer_10: sonya smiled do i remember ne clus
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remember ne clus

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i dam membrenicoll aing to too i remember him well she said
	layer_4: i ramember nicollaing o too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i remember nikho ngto two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nicholainta too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember niccolaengta too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember niccolaengta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut hereyes
	layer_4: kno she shut her eyes
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she felthat son yoar wrs speaking to truth that thet wors such love a sunuar wes speaking off
	layer_4: she felt that sonya wease speaking to truth that ther wars such love a sonyar were speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya wase speaking tho truth that there wars such love as sonia were speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking to truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: shu believed it could be but didno understindits
	layer_4: she believed at could be but did not understand it
	layer_6: shed believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: shal you writ to him she aked
	layer_4: shal you write to him she asked
	layer_6: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: ne that he was already an officer and a winded hero whouldhit be rito remint him of forself aand as it might seem of the obpligations to howr he had teken on himself
	layer_4: new that he was already an officer and a winded hero would hit be righteto remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be righte to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i dont kno
	layer_4: i don't know
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: so u smiles no
	layer_4: sa yu smiles no
	layer_6: saw yu smiles no
	layer_8: saw y smiles no
	layer_10: saw yeu smiles no
	layer_12: saw yo smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becuoneshe was an loe without faht one his spectycles that was o piture descrayed his ne aimseake the knew coe bos ucof ad now she's an lo wit hu singer he med metashas it tallyi n seen master dat swhy shes tashaned
	layer_4: is becone she was an love withthaut faht one is specticles that was ho picure discrebed his nem stik the new conte bizukov ad know she's an love with to singher he med matashes ittalyoand sengn master that's why shes tashimed
	layer_6: et's because she was in love withthaut fat one is spectacles that was hor pitur described his nem seak the new coun't bazukov and now she's an love with thout singher he mede natasha's hitalian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her piture described his nemsik the new count bezukov and now she's in love without singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pitctur described his namesike the new count bezukov and now she's in love without singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pitcer described his nameseke the new count bezukhov and now she's in love without singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pit your your stuped said aetata
	layer_4: pityr you'rstuperd said metatha
	layer_6: pito yourestupad said matacha
	layer_8: petrio you r e stupid said natasho
	layer_10: petryio you re stupid said natasho
	layer_12: petio you ere stupid said natasho

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the congtes s haitd been prepeared by aunemy colov ness heads at denner
	layer_4: the cointes had been prepeared by anemy colover nhess hes at denne
	layer_6: the countess had been prepared by anemicalovrnous heans at denner
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anamikalovna's hends at denna
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by anna mikholovna's hends at dinna
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by anna mikholovna's hends at dinno

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: or retiring to her on room she satid an arm chere her eye sixsd on aminut arpportrid oer son on the lid of a snoff box while the tears kept comin into her eyes
	layer_4: on retiring to her ownroom she sat in and arm heer her eyes fixd on a minuture portrate ofe her son on ne lid of a snuff box while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a miniture portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm char her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the konts pruthis ea to the keehale and lesstend
	layer_4: the kuarans prut his ear to the keyhol and lessend
	layer_6: the korans prut his ear to the key hole an lisened
	layer_8: the cornts put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_10: the cyrits put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_12: the cyrits put his ear to the keyhole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at first y heard to sond of ai different voices then innamycaloveines voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silencs then bothfoicees together with glad intinations and then fouoit steps
	layer_4: at first the heard to signd of indifferent voices then i nemmi cal lovene's voice alone an a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then forot steps
	layer_6: at first he heard ha signd of indifferent voices then anemica luvna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then fouitsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard ha sougnd of indifferent voices then anamikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then foutsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annamikhalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annamikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: in en me falovno open the door
	layer_4: andemmy colovne opene the door
	layer_6: animicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: anymikalovna opened the door
	layer_10: anna mikalovna opened the door
	layer_12: anna mikalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she hearddes sony or blushed so that cers kim into her eyes and unablel to ber the los turned epon her ran away ainto the daning hal wher ow rind et it fhl speed with her dreass poftut ly cabelouon and flushed and smily plupede dine on de floore
	layer_4: when she heard this sonyar blushed so that ters cime into her eyes and unable to be ar the lokes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hol where owd drind id it fol speed with her dress pofedoutly caballoon and flushed and smiling pluped done onderfloor
	layer_6: when she heard this sonya blushed so that ters came into her eyes and unable to bear the lokes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whereold rinded at ful speed with her dras paffed outlike a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonya blush'd so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dres poffed out like a balloon and flush'ed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blush'd so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blush'd so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flush'd and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the konters was cryng
	layer_4: the contes was crying
	layer_6: the contest was crying
	layer_8: the contess was crying
	layer_10: the contesse was crying
	layer_12: the contesse was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from of he say s wont shoul be gld ad not cry
	layer_4: from a he say is one shoud be glad ad not cry
	layer_6: from al he say s one should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from all he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he sayis one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charmingly he desgraybe said she reading tho discriept of partith the leter and what ar soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he desgrabe said she readding the discript ov part oith the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he discrabe said she rading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i alwes sayd when he was ony so high i all wash saidt
	layer_4: i allways said when he was only so high i all was said
	layer_6: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i havebeen told that mistervembrant is inpreson for det i said
	layer_4: i hav been told that mister vambrand is im preson for debt i said
	layer_6: i hav been told that mister vanbrant is in preison for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister vanmbrand is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vanbrandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister vanmbrandt is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i so fom my self las night that he had left  yo holpliscs
	layer_4: and i saw from yself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_6: and i saw fromr myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: cemeltaf me tha little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoin satly
	layer_4: hme lefh me the little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoined sadly
	layer_6: ed eft me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: a left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: a left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: ha left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his crel cretiters an mored to blain dan he is for the poverty that his fallinonus
	layer_4: his cruel creditors are more to blainedin he is for the poverty that his fallen on us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to blandan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to bland han he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to bland than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to bland than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even this neggidint tefens of then braped stne wme to the quick i ought to havespoken wore gardedly of hm y said beterly
	layer_4: even this negadent do fence of tan brappe stung mee to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_6: even this negidant defense of van brappe stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negatant defense ofe anbrapp stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negatant defence of anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negetant defence of anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i oubto have r membered that i womin cin forgve almost any roungd than a man cn an sift on her when he s ad man whom she loves
	layer_4: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man kan an sift on her when he is an man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that a woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man can an slift on her when he is he man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslift on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enflift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong than a man can enflift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplet her hand an my meouth and stopptneg tbeforey could say any more
	layer_4: she pet her hand ln my mouth and stopp ne before i could say any more
	layer_6: she put her hand on my mouth and stoppe me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: haking yusepeak so crullas ime she asket
	layer_4: hawking you speak so crulysto me she asked
	layer_6: how can you speak so cruly to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confest it you the last ele we met you know thet my heart in secreit is all yors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last thome we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart an secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what ron a yu tapking og
	layer_4: what wrong are you talking ofh
	layer_6: what brong are you talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rog a sffered wen van brat marrie ne with a wife living at the time and living stil
	layer_4: is it the rog i suffered whene van brantmarried me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: do youe think i canovher forget the greatines portion of my life the misportun that hus made me unmore the of you
	layer_4: do you think i canoter forget the greatne's fortion of my life the misfortune that has made me unmorthy of you
	layer_6: do you think i cannever forget the great mis fortuon of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no falt of mine god nos but it is not the les true that i amnot mrydt and that the little jarling who was plig out there with her dall as my child
	layer_4: it is no fault of mind god knose but it is not the lesst true that i ham not married and that the little garling who was playng out there with her doll os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knowse but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll ows my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doul owes my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll owes my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her dolla owes my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and you talk of my being your wae nowing that the child ecxcepts me as her secon father i said
	layer_4: and yeu talk of my being your wife knowing that the child except s me as her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child axcepts me as her seconed father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be bettert and hapbyiar for us boh if you hot as little priede as if child prid she repete
	layer_4: it would be butter and hapyiar for us both if you hat as little prie as a child priede she repeate
	layer_6: it would be butter inhapier for us both if you hat as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a poseition uts mine
	layer_4: in such a position as mine
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: e helpless woman with the mo husben ain prison for det
	layer_4: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mock husband an prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: and might to marry you for my fhod an shalter
	layer_4: and mi to marry you for my food and shalt her
	layer_6: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: and migh to mary you becaus theres no lowful tid that by ans me to the father of my child
	layer_4: and mi to mary you because theres no lawful tie that by andse me to the father of my child
	layer_6: and i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that byancs me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that bians me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because thereis no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because thereis no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: bat is he s he his not for sakcen me he has been forced away
	layer_4: bot as he is he has not for saken me he has been forced away
	layer_6: bad as he is he hais not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: myt anwy frend is it possible that you thinkme ungraful anough to consent to be ar wife
	layer_4: mih only friend is it possible that you think me ungraful enough to consent to be yar wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the woman admi setuation must be heartlet andeed who cold destrory oer place in the as timation of the world in the regardt of e friends
	layer_4: the woman anmy setuation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy her place ind the estimation of the world ind the regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman ad my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of you friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her places in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: theug rechuedis creacture that wolxs estreedso wich rink from triting ou  an thot way
	layer_4: the retchedis creathur that wolks e streeds which shrink from tratting you in that way
	layer_6: the wretcheduce creature that walks o streeds would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedes creature that walks af streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedes creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedes creature that walks of streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: n wat er men made of
	layer_4: o what er men madeov
	layer_6: no what ar men made of
	layer_8: no what are men made of
	layer_10: now what are men made of
	layer_12: now what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can you hro tang eou speak of inct
	layer_4: howm can' you how can you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yel ded and spoke if it no more
	layer_4: a ye'l did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: a yiel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yel ded and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yel ded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: a yelded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wors she uttered only incresed my admiration of the noble creature whom iue had loved and lost
	layer_4: every word she uttered only incresed my admiration of the nobl creature whom i v had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: bitterly as i hadted the man who a partedus ad love her dearly anough to be even kapable of alpping him for her sake hompeless invactuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who haparted us and loved her dearly enough to be even capable of halping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us a loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't onih i dont excuseit hoplesse ind faturation you hav forgiven me i said
	layer_4: i don't deni it i don't excuse it hopeless an fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless and fatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: let me deservd to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserved to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it as somthingto be ar onte friend
	layer_4: it as something to be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plance for tha huthure tell me unereservredly how i canhelp you
	layer_4: you must have planse wor the futur tell me unreservedly how i can hepe you
	layer_6: you must have plansfor the future tell me unreservedly how i can hep you
	layer_8: you must have plants for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: conpled te good work that you had begune she anwere gratfully held me back to haulf
	layer_4: campled the good work that you had thegun she answer gratefully held me back to health
	layer_6: complede the good work that you hade begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: make me stroginough to sidmit to adoctor's estimet of mychantesomf liting for sam yarsyet
	layer_4: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimete of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a docter's astimate of your chancees of living ai repeatid what you mean
	layer_4: a doctor's es timate of your chances of living i repeated what d you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hardly now had  tell you she said without sbeaking again of mister van brant
	layer_4: i hardly know had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_6: i hardly know howd to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrandt

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeaking of him agaan mein speaking of histet sy ast
	layer_4: the speaking of him again mean speaking of his deabt sih asket
	layer_6: thes speaking of him again mean speaking of his debt si asked
	layer_8: the speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: te speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: the speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: why me do haditete
	layer_4: why me yo hed etate
	layer_6: why ma yo had etate
	layer_8: why mean you had etate
	layer_10: why mean you had a tate
	layer_12: why mean you had a tate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know that there's nothing hi wil not dou to aleave yor insietiys
	layer_4: you know that there's nothing i will not do to elieve yur en ciety
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to releve your ancietye
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxxietye
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxietiys
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxietys

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: noher let we tell you the plan tru
	layer_4: nover let me tell you the plainetruth
	layer_6: never let me tell you tha plain truth
	layer_8: nefer let me tell you tet plain truth
	layer_10: neffer let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_12: neffer let me tell you the plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: there is a serious mnessusite for his getting out of pristen
	layer_4: there is a serious nesucsity for his getting out of prisen
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes this iss his pisition in two words a little wilsens he a tained an excelen offer of im ploym an a broad from ariche rella tive a his and heahd man all his arangemens to excpt ict
	layer_4: yes this is his posicion in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of im ployman abroad from arich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to eacceptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employnment abroad from arich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sinse he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: anhapely he returneto tell my of is good fortuon and has saime day he was arrested fordet
	layer_4: an hapily he returned to tell mne of his good fortune and assame day he was arested for dept
	layer_6: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: the s nar that had been set for her wits plainli revield in tose warwords
	layer_4: thisnerd that had been set for her with plainly revealed in those fwarwaords
	layer_6: thesnearr that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fworwords
	layer_8: the snar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those forwords
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those forwords
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those for words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ei of the law she was of courses a sindgle woman she was av age she was to allintens and perpses her own mistress
	layer_4: in the eye of the la she was of course asingle woman she was of age she was to all intensin perposes her own mistresst
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intends and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there to revrent hear from and suring her lifef if she pleased and from so di sposing of the in surns as toy gov fan brat u to rect inthrest in her death
	layer_4: what was there to revrent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns asty give fambrat an de rect interist in her death
	layer_6: what was there to revent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insuranc as to give fambrt an direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambrent a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give vambran a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of insurance as to give vambran a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happe accidert of myphosition the one certain way a protecting her la easanly with the mreach
	layer_4: thinks to the happy accedent of my posicion the one certain way a protecting her lay easily with thi my reach
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easily with tin my reach
	layer_8: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offer to lene the stondrwl the money that he wanted an an ours noitis and he was amanto excepmy rposea quit is easily as i could make it
	layer_4: i could offer to len the scondrol the money that he wonted an an hours notice and he was eman to except my proposal quite is easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offere to lemd the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to len the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you are quit mistaken i replied
	layer_4: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: iamonly doubting whathey orplime her releving nisher van brant of his enbariasmence is quites uf simpolasie suppose
	layer_4: i am only doubting whether your plim for relieving nisur van brant of his embarassments is quite s ef simpolas y suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether yor plain for relieving mistur van brant of his embarrassments is quite so sympilos yu suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: ai yuaware of te delay s that ur likely to take place before ible be pcossible to bard moneying upolicy of an shurance
	layer_4: ar you aweare of the delays that our likely to take place before ibwile he possible to baorwe money ong a policy of insurance
	layer_6: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to boarow money yong apolicy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i known nothing about it she said sidly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wel you let me asket advice of my thoryrs
	layer_4: will you let me asked advice of my layrs
	layer_6: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are trust werlhy anexpeariansd men and i am sur the can be of huse to you
	layer_4: they are trust where ly anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of used to you
	layer_6: they are trustwerly unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustworly anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: caciously as i had xpesed myself her delacas see tiok the alarm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expessed myself her delicassy took the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promised haht you won't asked me to barow money of ou for mister ven branchshe rejoind and owil excupt you help grafully
	layer_4: promised that you won't asked me to borlw money of ew for misther vambranch she rejoined and i will except you help gratefully
	layer_6: promised that you won't ask me to barrow money of hyou for mister venbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brante she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you from mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you from mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could hon o sly promis thack
	layer_4: i could honestly promise that
	layer_6: i could honestly promised that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my on chance of saving her lay keeping from her knuwldge to courseaa had nowt determine tiersu
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay ind keeping from her knowledge to coursea had nou determined to persue
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsaa had now determined to pursue
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go wile my resolicion stil s istaime to me
	layer_4: i rose to go while my resolution still sustdaind me
	layer_6: i arose to go while my resolution still susdained me
	layer_8: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis ne she oasprd wefore you go
	layer_4: kissed ne she was spered before you go
	layer_6: kissed mey she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is onley her goodnes e over poweris me
	layer_4: it has only her goodness tha over powerse me
	layer_6: it is only her goodness that overpower s me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpoweres me
	layer_10: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: it's a sat thing for abyty to  lack brains wen ye ance toebe ateachre is antit
	layer_4: its a set thing for abody to lack brains wen she ants to be a teacher isun'tid
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains wen she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: bhen i lotp pe has donedt sou hard ol weiantor ant she has and gonme anywere ao the all ther sastem wistd futy
	layer_4: bend i lopy has danit sou hard alrl winter ad she has nt gone anywere oed the alther caster westfully
	layer_6: pen alopi has danied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thod the oder sister wistfully
	layer_8: pealope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thogt the older sister wistefully
	layer_10: penelopi has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: penelopi has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the elder sister wistefully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: dories dreamed of preatetresses ol thet night and thot abolt tam al the nex day
	layer_4: doris dreamed of preathit resses all thet night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of prejhit resses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of pretitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_10: dorris dreamed of preditresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of preditresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so it mut becon fas di penoopbe tou she would not havad mitet at far the aond
	layer_4: so it must beconfast didt penilo y thoug she would not have a mighted eit far the wand
	layer_6: so it must be confsstd did penelopy though she would not have atmight id it for the wond
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have amintid it for the word
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the world
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the wold

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she knuwdat en aobe had startid out to saye a newdress
	layer_4: she knewta thenilopy had started out to say a new dress
	layer_6: she new tha penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penalope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: doris hantr i belive it's and old quid
	layer_4: doris hanter i belive its and oud quiled
	layer_6: doris haunter i believe it's an out quiled
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilet
	layer_10: doris hanter i believe it's an out quilt
	layer_12: doris hanter i believe it's an out quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: li sanmfenalopthe mydea doris
	layer_4: risempenilov e mydear dogies
	layer_6: risen penelope my dear dorries
	layer_8: listene penelovi my dear dorries
	layer_10: listen to penelovvi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen to panelovi my dear dorries

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: love to peniono and your sen
	layer_4: love to penin ob and your set
	layer_6: love to penallob and yourself
	layer_8: love to pennelob and yourself
	layer_10: love to penelob and yourself
	layer_12: love to penelob and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: your affectiolnat ound a theahant
	layer_4: your affectionate ount at ther a hant
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adeahanter
	layer_8: your affectionate ount adela hante
	layer_10: your affectonate ount adela hante
	layer_12: your affectionate ount adela hante

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don'tse its beauty sedt than an ope weith a gry
	layer_4: i don't te its beauty sad than an opy weth agry
	layer_6: i don't see its beauty said then alopy with a great
	layer_8: i don't see its beauty said tenelopi with a grat
	layer_10: i don't see its beauty said penelopi with a grey
	layer_12: i don't see its beauty said penelopi with a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: ito may hav been prety once buk it is all sitid now
	layer_4: it may had been prety once but it is all sigded now
	layer_6: it may have been prety wonces but it is all sided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty one but it is all sited now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty ones but it is al sitid now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty ones but it is al sidid now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: ther me dory dos it ar wo alack of prowporryspectfur my unsustors that thi cant fel very andtusiasit aver thes har lomn hespecionly ean grund moderd hunter di eares before i was boar
	layer_4: termi dory does it argu alack of proporispect for my unsistors that i can't fel very andtosiasdit over this har lom especially en grand madher hanter died ears before i was born
	layer_6: termy dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ansestors that i can't feel very entusiastic over this harloom especially when grandmoter hunter died ears before i was born
	layer_8: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my anestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hereloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dori does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this herloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dori does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this herloom especially when grandmother haunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was bvhery kind o and at theirelittosendi said dois doty folty
	layer_4: it was verykind of and atheire aghto cendet said tois duty fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of antd a thei e aght to send it said toris duti forle
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt adeat to send it said toris duty fuly
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt adera to send it said toris duty fully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt aderra to send it said toris duty fully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why the rong sie is everso much pretur thander right is clained ban an opy
	layer_4: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier thande right is claimed penanopy
	layer_6: why the wrongside is ever so much pretier than the right es claimed penelope
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pratier than the right exclaimed penalopi
	layer_10: why the wrong side is ever so much preittier than the right exclaimed penellopy
	layer_12: why the wrong side is ever so much prittier than the right exclaimed penelopy

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely olds dimy stufs at not  beap satdit
	layer_4: what lovely allds dimy stuff at not abet sadded
	layer_6: what lovely als dimy stuff at not abeat sadded
	layer_8: what lovely alls dimy stuff at nogt a beat saded
	layer_10: what lovely all s dimy stuff at not a beat saddet
	layer_12: what lovely all is dimy stuff at not a beat sadded

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i e crar it is as good ans mu
	layer_4: i declar it is as good as mneu
	layer_6: ideclare it is as god as new
	layer_8: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as new

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: wele let d os go and has cee said fen a lotpy i e sidily hunggry
	layer_4: well let as go and havd cheet said ena loy i yecidetidly hungry
	layer_6: well let us go and hav cheap said penelopy i deciedly hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheat said benellopi i deciedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheat said penellopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheat said penellopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: hesite i see the baverty boclrd comint
	layer_4: besides i see the porverty boacar coming
	layer_6: besides i see the poverty bakelr coming
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty boklr coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty backelr coming
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty bocklelr coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: ift is someting to oses and hearr lon after aol
	layer_4: it is someting to poses an harlon after all
	layer_6: it is something to posses an aralone after all
	layer_8: it is something to posses and heralon after all
	layer_10: it is something to posses and heralon after all
	layer_12: it is something to posses and heralon after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: pan a lot be was o prise as mich as the tander sistirly heart cood resinne when doris flrish out appon her to on fin ly an the ivenig on the bparti we the blrecks cur niseley pras and re hon and the prekhest was i maginomer a way s that was a positivecreation f theyn t y rosbas prinkco seik we te gurdtel an t nowts of lack vev
	layer_4: pen alo be wasorprise as much as the tander sistirly hert cod wesion the wheen dories flased out upon her toon fantly and the evening on the party wih the pracks kir nicely prass and re hong and the prektest wastimaginof a was that was a positive creation o f thein terosbass prinkled silk wih ta girdel and knots of lak weve
	layer_6: peneloppy was rurprised as much as the tander sisterly heard coold wisiond when doris flashed out upon her tunfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirret nicely prassd and re hung and the pretest wast imaginobe awaist that was a positive creation on of tainte ros bass prinkled silk with a girdel and nouts of black velvet
	layer_8: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heard goold wish when doris flashed out upon her tmhantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettest wast imaginabe a waistthat was a positive creation on of deinty rosbassprinkled silk with a girdl and knots of black velvet
	layer_10: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart goold wish when doris flashed out upon her triomphantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of deinte rosm besprinkled silk with a girdle and nods of black velvet
	layer_12: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart good wish when doris flashed out upon her triomphantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginable a waist that was a positive creation on of dainte rosmbes sprinkled silk with a girdle and nods of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a lote went to blran sparty and her ras was ttdmuration of every gur ther
	layer_4: so ten a lopy went to blranc party and her drass mas that miration of every gir ther
	layer_6: so penelopi went to blank sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl the
	layer_8: so penalopi went to blanks party and her dress was the admiration of every girl thee
	layer_10: so penelopi went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl thet
	layer_12: so penelopi went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl thet

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: fhend y lot bes old her aln to bgelor sarmin
	layer_4: when he lo besold her a together sarming
	layer_6: when elobysold her utogether sarming
	layer_8: when elop e sold her altogether sarming
	layer_10: when elob be sold her altogether charming
	layer_12: when elob he sold her altogether sharming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she klnowsas if she had juststhapd olt of the fram of sume nlovely olt peature she say to her sen
	layer_4: she lusas if she had justs thaptd out of the frame of some lovely altpeature she sayd to her senf
	layer_6: she lokse as if she had just sthaped out of the frame of some lovely al peachure she saiy to herself
	layer_8: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely ald peacthere she sai to herself
	layer_10: she loooks us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peactere she sayed to herself
	layer_12: she looks us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old peachere she sayd to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: my ont a thi a gave me geve as ther matr a she stamr
	layer_4: my ount athera gave me give as ther mater ya she stamoryd
	layer_6: my ount adera gave me gave us the materialr she stammorid
	layer_8: my aunt adira gave me gave us the material she stammard
	layer_10: my aunt adera gave me gave us the material she stammard
	layer_12: my aunt a derra gave me gave us the material she stammard

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: ind named aftor her misuis fair ater sudenly pot her arm abot peni nloby and duw the yung gird to her har lovely old face and glo with delihdt and tenderness
	layer_4: and naved after her misses fairwatter sudenly put her arm about panilopy and ue the  young gird to her her lovely old face a glow with delighd and tenderness
	layer_6: end named after her missus farwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and drudh the young girld to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: iamnamed after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and rudh the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i m named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and reut the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: i m named after her missus fairwater suddenly put her arm about penelopi and reuth the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: thet you are mit grun nese she said
	layer_4: then you are my gran neece she said
	layer_6: then you are my gran neis she said
	layer_8: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand kniece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i so yo or thras i fundt sure you were or y litet to her i should rico nie that er ols bo se if i cam o crows t inte bet
	layer_4: when i saw your tress i feld sure you were related to her i should ricognie that eros bad sare if i came across ait intebak
	layer_6: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were relited to her i should recognite that rose bad sere if i came across it in tibet
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bad sire if i came across it in tibet
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibet
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibet

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: tan a ope was fora yeurs allther then i wans but we wared defoultit to each odher
	layer_4: ban alupe was for yers alther than i was but we were thevoted to each oder
	layer_6: penelopi was four  years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_8: panelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: penelopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofsto de s hord mother did and our hons palled was broken ap
	layer_4: son ofter deshour mother died and ourhais alld was broken ap
	layer_6: sone after des our mother died and ourhous alld was broken up
	layer_8: soon after dhisour mother died and our house hold was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our house hold was broken up
	layer_12: soon after disour mother died and our house hold was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whiht te i amosary lonly olld womn we hno body belonding to me
	layer_4: mhy hear i am osery longly ald womarn wih no bydy belongingto me
	layer_6: my dear i am ux ery longly ald woman which no body belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: now she paten missus fire weathers sof ald hand affecsioattly
	layer_4: now she patton missus faire wethers soft ald han affectionatly
	layer_6: now she pattened missus farewethors soft old hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she patened missus farwerther's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she paterned missus farwether's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she patened missus farwether's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: thoris and penn opy foll't ther leaves and plrans changed in the troinetcleing of an eiy
	layer_4: doris and peninopy faut their leves and plans changed in the twint cleing of an ey
	layer_6: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plancs changed in the twint cling of an y
	layer_8: doris and penalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twine cling of an ey
	layer_10: doris and panelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twinth cling of an eye
	layer_12: doris and panelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twinth cling of an eye

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: when missus far waterl had gone dorisand pen alo be looked at ecoder
	layer_4: when missus far weter had gone doris and pen a lo be loked at ech adder
	layer_6: when missus farweterl had gone doris and penelopy looked at each other
	layer_8: when missus fairweerl had gone dories and penelopi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus farewetdherl had gone dorris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus farewedhel had gone dorries and penelope looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slid intlo herd ble breint afte non dras her aund calld to har fram bylo
	layer_4: as she sleaed into her blu print after nown drass her ount calle to her fram bilow
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bellow
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: o'l jan rastanding at the fod of the steirs wiec a lampin one hand and the eure alled be be clanging to the other
	layer_4: aul generastanding at the fot of the stars with a lamp in one hand and the er all baby clanging to the other
	layer_6: oll januoa standing at the fot of the stairs wik a lamp in one hand and the year olld baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: ould jana standing at the fort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and ta year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: old genuas standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: old genuas standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as a bek shae plis omane we taron good neituured face geerfor and voaer ast he son flower was omt jain at all dimesand o casens
	layer_4: she was a beck shaleace woman wih taoun good natured face cheerfor and volgar as a sun flower was ond jan at all times and occasionte
	layer_6: she was a bigk shaples woman with around good natured face cheerfor and volgar as he sun flower was ownd jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeles woman with a round good natured face cheerfulr and vulgar as the sun flower was owned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sunflower was awnd jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sunflower was owned jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wun trun over unsey ho missus bigs be sthei s evning sceedy and you must take car of the baby tyeli get thack
	layer_4: iwanteran over andsee how missus biggs be is this evening sity and you must ake care of the baby ty li get tack
	layer_6: i wan't  run over and see how missus biggs be is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby til i get back
	layer_8: i want t run over and see how missus biggs by is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggesby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: seed they sihte and wen donsterfor the baby
	layer_4: seen tey sighe and ween dancster forn the baby
	layer_6: sin ay sighe and were downcters for the baby
	layer_8: sene they sighe and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_10: sine they sight and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sine they sight and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: all her dayse were alike as far as hard woark and doness went but heetcepted them jeurfulrey and anco plaining te
	layer_4: all her tayswere alike as far as hard work and dalness went but syhe acepthed them churfulry and ancomplaningy
	layer_6: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfuly and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but he theed resan having to lokc afst eor the beby wern hye wanthe trite her letter
	layer_4: but she did resand having to lok after the baby weren she wanted to righte her letter
	layer_6: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby whern she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did resint having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: theromus moan a mar boksaboe the keching which seedin they shardwy tods mare cousencs
	layer_4: the rom mus mon a marebox above the kichin which seed in tiy sharg wey twots mar cousincs
	layer_6: the roomas mone a mer box above the kitchen which sidin ta sharkdweik toods more cousins
	layer_8: the rumas mon a meare box above the kitchen which seetting a sherd wi tword mare cousins
	layer_10: thee rumasmon a mare box above the kitchen which seet ing a shargwik twor smare cousins
	layer_12: ther rumasmon a mare box above the kitchen which see ing la shargwit twor smore cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: hor bat andd the caugt were the litof girs laped ee d hot armos all the a teylabae spae
	layer_4: har bad and the caught were the liateoe girdslapped eilled at armost al the af tilabure spaces
	layer_6: her bad and the caout were the litle girs lapp filled up armost allthe avaelaber space
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the little girls slapped filled up almost all the available space
	layer_10: her bad and the cot where the little girls slapped filled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cogt where the little girls slapped filled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: us the that burctecror anger one i apear to be as large as an orengt wil the ather was the scise of a pe and the mont zexoged from ear toear
	layer_4: jus te that particor anger one i appear to be as large as an orenge while the other was the cize of appe and the mont exaged from ear to ear
	layer_6: justo that particlar angel one i appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of oppe and the mouth zexagtd from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angle one ey appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a p and the mouth zixagt from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pee and the mouth sixagtd from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pee and the mouth sixagd from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: seen ty hated thot muras virl laly as shecoudate anyting
	layer_4: sin tey heated that miras viro laly as se could hage aniting
	layer_6: sin tehated that miros veruladely as she could hade anything
	layer_8: syne hated that mirrors very laely as she could hate anything
	layer_10: synthe hated that mirror's very litely as she could hate anything
	layer_12: synne hated that mirror's very litely as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: her mather had did to thay ofter and seny there upon had come intl the hands of god aont jain wech tose boksfor heard dolry siis nothing ancs was let after the expincies of the dober finoro had bhen fa
	layer_4: ther mother had daed to day after and sidnay ther upon had come into the hands of good ount jan which dhose boks for herd dolry since nothing als was latt after the expances of the dabale finerolr had bhen pad
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sinea their upon had come into the hands of good ount jan which those boks for herd dory since nothing els was left after the expanses of the doubele fineral had behen pad
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and signey their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boks for herdory since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boos for hardori since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for harogdolri since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: prsently shld began to rwhi weh the flarshal freerlyxcikement ton her tace
	layer_4: presently shed began to rigte with the flacshal frea excitement on her face
	layer_6: presently she began to write with a flash o freal excitment on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flash of freal excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of rial excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to rite with a flush of rial excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: ollny one ansern caime too ialen duglness and that wos for rardthet to her bid the long sulfering adyt or aof the mapol lif
	layer_4: aonly one ancwer came to elindaglness and that was for wardthed to her bye the long selffering a detar off the mappo lef
	layer_6: only one answer came to alen dagnas and that was forwarded to herby the long suffering a ditor of the mappel lief
	layer_8: only one answer came to elen dagnas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappel leaf
	layer_10: only one answer came to elen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappel leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to elen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappel leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he rod dat ado his egted bard h im from mampershipin the cloe he was pwrainty and the lamit was eigten he rat the letters of te de partment wich marchin trass and al fom had toult of ansering sorm of the rle quest for qoress pon tet
	layer_4: herod that alldtog his egete brtd him from mambership in the clab he was gwrenty and he limit was eighteen he rad the leters of the dhepartment with maching tras and offorn had tougt of ansering som of the request for cress on dats
	layer_6: he ro that aldoh his agtiv bird him from membership in the clab he was gwenty and the limit was eighteen he rad the letters of the department with marching trest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on dets
	layer_8: he wrote that aldo his agid bird him from membership in the clav he was twenty and the limid was eighteen he read the letters of the department with murch interest and often had thought of answering somne of the request for crest on deaths
	layer_10: he wrote that aldo his ajdeve birt him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that aldo his ajtive birth him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the request for crest on deths

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he never had doneso boud alandobles ses lat ther was so ing thresting that he had desided toright to her
	layer_4: she never had don so bod elandublesssass letter was so in thresting that he had decided towright to her
	layer_6: she never had done so but elendoglasus letter was so in tresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but elen douglasas letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: she never had done so but ellen douglasas letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: she never had done so but ellen douglasa's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: would she be king i nough to cores bomwith hm
	layer_4: would she beking enough to corras pon wit him
	layer_6: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: o as to years auld from the east and had not yet forgoden to be hom seik atdins
	layer_4: he as to years ouwt from the east and had not yed forgodten to bev home sik at tines
	layer_6: he was two years out from thei east and had not yet forgotten to bee homesik at tines
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesik at times
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: sevdney like the letter and acwerad e
	layer_4: seivnay like the letter and atered et
	layer_6: sivna like the letter and atsurad eiat
	layer_8: sytney like the letter and asheread eat
	layer_10: cydney liked the letter and ashred et
	layer_12: cydney liked the letter and ashred et

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: she neverexpecthed to met jonlincon nor ded she weshd to doso
	layer_4: she never expecte to meet johnincone nordeegd she wish to docaw
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincol nor deid she wished to dosea
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the coresbon tanc it saulf shi fond herplation
	layer_4: in the corasbon dacitselt she fnd herplasion
	layer_6: in the correspondencs itself she found her plasion
	layer_8: in the correspondance itself she found her eplatiom
	layer_10: in the correspondance itself she found her eplation
	layer_12: in the correspondance itself she found her plagion

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jouhndin cung rod gresyacons of frange life and h dtanters on the farwestom lains so alnian and u mored froms nog ham dram rain fld life that seing ny al heys had the senzation off crossing a godd wer and shed apend alater from the bar and as forsinise own leter this is the way it read as she roulti
	layer_4: johndinon roued bresiar couns of frange life and ha dvantures on the far westom pblains so alnian and  remoth froms nige ham dram brainfelled life that seigna allways had tha senzation of crossing a gorf wer and shed opened alatter from the bar and as forsinasce own latter this is the way it read as she roubtit
	layer_6: johnlinconrod briziar counts of range life and a venturoes on the far westomne plains so alian and remoed fromts nugg hame dram brainfeld life that sign ta always had the senzation of crossing a garf wherean she opened a latter from the bar and as for synes own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_8: john linconrowed briziar counts of range life and adventureus on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug harm dram rainfield life that signay always had the sensation of crossing a gar wherean she opened a letter from the bar en as for sydgne's own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_10: john linconrote brizzierccounts of range life and adventurous on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham dram brainfield life that signe always had the sensation of crossing a galf wherean she opened a letter from the bar en as for sygne's own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_12: john linconrote brizzierccounts of range life and adventurous on the far western plains sow alien and remote from snug ham dram rainfield life that sygney always had the sensation of crossing a galf wherean she opened a letter from the bar n as for sygney's own letter this is the way it read as she roted

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the aver greeans praintil ter misterlinco
	layer_4: the aver greens braintil der mister lincon
	layer_6: the ever greens brainfill dear mister  lincol
	layer_8: the avergreens brainfille dear mister lincoln
	layer_10: the avergreens brainfielle dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the avergreens brainfielle dear mister lincol

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and its plm and breliency i love meting you people i love the repl off musy the hamo lovhter and converstion
	layer_4: i love life and its blom and briliency a love meeting you people i love the reple of musy the ham o lovheter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reple of musy the ham o lovhter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the harmo laughter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the ham of laughter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the harm of laughter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the man i had beng taking wi was polr more the grae notlhet e
	layer_4: the men i had been dalking wetd was ol more the grat knowtrie
	layer_6: the man i had been talking wit was ol more the great noedis
	layer_8: the men i had been talking with was all more the great novbedys
	layer_10: the men i had been talking with os ol more the great nobedys
	layer_12: the men i had been talking with os al more the great novetys

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as hi gwas i had contr ited him towas and he had loghdtandt lihkdit bukt his boks wil alwys have r nu mening to me hand s fort tru tha inside he himselve has given me
	layer_4: as et was i had contradicted him towice and he had loghed and liked it but his boks wil always have a new meaning to me hands fort tru the inside he himselve has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had lovhed and liked it but his boaks will always have a new meaning to me handsfortd true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me hendsforth through the inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it is sach mathings at thethese that geie life it sparconfor me
	layer_4: it is suchmetings at dhese that give life its parkal for me
	layer_6: it is such metings at these that give life its parkel for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you e ave be were of myg rops ethese olverhar
	layer_4: you weae be wearey of my rops o tese overher
	layer_6: you wr be wary of my robsodes overhar
	layer_8: you  be weary of my ropsodes overheir
	layer_10: yo w be weary of my rhapsodes overher
	layer_12: you wil be weary of my rhapsodes overher

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has seim puthy and ande standing for my averymo
	layer_4: she has sem puty and understanding for my every mo
	layer_6: she has sempaty and understanding for my every mo
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mode
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mode
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mode

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sinsirvely sen nate reacthmal
	layer_4: yrs sinscarely sennee richma
	layer_6: yurs sinserly signa richman
	layer_8: yours sinserly sinne richmon
	layer_10: yours cinserly sinne richmon
	layer_12: yours censerly sinney richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: o jankcame hom presently and cared away her a s liping baby seedntey sat her prayrs whent toe thadt and slet sonly and saird aniley she mailed her later the next day and the mantelat er and unsolrekag
	layer_4: out jan came home presently and caried away her asleeping baby seed nay sed her prayers went to bat and slept sonly and srranely she mailed her letter the next dayde and the monthlater and anser kame
	layer_6: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby seen ey sat her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her latter the next day and the monthlater and answer came
	layer_8: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby siney sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenili she mailed her letter the next day and ha month later and answer camne
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby scine said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenilie she mailed her letter the next day and a month later and answer came
	layer_12: olt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cidne said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenili she mailed her letter the next day and a month later and answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: seid made y not sleepe that night but tosd raslessly obo to crd in her pelo
	layer_4: sid maye e not sleep that night but tost rastnlessly about oh crid in herd pelo
	layer_6: sidmay de not sleep that night but thost restnlessly about or cried in her pelow
	layer_8: sydney di not sleep that night but tost restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_10: sydnmey did not sleep that night but tosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_12: sydney did not sleep that night but tosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: the good womon shok her a
	layer_4: the good worman shokher a
	layer_6: the good warmon shook her had
	layer_8: the good woman shook her had
	layer_10: the good woman shook her head
	layer_12: the good woman shook her head

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: sid n they trad the way of dhe trans grassor and ton d att its tons birsd to bon and d mar
	layer_4: si ey trod the way of the trans grassor and fond at its tons bursd to bon and marrow
	layer_6: sydn a throt the way of the trans grassor and found hat its thons burst to bon and marrow
	layer_8: sydina trot the way of the transgrassor and found at its thorns burst to bon and marrow
	layer_10: ciding ey trod the way of the transgrassor and found out its thorns burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: ciding ay trod the way of the transgrassor and found out its thorns burst to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yi see that therod all thar
	layer_4: you see that te road all t dhar
	layer_6: you see that  road allt dar
	layer_8: you see that road allf dar
	layer_10: you see that road al darn
	layer_12: you see that road alf darn

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was kno harbr or glinps of thistensat tesiburt
	layer_4: and there was no harbor or glimps of dhistuncy visiber
	layer_6: and there was no harbour or glimps of distancy visible
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: had the haltor keeper my the misdtake
	layer_4: had the halter keeper my te is take
	layer_6: had the halter keeper mye mistake
	layer_8: had the halter keep er mite mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper mater mistake
	layer_12: had the halter keeper mater mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: this is his place no body carsed the ever greeang but my self
	layer_4: this is his place nobody carsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody caurs it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody cals it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i don'ton the stand he said bur lrec sidly
	layer_4: i don't on ther stand he said be plreck edly
	layer_6: i don't understand he said perpleedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexedley
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexedley
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexedley

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: oh sedinteytwo ot har hands in the barst aof bationa broltics
	layer_4: oh sin ny two out har hands in e barst off bationa proltest
	layer_6: o seid a two out her hands in a barst of pationat protist
	layer_8: od simy too out her hands in a burst of patienate protest
	layer_10: oh siply two out her hands in a burst of patienart protest
	layer_12: oh sibnly two out her hands in a burst of pationart protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: no and you never well on the stend i gan't mye you on te sten
	layer_4: no and you never wel un dthe stend ican't my you on the stend
	layer_6: no and you never will understand i can't ma  you untherstand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't mae you understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make ou understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: everyting i tol you oboaltdet and my life was just imunchination
	layer_4: everything i toll yo abaltet and my life was just imangination
	layer_6: everything i told you aboutid and my life was just imangination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thin whyt tid you rhight dhm he asked blantly
	layer_4: then why tid yo right them he asked plankly
	layer_6: then why did you writ them he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why did you write dhemp he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did' you write them he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why didn you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why diyn yod the seie me
	layer_4: why di ut deceiv me
	layer_6: why di you deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i ditent mant wo the seae you i neverthut of such af thingg
	layer_4: o i diden't mean to deceivfe you i never thought of such of thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceioe you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i jut godent trit you abot my lie here not becaus itas har but i aso ouglyt and enty
	layer_4: i just gooden twrite you about my life here not because it owas hard but it lalso aglye and anty
	layer_6: i just gooldn't rite you about my life here not because it was hard but it also ugly and anty
	layer_8: i just could n't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it walsso ugly and ampty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and amty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and ampty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen wancei had begone i hak to kip it up
	layer_4: and when once i had begon i hadk to kip it up
	layer_6: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i founedt itsol fusin aking to
	layer_4: i found ightsol fustinating to
	layer_6: i found ight so fassinating to
	layer_8: i found iht so fasscinating to
	layer_10: i found it sou fascinating to
	layer_12: i found it soul fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: thos let ers mayde that atheir life seeme real to me i never yxpected to me you
	layer_4: those leteres mad that other life seeme real to me i never expected to met you
	layer_6: those letters mayde that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: theseclased for days sein shulather caim have bein dreadfool to me
	layer_4: thes lased four days senc yulatther came have been dreadfl to me
	layer_6: dislased four days since youlatter came have been dhreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you latter cam have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you latter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: oh plys go way and sorcaire me if you can
	layer_4: oh blese go away and forgave me if you can
	layer_6: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: ito as wars tan she had even tulld it would bhe
	layer_4: it to was bars dhan she had even toud it would be
	layer_6: it was wars than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was wor's than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was wors than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: to wals so hadsom so melly sow earnest i
	layer_4: he was so hadsome so melly so earnest eid
	layer_6: he was so handsome so meli so earnest eyd
	layer_8: he was so handsome so melly so earnest yed
	layer_10: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed
	layer_12: she was so handsome so melly so earnest eyed

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jounlinkon open the gate and wend optoo heir
	layer_4: johnlincone opend the gate and went up too her
	layer_6: john lincon opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to here
	layer_10: john lincol opened the gate and went up to there
	layer_12: john lincol opened the gate and went up to here

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: plieas don't thistrys your selt so seidny he said an conchasly a sing herd chresthen ny
	layer_4: please don't thistrise your sel so sine he said anconciously using her crest han na
	layer_6: please don't destrice yourself so sine he said unconsciouously using her creistian nam
	layer_8: please don't destryse yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_10: please don't destress yourself so cidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't destryss yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i thing i dow on te stemn
	layer_4: i thinkg i do on the stan
	layer_6: i think i do ontherstand
	layer_8: i think i do understand
	layer_10: i think i do understand
	layer_12: i think i do understand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: iand not such a da selto as you take my for
	layer_4: a'md not such a darl selow as you take me for
	layer_6: im not such a darl sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i'am not such a darl sellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dul fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a durl fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after orl thoseletors weretu r rather there was trut in them
	layer_4: after alr those letters were t or rather thee was trut in them
	layer_6: after al those letters were trug or rather there was trulth in them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the soug man wals sertamnly goond at un derstaning
	layer_4: the soung man wi certinly good at understaning
	layer_6: the s young man wase certainly good ad understanding
	layer_8: this young man wase certainly good ad understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good ad understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good ad understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you you r forgive me than she stamoat
	layer_4: you' you'll forgive me then she stemid
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stemlt
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stamulrtd
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stamard
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stamalt

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but invhe stav e the niance they woll havd bee lord nissipul age
	layer_4: but inter stavo thi nicens they wol havd bee lowd nessipal age
	layer_6: but in the staye of thiniscence they would have been lored nacifolt age
	layer_8: but in the state of innocence they would have been lowered nicifol age
	layer_10: but in the state of indnocence they would have been loweed nispol age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence they would have been loweled nissifol age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the conturary everythin generadeed i spirsting perfect but bin nthe citepenissance cirding l hap beiit ba goam byenearation
	layer_4: om the contrary everything generaded anspersting perfect but en the citifinicens chirdin will hapbiin the gadtomd by generation
	layer_6: on the contrary everything generated insfirsting perfect but in the citifinicence childrien will hap beei the godemn by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated and s firstingperfect but in the citihinicence children will hav bein the garen by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated and spirst imperfect but in the cinichaniscence children will hav being the godem by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated and spirst imperfect but in the cinichaniscence children will hav being the godm by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theihfor from the first thy wild happeen in prfect enbudin esizeand poer
	layer_4: therefore from the first they wild happen in prfect inbob an esiseand power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they would havppen in perfect imnbodan y size and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they woill happen inperfect inbodandly size and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect embodenly size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect embodinly size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: the oefore in te statepinisence they was kno need for womin to be born on the constrary leaturus percass in gemeration wlut happin ingcomilny with nmevter in whichshiv lassestapished by got
	layer_4: the arefore in the statof inocence they was no need for womeng to be born on the contrary datures porsass in generation with happen in comony with mener in which it was established by got
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of innocence there was no need for a womeng to be born on the contrary ature's porcass in generation would happeng incommony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a women to be born on the contrary dactures porcess in generation wuth happy ing in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary nathuros porcess in generation  happying in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for a women to be borne on the contrary nachurous porcess in generation happying in comony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for whither indastate men wildhave be mester romen
	layer_4: for whether indastate men would have bee mester remen
	layer_6: for whiether in thas tate men would have ben mester a romen
	layer_8: for whither in that state men would have been master o roman
	layer_10: for whither in that state men would have been master oromen
	layer_12: for whither in that state men would have been master oromen

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theefore in the stitifpunisence ban had no massership of the animaos
	layer_4: therefore in the stadifponisence ben had no massershipe of the animals
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefore in the catap unocense before manhad itsbade nogh ing os bad n that wls naturaly subjact to haime
	layer_4: therefore in the sat of enocence before manahad isbade nothin does badem that was naturally subjack to haim
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocence before manna had isbad nothing disbadin that was naturally subjact to haim
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before mano had itspayed nothing disbadin that was naturally subjact to him
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before manhad ispade nothing disbadin that was naturally subjact to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before manhad ispade nothing disbadin that was naturally subjact to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sigain ly dhis us pruw by the drof do bine trovedeece which hil esgobers and ferythingsby theisurpperio
	layer_4: signly this isprove by the oder or devine providenence which hilas coverns ind ferythings by the serppero
	layer_6: sigonly this asproved by the order o of divine providenence which hoescoverancs an ferol things by this uperior
	layer_8: sigonally disapproved by the order divine provideence which hih is goverancs inferior things by this superior
	layer_10: segondly disisproved by the order of a divine providnce which hivesgoverans inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: sicondly disisproved by the order of a divine providnce which hivesgoverns inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: thertainly dhis is provfed frum a probertyv man an other nmals
	layer_4: certainly tis is proved from aprobertave man and other animals
	layer_6: certainly dis is proved from a probrtave man and other animals
	layer_8: certainly this as proved from a propartave man and other animals
	layer_10: certainly this is proved from a probargave man and other animals
	layer_12: certainly this is proved from a probagave man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whlt averis partis padet istubjated whad is essential an  inver so
	layer_4: now whataveris part his patet is tobjated what is the sential and ineverso
	layer_6: now whataveryes partis pated is ubjected what is the sential and innoverso
	layer_8: now whateveryse part is paidet is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whataverase partis painted is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whataverase partis painted is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: therefore as bjaction o other animals to man ais proke to benatural
	layer_4: thefore  asbjaction of other animals to man as prope to be natural
	layer_6: therefore asbjection of other animals to man as proope o be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proov to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proof to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man as proof to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would now hiver on this cond have been accepted from the master ship of men as neither at pressennor they for that reason excepted from the massership rv plat was probidins haswar dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiver on this cont have been accepted from he master ship of men as neither at pressen or they for thai reason axceptide from the mastership of ad was probidens has or dain a this
	layer_6: they would not hiver on this cant have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at preson or they for their reason acceptede from the mastership of yad whas providencs has ordain a this
	layer_8: they would now hiveer on this kand have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of ad whose providence has ordain a this
	layer_10: they would now hwver on this kan have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present or they for their reason accepted from the mastership of ad whose providence has ordaine all this
	layer_12: they would now howver on this kand have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of bad whose providence has ordaine all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this i sicun font by fackth at go let ateley enimost to men that he mut give the names expressive of their respectof natures
	layer_4: this a sigontfied bye fact that got ledaly animost to men that he mut gave the names expressive of their respectofe natures
	layer_6: this assignfied by the fact that god led at ty animost to men that he mugt gave the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_8: this is signified by the fact that god let at tle animos to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led at leanimos to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led atte animos to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so ainmes woue have a bit men a ther own cord as in the pressens day some to mestiacg inmos a bea himg
	layer_4: so al anmos wold have a bet men of ther own court as in the presens day some to mestac enmos abayhing
	layer_6: so all animas would have a bid men of their own court as in the presence days some domastic enimos obeyhing
	layer_8: so all aneimals would have a bit men of their own court as in the presente day some domestic enimals obeyhimg
	layer_10: so all anmils would have a bit men of their own court as in the present day some domestic animals obey him
	layer_12: so all animials would have a bit men of their own court as in the present day some domestic animals obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: objacktion one itwls seeme that en ne savernossens man ould not havlfe had masership ol er ol other creatures
	layer_4: objacktion one itwil seem that ingthe savinecense man woeld not half had mastership over allother creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it will seem that a the saeanicense men would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it will seem that ino save inocence men would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one itwill seem that in the save innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the save innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much as vbeyfor woutd e have a bat men inthe sat f iniscene
	layer_4: much las bere for would he hab a bat men in the stateof inocence
	layer_6: much last pafore would e have a bate men in the state of innocence
	layer_8: much last vefor would he have abate men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much last view for would he have obait men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much las view for would he have obait men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: the arefor sngs it isd by theis reason that manis compitento hap mastership it seems fvetyn te stivevlansence man hanold mean in over plens
	layer_4: the arefore since it is by this reason that man es competon to hale mastership it seems featyng the stivenance man hadnod men an overplens
	layer_6: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetdting the stavl insanse man had no mean in overplans
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of inosance man had not bean an overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of inosance man had not been and overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of inisance man had not bean and overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: know h mem reason the hast positionof master an nowt otha subject
	layer_4: now emenreasone has to position of master and nowt of a subject
	layer_6: now he men reason has ta position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_8: now he men reason has tha position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_10: now e men reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_12: now e men reason has the position of a master and not of a subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: y n ser tat we must nese ofdmit that in th primut of stath ther would have been some inycadity at leaset as wregords sex becaus generation thepencsupon dogersityve sex and likeuice as regars ag for some oud have been born of others norwod sexur uny have been sderal
	layer_4: iinservedthat we must neas ofmit that in the primutive state there would have been some iniequatity at least as regards sex because generation the penceupon doversitaof sex and likewice as regards age for some wuld have been born of others norawold saxuruning have been steral
	layer_6: i inserve that we must nes amid that in e primitive state the would have been some inequatity at least as regard sex because generation tde pendeupon diversitave sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexral uning have been steril
	layer_8: i inswere that we must nees admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequaldity at least as regards sex because generation depends upon digversityve sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexr union have been steril
	layer_10: i answere that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexra unio have been steril
	layer_12: i answered that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexra union have been steril

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: theare mit alseo have bein bud it ly dhis parity
	layer_4: there might alsa have been butitly disbarity
	layer_6: there might also have been buditly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been buddily desparidy
	layer_10: there might also have been bodiely desparady
	layer_12: there might also have been bodiely desparady

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: ina coredt mit als we rise on thef pars of nature as bove distribped without ina defasflnature
	layer_4: anacority mit alse wre rise on the pards of nature as bove describped without ana difacttl nature
	layer_6: na qority migt alsorise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_8: an accority might also rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_10: an auchority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature
	layer_12: an auchority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: objacktiin one hei wol simd that a mestedif humiens mantld not had be mestervermin
	layer_4: objaction one he ill semed that a thestae of tomsins man uld not had bee masterermen
	layer_6: objection one he will seeme that an the stat of conncence man would not hav been master over men
	layer_8: objaction one he will seem that in the state of connicance man would not have bee master overo men
	layer_10: objection one he will seem that in the state of onnisance man would not have been master over o men
	layer_12: objection one he will seem that in the state of onnisance man would not have been master over o men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: therefore in the stayde of hemisence mald no hav pbeen subjata man
	layer_4: therefore in the state of he misence man woutd now have been subjata man
	layer_6: therefore in the state of immissence men would not have been subject o men
	layer_8: therefore in the state of imnocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: inother sense mesership is referd an ageneral sens to any cn of sub jept and in this enceven he hased the office of covernyng and diructing free men ta bhe caugt imaster
	layer_4: inother sense messership is referd ana general sence to any cinof subject and in this sens even he hased the office of coverning and diructing free men ca be caght a master
	layer_6: inother sense mesership is referred an a general sense to any kin of subject and in this sense even he hase the office of governing and directing free men can be cagt a master
	layer_8: in other sense masorship is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even heh has the office of governing and directing free men can be caugt a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caght a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such a con if maste should would have existed in te stad ifnisest betwin  n men for two reasons
	layer_4: such a conipf master should would have existed in de stadifinices betwen me and men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a konifmastershup would have existed in the steatifanices between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastershap would have existed in the stat finices between men and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stateof inices between men and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state ofornices between men and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor than this ye have being herd to raylon ou my lod for a now ieze jug
	layer_4: more than this heu have beein her to rail on you my lord for are now hise judge
	layer_6: more than this he have beeng heard to rail on you my lord wor im now his judge
	layer_8: more than this he have been heard to rail on you my lord fhor i'm now his judge
	layer_10: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord for i'm now his judge
	layer_12: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord for i'm now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: sud thui jous doom would be to doiuon the spot sto let us hear whatdou hasto say
	layer_4: juc dhi just doom would be to dori on the spot stup let is here what thou has o say
	layer_6: jurch di just dtoom would be to dry on the spot stup let us here what thou hast to say
	layer_8: juge di ust doom would be to de on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: judge di gurs doom would be to die on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: judge di gours doomb would be to die on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the juge to some op the cangs spetk this you seiv is man who has made such a stiry now r cown
	layer_4: then the judge to some op the kangs spoke this you see is men who has made such a stirry now r town
	layer_6: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thos you seevethis men who has made such a stirryg nard town
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who has made such a sturry nard town
	layer_10: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thes you see this man who hasth made such a stirryng nard town
	layer_12: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thes you see this man who hath made such a stirryng nar town

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thes wil wone not is like boardtottuth and new man rols from his death the trevba seme way wias quistion
	layer_4: thos why wee nost his lak proar he truth a new man ros from his death the traba seam way was quishtian
	layer_6: toes why ene not his lak for te truth a new man rose from his death the trabers seeme way was quistian
	layer_8: dues whyl wel not his like or the truth a new man rose from his death the trabers seemed wa was quristian
	layer_10: thus why wen not his lock for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabers seem way was chistian
	layer_12: thus why wen not his lock for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabers seem way was christian

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: com gooheld ful sa cresh im let es ward on the gras
	layer_4: com good help ful said gris him letters walk on the grass
	layer_6: come go helfol said chrisham letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpful said gresham let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpful said grisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpful said grisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so the set of trourg the feeames
	layer_4: so they set o tugh the femes
	layer_6: so they set off through the femes
	layer_8: so they set off through the femes
	layer_10: so they set off through the fumes
	layer_12: so they set off through the fumes

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hofol i had my fearcs from the firstd and si gave y ar hin priston goi friend i gre that i have brugthyu outof the rigt phath
	layer_4: pupfour i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hant phristan go friend i grive that i havh broght you  out of the rihe palth
	layer_6: hopfol i had my fears from the first and sil gave you a hat christian good friend i grived hat i have brought you out of the right alth
	layer_8: hopefoul i have my fears from the first and sol gave you a hat christian good friend i agrieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopeful i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopeful i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hate christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: ouful sayna more no doubt it is for ouicgood
	layer_4: oful say o more no doubt it is for ougood
	layer_6: hopful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_8: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_10: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_12: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: proshon we hou must no sten thus leteustridti golld bag
	layer_4: prschan whel you must now stent thus let us try t golld bak
	layer_6: prichan where you must now stend thus let ustry to gold bag
	layer_8: prisian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_10: cristian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bak
	layer_12: christian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bak

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then se trind dispair o have no rae of forcal waykim here the grounk nong which you lye is ming
	layer_4: then sat trined despair you have no righte of fortual wa ing here the ground on which you ly is min
	layer_6: then set tryingd despair you have no right of fortual way ging here the ground on which youd lie is mi
	layer_8: then sep trying despair you have no right of fortual way ing here the ground on which you lie i's myie
	layer_10: then septryin despair you have no right of fortul wayin here the ground on which you lie is myine
	layer_12: then septry in despair you have no right of fortunal wayin here the ground on which you lie is mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not mich to say as by knew that thy wreing fout
	layer_4: the had not much to say as by knew that they were ing fort
	layer_6: they had not much to say as beyn knew that they were in ford
	layer_8: they had not much to say as bey knew that they were in fowrd
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in ford
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in ford

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by besact wih cou our sos aswell
	layer_4: and by besact wich oul or sols as well
	layer_6: and by besact wickul our sos as well
	layer_8: and by thisac we killed our souls as well
	layer_10: and by thi sack we kill our souls as well
	layer_12: and by thi sack we kill our souls as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he now wen tong to hecim to the house ad ha dor which he was to not this itit two or fhree toms
	layer_4: he know when tonge to he cem to the house ad the dorif which he was to knock this ided two or fhree combes
	layer_6: he now when tongue to he cam to the house atd the dor if which he was to knock this it ed two or fhree cims
	layer_8: he now wen tonged till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this ited two or three times
	layer_10: he now went ong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this ied two or three tcimes
	layer_12: he now went ong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this ided two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: gristin i have come to seeto goot man ef the house
	layer_4: gristan i have come to ceea to good man of the house
	layer_6: gristan i have come to see a good man af the house
	layer_8: christan i have come to see t a good man of the house
	layer_10: christen i have come to see i a good man of the house
	layer_12: christien i have come to see it a good man of the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: criston sir i ancomfrom the city of thi stuption and an m my way t mon soeme
	layer_4: christian sir i am come from the city of dis ruption and e momyway t o mon sune
	layer_6: christian sir i am come from the city of desreption and am a my way to monsalum
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of desruption and am on my way to monalam
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to monalumn
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to monsalun

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i wasl stod by th man thestans of hegate that itf him here you shill me ko things bat would helt me
	layer_4: i wils stoled by the men the stands af the gate that it fi ham here youts shill mae gooth things bat would help me
	layer_6: i will stoed by the man tha stands af the gate that if f i cam here you wil sheow me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i wasl stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you w show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i come here youl show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i come here youl show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stoode as inf he would letoful men and a cron a god harn near he s hat
	layer_4: he stood as inf he would pleafur mean an a crown of gold har knear heis head
	layer_6: he stood as if he would plea for men an a crown of goald har near hi's head
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near his heard
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near his head
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near his head

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: cruiston whad dthis is mean
	layer_4: cquistan what dhis this mean
	layer_6: chistian what dois this mean
	layer_8: christian what does this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: thent he too hie to a lart room that was foe of dus for in had not bing spuept and enthorpredar tolt hes man to swueetped
	layer_4: then he took hi to a larch room that was fol of dos for it had not being swept and interpereder tot his man o sweetpled
	layer_6: then he took him to a large room that was fol of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter toldhis man to sweepit
	layer_8: then he took him nto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweepit
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: quistom whate meangstbhese
	layer_4: quistion whate mings pese
	layer_6: qhistian what mans bes
	layer_8: christian what means bes
	layer_10: christian what means tes
	layer_12: christian what means bes

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: the you tnat sowta made com en te nade dous so i seem ma clineg and ladte lo by fain the bok
	layer_4: then yunat sort made com en to lader dus so o seem may cling and lade low by faith in the bok
	layer_6: then eunat sort made come ing to later dust so e seem maye clein and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unat sawed made come into late dust so we seemed may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the unat sawed a maid come into layte dust so e sen may cling and laid low by faith in the buck
	layer_12: the unat sawd maid come into layde dust soe sin may cling and laid low by faith in the buck

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just ask tristhon cem up to te crows a slo slae fron his back close to de mouth ed te tom wherr id felling and i sawd no mar
	layer_4: just ask phrestion came up to the crows he slowde stay from his bak close to the mous of the tum were it felling and i saw id no more
	layer_6: just ask christian came up to the crows he slowd sliyd from his back close to the mouts of the tumb where it felling and i saw it no more
	layer_8: just as christian came up to the krows he slow slived from his back closed to the mouths of the tumb where it felling and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the kraus he slowly slied from his back close to the mouths of the tumb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the kraus he slowly slied from his back close to the mouths of the tumb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stooe thosean wept lo thre broighd wananscinthhim and one of them said he u s peet o thee thou has grish fron tie seings
	layer_4: as he stood those ind wept low three brigte wonse kan tohim and one of them said hespeeto thee thou hastgrease prome thy sings
	layer_6: as he stood those an gwept lo three bright oce cam to him and one of them sad pe speeto thee thou hat grase from thy sings
	layer_8: as he stood those and gwept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said pe beeto thee thou hast grase from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thuse and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said pease be to thee thou hast graced from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said pease bea to thee thou hast graced from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tcristion gav free lepes forjo and sen as he went ahh what a plas as pis blast craws blest toon
	layer_4: tristian gave tree leaps for jol and sen as he went a what a plays his phis blast craws blest toone
	layer_6: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a playse his bis blast cras blast tune
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joy and send as he went ah what a plays is fiz blast kras blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leaves for joy and saing as he went ah what a play s is fiz blast crass blast toun
	layer_12: christian gave three leaves for joy and saing as he went ah what a play is is fiz blast crass blast tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen tom this to he came to a ve where he slf re men who wrein a sone sleeap with chanson d  feet
	layer_4: he wentone thus to he came to a veil wher he selftremean who warein a sone sleep with chans on ty ufeet
	layer_6: he went on thus til he came to a veil where his sofh remen who wereing a san sleep with chains on dhe oufeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a veil where he sotery men who were ing a som sleep with chains on d ofet
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a vale where his soferee men who were in a sand sleep with chains on he ophete
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a vale where his soferee men who were in a sand sleep with chains on the ofhette

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: cuiston sirs blence combyou and were t ta gol
	layer_4: qhuistian sers lence compu and were ty the go
	layer_6: qhuistian sers lende com and wer dy ta go
	layer_8: christian sirs lens compue and where dy ago
	layer_10: christian sirs lens combyu and where di a go
	layer_12: christian sirs lens combeyu and where di a go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: fr manzed and poperce wae reborn ing thelended pflain glory and ourowno wayd moun dine for pras
	layer_4: for malised and pocercy we reborn ing dhe lendefaine glory and our on nou waydt mount din for pras
	layer_6: for maist and pocricy we reborn ing the lando pfainglori and our own now weiy to mountsdine for praise
	layer_8: for maest and hpocrisy we reborn in the landaain glori and our own our way to mount din for praise
	layer_10: for maddest and hypocrisy we reborn in the landofpainglory and our own our way to mount dyn for praise
	layer_12: for maddest and hypocrisy we reborn in the landofaineglory and our own our way to mount din for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: noh eou not that he that coms noting hat a door bhut claomsup to getting the sayme mesher thie
	layer_4: knowh you not that he that coms not in nhat a door but clambsee to getting the same mazar thief
	layer_6: now you not that he that coms not in thet adoor but clampsup to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: now you not that he that comes not in at adoor but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know yo not that he that comes not in et a dor but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know yo not that he that comes not in et a door but clims up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the told quistion that e had nonly for car on thes gor for nong uwse had made laow and they could prov dhaty had bein sovr years
	layer_4: the told quistion that he had nonly forcare on thes gor for long us had made a law and they could prove that had been silver years
	layer_6: they told qhuistian that he had known y for care on des gor for long ews had made i law and they could prove thatit had been silver years
	layer_8: they told christianed that he had known e for care on descor for long uws had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christian that he had known e fur care on descor for long years had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christian that he had known e fur care on descor for long years had made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes said thing nodoutevet
	layer_4: yes said thyn no dot of it
	layer_6: yes said thy no doubt of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho rot et l pray what or hyos
	layer_4: and if we getting the broate at al pray what or the ods
	layer_6: and if we getting the broate at all pray what are vhiods
	layer_8: and if we'e getting the roat at all pray what are theods
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ods
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ods

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: znot ourccas us grudtasturs
	layer_4: snot ou ocase as goe dhastures
	layer_6: s not our acase as good es ors
	layer_8: is not our ccase as good esturs
	layer_10: is not our ccase as good ast ors
	layer_12: is not our ccase as good ast jors

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sow  dn that the oll wun tomto they cim t e fhoot ed the hearl of difcuoty way ere they was asprem
	layer_4: i sa dene that the yo wint onto they cim to th fhood et the hearl of difcoty weare they was a sprim
	layer_6: i saw dine that they yar went onto they cam to the foot of the her of difficoty wheer they was a sprame
	layer_8: i saw dhen that theyal went on ti they came to the foot of the he of dificuoty wherer theye was a sprem
	layer_10: i saw den that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hell of difficulty where theye was a sprig
	layer_12: i saw dhen that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hel of difficulty where theye was a spring

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wen quistian gohd ass pis a sprin a flve he drengabidt and then wont of  h
	layer_4: now won quistian god as prhaes a sprin of live he drenk af it and then went up heg
	layer_6: now hen quistian god as far as a sprin of live he drenko it and then went upth hul
	layer_8: now when chistian got as far as ha sprin of live he drenk of it and then went uph hule
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hel
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hel

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now half we ue was accae ba by dnnod of that h that thosewo came by myt restpher
	layer_4: now half we ore was a cave mae biy the nord of that he that thosewhol came bye mit rast ber
	layer_6: now half we ut was accave made by the lord of that hure that those who came by mat rasver
	layer_8: now half wyod was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by mat rasbver
	layer_10: now half wyut was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met rashber
	layer_12: now half wayut was a cave made by the lord of that huge that those who came by met rasber

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that im was e he themen to clm but that woin ley had goe halwo lthey foumn that they met with more and mordis sol d at ueet feari cim onden and aol the coul dob wlas to tr m bak
	layer_4: timer sad that zn was be he the men to clom but that wen lay had goe half fvwy they fond that they met with more an morrisk soldet rat fer cimornden and ol they could do was to tr hom batk
	layer_6: timorers sad tha dai was be hu they men to'clam but that winleay had got half way they found that they met with more and morrisku se det great fear kimondhen and all they coulddo wasto trem bat
	layer_8: timoerers sad that dne was pe hu they men to clim but that winleay had gont half way they found that they met with more and more risk sel dhat great fear kimonden and all they could do was to tim bath
	layer_10: timmerers sad that zi was behi they men to clam but that winla had gote half way they found that they met with more and more risk sol that great feir kemon dhen and all they could do was to trin back
	layer_12: timmerers sad that zin was behi they men to clam but that whinlay had gote half way they found that they met with more and more risk syl that great feir kemon dhen and all they could do was to trirn back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes said he mistrirst for just in fromt ervus bere la two beatss of preayn ouwr pave woul now narte these nept ora noutd but we though that theywold forled acs antorau ligs
	layer_4: yes saidhe mistrust for achust in fromt he us beyrlay two beatsts of prayn our path we knew nati theys nuptd rwnod but we thoughthat they would fallowdars enterou lems
	layer_6: yes saidthe mischust for anchest in frontee us ber lay two beasts of prayn our path we knew not if they snaptronad but we thoaugh that they would follewr tes and tyrour lis
	layer_8: yes said the misthust for a chest in front o vas ber lay two beasts of pray n our path we knew not if they snaped ronard but we though that they would follow thers and ter our lambs
	layer_10: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front oves bere lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow thes and teer our lambs
	layer_12: yes said the mistrust for a chest in front of ves bare lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they snapped rhonard but we thought that they would follow thes and teer our lambs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yed hi thought once more ta what he had hared fon the man and then he fouting hiscok for hi sgrod that he mot reeaded and ponicome pis
	layer_4: yet he thought once more it what he had heard from the man and then he fout ing his coed for his sgrowd that he might readed in fini some pece
	layer_6: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt hin his coat for his crow that he might readed an fin ed some peace
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt hin his coat for his gro that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crow that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his scrow that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he sl foree but sound id not
	layer_4: heselt for id but soundat not
	layer_6: he selt forei but soundit not
	layer_8: he felt for hit but soundid not
	layer_10: he felt for it but sounded not
	layer_12: he felt for it but sounded not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his neeas to prai that godwiulh gi en gricefl bhes aet and then when bat to looke forh scrod
	layer_4: so he foll don on his knees to prayve that god would giv in graceful bisact and then when bat to lok for he scroad
	layer_6: so he fell down on his knees to prae that god would give him graceful disact and then when bat to luok for he scrod
	layer_8: so he fell down on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful disact and then went bact to look for as scrob
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to prayve that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for a scrowbe
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to praye that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to look for a scrowbe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that ir n sading to sli bying the day time so to gy fi of the flashas to usewor heas that reast which lord of fa h hat made but for hel ith te son
	layer_4: ho fo that  an saidhing to slipping the day time so to ga foit o the flash as to usepore yease that reast which lord o fa he had made but ford helt it the son
	layer_6: o for that i an said him dto sliping the day time so to gave voit to the flash as two usepfor yese that rest which lorda fo hue hav made but ford helth ith the son
	layer_8: o for that i am said him to sleiping the day time so the givevoit of the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord a fahu hate made but ford health it the son
	layer_10: o for that i am said he to sleping the day time so te gave wi of the flesh as to use for yes that rest which lord af fhugh hath made but for healp af the song
	layer_12: ho for that i am said he to sleeping the day time so to gave wiy of the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord af fehugh hath made but for healph af the song

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: suoch was elovd atd the jus for theirseing they were sendt bhat bied way o the grat see and i i made tri thoestaps with greve which ying man havde troe with jy had i not bee for thisleeav
	layer_4: such was teloed ad the jews for their seing they were sent back bod way f the grat see and i am made traye thosestaps with grave which im mon hade trug with joy had id not bee for this leef
	layer_6: such was te laed at the jews for their sene they were sent backbod way of the rat sea and i am made trey those staps withgrieve which   man had trune with joy had id not been for this leave
	layer_8: such was the lad of the jews for ther scene they were sent back by the way of the grasi and i am made trey those steps with grieve which imin have trunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_10: such was the lad of the jews for ther scene they were sent back by the way of the grasei and i am made tre those steps with grieve which mine have trunk with joy had it not been for this leave
	layer_12: such was the lad of the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of the grassei and i am made tred those steps with grieve which iminne have trunk with joy had it not been for this leave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho farman i half beeing o my we by dhis tinme
	layer_4: how farmand i half tarbeing o my wee by this time
	layer_6: how farm and i halef o being on my wa by this time
	layer_8: how far and i havf been on my way by this time
	layer_10: how far mud i hav being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how far mould i haf being on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now by vthistome he had come to te vao wonce more wher yere forsbell he said din let boot at lase as he casea set lansat foot of the bengh bhe saw hisor which he cahd et with hased and puttiyng his plogk
	layer_4: now by this time he had come to the velue once more whe erefore sbell he said daing wamt but at last as he casa set glancead food of the bench he saw hisqr which he caught t with hased and pudding his clog
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the veilue once more where yer forespell he said daiang queet but at last as he cast a set glansat a food of the bench he saw hi sqrol which she caught it with haste and putting his clog
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vau once more where er forespell he said do in quat but at last as he castaset glance at foot of the bench he saw hi squroll which he caught it with haste and putting his clug
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the valu once more where your for spell he set down enquat but at last as he cast a set glance at e foot of the bench he saw his squroll which he caught it with haste and putting his clug
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vallu once more where your for spell he set down enquat but at last as he cast a set glance at foot of the bench he saw his squroll which he caught it with haste and putting his clug

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: wers arto we to tl ha joyf christion when he hadt got bat hi s wro
	layer_4: wors are to week to tel the joy of christion when he had got bat his ro
	layer_6: wers are to wek to tell tha joy of christian when he had got bat his roll
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got bact his ro
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his role

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladea in the brussheterd his cod and gi thengks togad
	layer_4: he ladida in the brushdo his coad and gi thanks togad
	layer_6: he lad ed u in the brust of his coad and give thanks to guad
	layer_8: he laid it or in the brust of his colde and give thanks to god
	layer_10: he laidit u in the brust of his cod and gave thanks to god
	layer_12: he laiditu in the brust of his cod and gave thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: woith what a lostac tad he now clan the h
	layer_4: wouth what a ligs tack ted he now clamthe hue
	layer_6: woith what a lags tat did he now clampd erhu
	layer_8: with what a ludg that did he now clam the hue
	layer_10: with what a ludge tat did he now clambdthe hughe
	layer_12: with what a ludge tat did he now clambte huhe

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: hah thogh hen these bet srendting the nite for their pry and ifthey should met with men e dar holted ive flihve fon thmn
	layer_4: hah thought hen these beath srenging the night for their pry andef they should meet with me ned dard halchored i flih fronm dhem
	layer_6: hah thoughthen these beath srenging the night for their pray and if they should meet with me ng t darg haw shouldi fli fron them
	layer_8: ha thought he these beats ranting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me andhe darg how should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beats renting the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dark how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beats renting the knight for their prey and if they should meet with me and dark how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the nameofhe men who kept the lage of that hous was otfl and when he so hecphriston madee head as if he wu goo back hecame outo hime hinsat is bis s trien sil emar
	layer_4: the name of the men who kept the large of their hous was watfolr and when he sowt ai ristian made herd as if he would go bak the came out to ham and set iis bvistrengh soce mare
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the lage of their hous was whatfor and when he saw thei christian made a hard as if he would go bag o came ount to him and sat is bys strengh soe more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept te lodge of their house was watfal and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back bhe came out to him and sat is by strength sice more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodger of their house was whatcfor and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back they came out to him and sat is bys strength sosmore
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodge of their house was whatfor and when he saw their christian made hard as if he would go back they came out to him and sat is bys strength sosmole

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fere nods bhe tdo wivd beast for they are bon by chins in or pot heridy tyt fa thof those bet hapiet and to fpyndnou thos bet hath non
	layer_4: feri nord bte don wild beast for they aerebound by jans in or put hird e thryet oa faith of those bet habit and to findou those bet hath knong
	layer_6: feare nored the doo wile beasts for they are abound by jans and our put heri o try the faith of those bet habit and to find ow those bet heath knong
	layer_8: fear and naud the too wild beasts for they are abound by janes and aur put here a try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those bat heth nang
	layer_10: fear anaugd bhe to wild beasts for they are bound by janes and ar put here to try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nang
	layer_12: fearanaud the two wild beasts for they are abound by janes and ar put here to try the faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath nong

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: keepe in the mistovf the pafh and no ham shicomtovhe
	layer_4: kep in the mistovf the path and no harms shir conto ve
	layer_6: keep in the mister of the path and no harms share kom tevi
	layer_8: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shal come tevie
	layer_10: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall con te vile
	layer_12: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall con te vile

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sawig my tre that s to he ent oning ray dread et the wid beas yhar them gr it they did to he no harm but when he had gon by them he went on with joy to he cam and stoing frond of the lod wh ar watchfl god
	layer_4: the ih sawing my dream that sdew he bent on ing gray drad of the wide beast aheard them ro et they did to hem no harm but when he had gone by themn he went on with joy do hed came and stilling front of the lodge whey ared watch fl god
	layer_6: the night sawing my dream that stil he went on in grey dread of the wide beastes i heard them roa yet they didhem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and stol ing front of the lardge whe od watchful gord
	layer_8: the night saw ing my dream that stil he went on in grey dread of the wide beasts  heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and stool in front of the ladge whe a watchful gud
	layer_10: the knight saw in my dream that steale he went on in greay dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy tillhe came and stood in front of the lodge where ha watchful gud
	layer_12: the knight saw in my dream that steale he went on in greay dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stoold in front of the lodge where e a watchful gud

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: prstion seo hoat hatithis my  res here to nihde
	layer_4: priscian si what housic his mhya res here te niht
	layer_6: prisian sir what hous it is my amres here to niht
	layer_8: christian sir what housip is may arresst here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house ip is may irrest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what house ip is may irrest here tonight

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: when waothfou tod her wykeuishton had tome ther she said what a shor naime
	layer_4: when watchfoul told her whi e uistion had tome ther she said what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is syour name
	layer_8: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchful told her why quristian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: then christiom be domnesehed and when with em to house
	layer_4: then christian ben dais head and when with them tote house
	layer_6: then christian bendan his head and wen with them to id house
	layer_8: then christian bendown his head and went with them to  house
	layer_10: then christian bent down his head and went with them to house
	layer_12: then christian bent down his head and went with them to house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity cam good cristn seens tar lod promces to take hyulin to reset thates tolk with you a fore that shoud have seyng onl your way
	layer_4: hihty came good crisgiane seemns aure lod crompses to take hoeling to rest lat us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_6: higty calm good chrisgian sems t our lod crompses to take heling to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: higty calm good christian seems t our love crompsus to take haling to rest let us talk with you aford that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: highty calm good christian seens to our lovd cromps us to take healing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: highty calm good christian seens to our lovd cromps us to take healing to rest let us talk with you a for that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: chuson with a ride goo woo and i im blad that hyoeu should askket ovf mee
	layer_4: quision with a riht goot oo and i amglad that shye should asket of men
	layer_6: cisian with a right good roe and i am glad that sye should ask it of bea
	layer_8: christian with a right good wi and i am glad that syoeu should ask it of min
	layer_10: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of min
	layer_12: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of ming

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: trudaims andd first say wat es ive that mae sioald wish til much to god montime
	layer_4: prudens and first say what is if that makeshal wishtil much god mon d iume
	layer_6: prudence and first say what is if that maye should wish till much godo monkst iamn
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is if that make shu wish tll much togo to monkd ion
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish toill much to go to monteion
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish toll much to go to montteion

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: there they say is no death and the re i sh a doe with such as not the lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and theare i shall doa with such as not de lorgd
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shall d with such as no delord
	layer_8: there they say it's no death and there i shall go with such as lnod de lord
	layer_10: there they say it's no death and there i shall go with such as nod de lord
	layer_12: there they say it's no death and there i shall go with such as nod de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: chartin have bour wie en bavse cisho hyeis i havlve
	layer_4: chardy have you ar wie and bavze crisu hye is i halv
	layer_6: chardy have you a wife and baze trisiumen yes i have
	layer_8: chardy have you a wife and baes christiamman yes i have
	layer_10: chariody have you a wife and baes christianan yes i have
	layer_12: charody have you a wife and baes christianan yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting the anid you not re them with you
	layer_4: charityng le widit you not brad them with you
	layer_6: charitin luwided you not brin them with you
	layer_8: charotin luwy did you not bridg them with you
	layer_10: charoty lu why did you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charoty lu why did you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: but they woild no come with me nor have med lesdom
	layer_4: but they would not come with me nor hav me h leasdhem
	layer_6: but they would now come with me nor havf me lis him
	layer_8: but they would now come with me nor have me lae him
	layer_10: but they would now come with me nor have me las hem
	layer_12: but they would now come with me nor have me las hem

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thus dit qustion tock with this pranstulit roam dog and then he too his rest ing blarge roon te namge o which wast ppece ther he slapet toou break ap day and then he san hinm
	layer_4: thus dit puistion talk with his prian studit room darg and then he took his presset in o large roon dhe name of which was piece there he slapped to ou break ob day and then he san a hem
	layer_6: thus did quistian talk with his friands tudic room darg and then he too his rest in large roon the name of which was peace there he slapped to youwad break o day and then he san aheen
	layer_8: thus did quistian talk with his friends studic room dark and then he took his rest into large rouin the name of which was peace there he slapped to you woal break o day and then he san aheen
	layer_10: thus did quristian talk with his friends stud itroom dark and then he took his rest int a large roun the name of which was peace there he slapped to you woul break of day and then he sanehen
	layer_12: thus did quistian talk with his friends stud itroom dark and then he took his rest into a large run the name of which was peace there he slapped to you would break of day and then he sannahen

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brought out a jon bon of inas with which senson di such ry fese and the slaing and stoong with which dabaf sluw gody ot h of tath
	layer_4: and they brught out a jon bone of an ask with which sensond is such ray fees and the slain and ston with which dabot slo gady oth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jon bone of andas with which sensind i such gbray fees and the slin and stone with which divot slew galyoth of daffh
	layer_8: and they brought out a jon bone of an ask with which sensoned i such greay fees and the slin and stone with which divih slew galioth of taf
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an ask with which sensoned id such gray fees and the sling and stone with which diver slew galioth of taff
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an ask with which censoneded such gray fees and the slin and stong with which diver slew galioth of taff

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: wats thnd damge of this lan se criscton
	layer_4: watis te name of this len se grichan
	layer_6: waise the name of this land said grischian
	layer_8: whatis the name of this land said crischian
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said cristchon
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said crischion

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldhime it was im mandous lend
	layer_4: then the told him it wals immanus lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was immaniuous land
	layer_8: then they told him it was immaniuous land
	layer_10: then they told him it was simmaniuous land
	layer_12: then they told him it was simmanious land

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a n ight when sorro may come teo the bragtist without casing any great senseof in congruuty when withimpressible persons love becomes silistusness hope sings to mis giving and faith to hope when thexaecies af memory does not ster feedings of regrets ad opportunities for anmbition that have been pased by and and tisipation does not prompt to en erprise
	layer_4: it was an night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sens of in congruuty when with impressable persons love becomes silicistosness hope sinxs to miss giving and faith to hope when the exorcise of memory does not stir feedings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprize
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicoustousness hope sings to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and andticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicoustousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when th exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a clos observer they are justas perceptable the differences that their meediar of manifestation ae less trit and farmiliar thand such well nthon ons as the bursting of the bods arl the forl of the lieaf
	layer_4: still to ad closobserver they are justas perceptable the diferentces that their mediar of manyfestation our less trit and familiar than such well nome ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the lief
	layer_6: still two a close observer they are just as perceptible the differenc is that their medioar of manufestation are less trit and familia than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medior of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medio of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medeo of manifestation are less trait and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: hevenythin could be dark of than the sky it was the wall and eve anyfthink could bed gluemiar than the wall it was the rivrbneth
	layer_4: hev enything coud be dark of han the sky it was the wall and ive anythingk coud be glumiur than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomia than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indiscribable succession of doul blows prplexing in thei regularity sent their sound with difficulty hrough the fluofthy apposphiae
	layer_4: and in describable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffhy apposphre
	layer_6: and indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy aposphere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apposphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atpmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not l after a formant moved by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not lang after ar forma moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was all that was positi ly discoverable theughit seemed  human
	layer_4: this was all that was positively discoverable there it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape whente slowly alon but without much exersion for the s no theogh sudden bas not as yet more than to inches deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly along but without much exersion for the snow though sudden bwas not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words wars speken alloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: two three
	layer_4: two three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: for five
	layer_4: four five
	layer_6: four five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each utterance the little shape atd vantcet about half edus ne ards
	layer_4: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half rdozenyards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he rethe spot stopped and dwindle smaorler
	layer_4: he aether spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_6: he other spot stopped and windled smaller
	layer_8: he other spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_10: the other spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: the other spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then a mosl of snow flew across the rever towards the fifthth window
	layer_4: then a morsal of snow flew across th rever towards the fifth window
	layer_6: then a morcel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morssel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have been seen by day to be ef that a deep smooth sougt which races middleandsides with the same dlighding precision an y i regularatis of speed beng immeitlacorected bysmal worlple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the samed dligding precision any irrigularities of speed being a meditli corected by smal worlpule
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dligding procision any irrigularities of speed being amediately corrected by a small wirlpole
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same delighding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small worlpoole
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dgelighding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same delighding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: thehwinow wer strock a gae in the sae maner
	layer_4: the window er struck a gaime ind the same manner
	layer_6: the window wers struck a game in the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck a game in the same manner
	layer_10: the window wars struck a game in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck a game in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anaoise was heard a paeicla produced by the ogpeny of the window
	layer_4: then anoyse was heard a paritly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_6: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the bloerd spot in the snow remilusly
	layer_4: said the bloird spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_6: said the bloord spot on the snow tremilously
	layer_8: said the blood spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blood spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blood spot on the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i aske weich was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i asked hich was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i asked bichwas your window forgive me
	layer_8: i asked wt was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i aske wi twas your window forgive me
	layer_12: i ask wi twas your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whane i said that yu mit
	layer_4: whel i said that you might
	layer_6: wen i said that you might
	layer_8: well i said that you might
	layer_10: well i said that you might
	layer_12: well i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: o must i it is when shall e be married frank
	layer_4: ho must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: how must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: how must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: how must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have money
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and be liyv in two parshes doy what then
	layer_4: and be livein two parshes doe what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do we what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sid solf cole i will
	layer_4: if i sit solf couse i will
	layer_6: if i sit solf course i will
	layer_8: if i said sof course i will
	layer_10: if i said sof course i will
	layer_12: if i said so f course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fect is i forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fect is ei forgot to ask
	layer_6: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni'e frik god night
	layer_4: god nipe frak good might
	layer_6: god nighe frak good night
	layer_8: good night frank good night
	layer_10: good night frank good night
	layer_12: good night frank good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapsnothing seriou s ad hapend to dreake her out ad such an untorward time
	layer_4: he hopes nothing serious had happened to dreak her out ot such an unteward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreag her out at such an untorward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but as the rain gave not the lheast sidne of sersation he abserved i think we shal have to go beack never
	layer_4: but as the rain gave not the least sign of sessation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wy not hencared
	layer_4: by not hin card
	layer_6: why not him card
	layer_8: why not hincard
	layer_10: why not hincard
	layer_12: why not hincard

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot un derstand how you should no mee whale i have no onl dget of iou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should no me while i have no nonlede of you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have kno knowledge of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: ih but you know me about me ateleast
	layer_4: obut you know me about me at least
	layer_6: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: ei teould think so
	layer_4: hi dould think so
	layer_6: i should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he s my father indeed
	layer_4: he is my father indeed
	layer_6: he is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we hve been tennunts of silvaniar castl on the ilend here thes season
	layer_4: but we hve been tenants of sylvaniar castle on the island here this season
	layer_6: but we have been tenancts of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvenia castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my father ises o comparculyf thy humble risidan'shard by
	layer_4: my father's isas to comparaculel ive thy humble risidence hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is as a comparacal ofthe a humble residents hard by
	layer_8: my father's is as a comparicale ively humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my fathers is as a compariclively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my fathers is as a compariclively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgould a fought a much bik r one if he chos
	layer_4: but he good a fougt a much bick a one if he chose
	layer_6: but he could afort e much bika one if he chose
	layer_8: but he could aford a much bicger one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bicker one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you agtsir
	layer_4: you've pat si
	layer_6: youv part sa
	layer_8: u a part sa
	layer_10: you partse
	layer_12: you partsem

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i do now he destn'tel y much of his affhairs
	layer_4: i don't kno he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she burset out sudnle is always scolndyng me for y ketravagaance
	layer_4: my father she bursed out suddenly is always coading me for my extravigance
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is alwayscolding me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me from my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thesivening
	layer_4: was that thes evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: there on the nets they sat
	layer_4: nthere on the nets they sat
	layer_6: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: and there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: justl infortets strange that he shuldbe thfrond by fat into position to play the sun of te mont aguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_4: just linforgt it strange at that he should be throwme by fate into a position to play the sun of the ont aguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: jostlin fought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of them montaguese to this daughter of the capitets
	layer_8: joscelyne thught it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidats
	layer_10: joscelyn tought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagouse to this daughter of the capindits
	layer_12: joscelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagouse to this daughter of the capindits

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: no i shall go on and get a lodging an bu b at tirene if ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bu a th tirn if ever i reach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubath tine if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babath town if ever i reach it
	layer_10: now i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: now i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so ldayt of the the wlre en or huse open accep to little place tyare therstation we you went carto stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha that will be no house open accept a little place ne ar the station were you won'to care to stay
	layer_6: it is so late ovf tha thet will be no house open accept a little place nearther station wilre you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the iland as an islend still
	layer_4: the island was an island still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had not reanized the forse of the enimence toill now
	layer_4: they had not relized the fore of the animents till now
	layer_6: they had not realised the force of the eniments till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he steided her bodily by in srctling her wast with his arm and she made no  bjection
	layer_4: he seded her bodily by incirctling her wast with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_6: he saitid her bodily by encircling her wast with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he stitted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he sited her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he scited her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pittit er and wie he wondedatiet admard her determination
	layer_4: he pitid her and while he wantded at et admad her determination
	layer_6: he pittid her and while he wandered at it admad her determination
	layer_8: he pitid her and while he wondered at it admared her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admared her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admared her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: there aplication for amission lead te to the withdrar of a boat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_4: theire application for amission lead to the with drawl of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for a mission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now tha though she was such af fine figr quiters talers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhod
	layer_4: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as talhers himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wile tel the servat to do this en sind you ups on thy doeeat
	layer_4: i wil till the serveant to do this an send you ups on the do et
	layer_6: i will tell the servant to do this and send youups on the de at
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up suthy to at
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt revin e sly hungrey himself and set about dryng his clohd tha sas willass he could and eateing at the same time
	layer_4: he felt ravenusly hungry himself and seit about drying his cloh thas rs wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clotheas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the eait of some temparerapsend some slippers from the cobered he ws contrived to make himself comfortable when the madeserlvntd camedonstairs wit a damp amfol of woman's rament
	layer_4: by the aid of some tempory rapsand some stlippers from the cupbard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the made servenet came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: you la s lep hi my gel said peisson
	layer_4: you all slep him y gor said pierson
	layer_6: you will sleep hi my gar said pieerson
	layer_8: you wil sleep hi my garl said person
	layer_10: you will sleep in my garl said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleep in my garl said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he eagane becan consctirus of the chan whrc to ben in asiated jon the bark
	layer_4: he againe becae conscious of the chainge which had been initiated joing the bak
	layer_6: he againd became conscious of the chaned which had been initiated joing the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the chaing which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the chain which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the chain which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the werll belovid was moving house had gon over to the ware of this atair
	layer_4: the well beloveid was moving house had gone over to the weara of this atar
	layer_6: the werll beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_8: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and how bout ittle eve his carrow
	layer_4: and how bout lit le eve his carrow
	layer_6: and ha aut little eve his carrow
	layer_8: and how about little hevis caro
	layer_10: and how about little hev is caro
	layer_12: and how about little hev is carow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things arrange themselves
	layer_6: things arrange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the coantis never gave way an inch
	layer_4: but the cantis never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the countis never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the countess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the answr which she returned sof the not ritcen to her by atjulia
	layer_4: the following was the answer wich he returned sof the notet ritten to her by artijulia
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned sto the note written to her by ant julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned tof the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shoud not ko har ded grink wie with them and she do ar hund ref things whic two make thamthing mhe ar beast
	layer_4: i should not know howdo drink wine with them and shed do a hundr a things whiceh woud mae them think me a beast
	layer_6: i should not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundrd o things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shauld not know how to drink wine with them and shud do a hundred f things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and shuld do a hundredof things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shall not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: but the gord bate for some e day
	layer_4: but the girl baked for some do day
	layer_6: but the girl begked for some doday
	layer_8: but the girl begked for some doday
	layer_10: but the girl beked for some do day
	layer_12: but the girl beked for some do day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: it was a mattof the requard to be considerd
	layer_4: it was a mat of the drequit to be considered
	layer_6: it was a mattof the trequired to be considered
	layer_8: it was a matter that require to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prid ind him might ias wek as prid in thenm
	layer_4: pride in him might be as weak as pride an then
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as prigdt in themn
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pright in them
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv hey will put out their hans to him why should heu rafused to put ou dhis on
	layer_4: e ther wilrel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put o dhisown
	layer_6: i theye werel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put out his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they wer put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they wer put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: art tadla received him courtiously hading learned to like the man undestaning that hie had behad with honesty and wisdom inregard to his cland andrespecting him as one of the work es of the day but he de clared that for the lovl faminy as a family he did not care for themparticuly
	layer_4: our taila received him curtiously hading learned to like the man understaning that hel had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respectinghim as one of the work es of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulay
	layer_6: ar tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particulrly
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: or tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: they a pols a sand o fror me he said
	layer_4: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_8: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_10: they appole sa sander from me he said
	layer_12: they appolesa sander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but byyour good fortun amerriatif you ill alamito say sa you have trouveef from the one pol very fartoaldse other
	layer_4: but by your good fortune a merrit if you will alamu to say so you have travel from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ad merat if you will allo me to say say you have travele from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune and meriative you will allow me to say say you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say soy you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say soy you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a preasent i thict thof the cens of the countries an favor of an aristoccray of burth
	layer_4: a present i think thet the sense of the countries in favour of an aristocracy of buorth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: whenk you er for most a monglenm tid you not wishd to be heir master
	layer_4: whe you we for most amongthem did you not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: it his on to iteua lejgassitsive an al humen eforet should and must tend
	layer_4: it is wone to mit u legicative an ol human efforts should and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to mitc ja legicative and al human eforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to with al legiscative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which all legisltive and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: when you made much wat o boilmis teo fhrat so that wle probamly boilover
	layer_4: whend you make much water boile mister fat sel vit will probambly boial over
	layer_6: when you make much water boil mister fhete somvit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister fhrate some ofvit will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister phade some of it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister paedes some of it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quite et greevwith you that the silgans shu be kept for their elders and sai the convrsation mwes ended
	layer_4: i quite a gree with yu that the siltk gans shoud be kept for their ilders and sai the confersation was ended
	layer_6: ai quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their ielders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_8: i quite agree with you that the silk gawms should be kept for their elders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and sa the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gouns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her ther was a realwish that the pols mi bejoind together by half outr husband
	layer_4: with her there was a real wish that the polese might  bejoined together by hae uture husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hiv you reale wishid you so gol he said
	layer_4: hiv you ready wishi you sha go he said
	layer_6: if you reallywishin you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you realy wishi you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you realy wishit you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you realy wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and  ble ane to tembaridin hus as me
	layer_4: and a blue one to be barridin halas me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be baridin ha lask me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be marriedin ull ask me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be mariedin ul ask me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be mariedin a ask me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: must  have a pink sil goun to walk about in arli inthe morning
	layer_4: must e have a pink silt gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i sonoas euv downed my worst hin s tocking thas weehtheart
	layer_4: a soon ase dawned my worst in stolking the sweet heart
	layer_6: i soon ass youed darned my worst in stocking the sreet heart
	layer_8: a soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_10: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: as soon as you darned my worst in stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coan' do t hat too
	layer_4: i can do had too
	layer_6: i can doth hat too
	layer_8: i can do that too
	layer_10: i can do that too
	layer_12: i can do that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnowal sit own nrita lete the my lord
	layer_4: an now i'll sit don a rit a lette a my lord
	layer_6: and now i'll sit downe andrite a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she drawsd cloase anda satisfis
	layer_4: she drawsd close and satisfies
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget misus pin ovan's eyes ther he remembert nothing of her otherfacial detells
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin oven's eyes thet he remembered nothing of her other facial detals
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pineavan's eyes thaug he remembered nothing of her other facial deteils
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: aftewards they kept u partawille in the droineg room for form sake but hav entuly gravitatedts togevher a gaine and finishd the evening ianeach other's company
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a partar wile in the drawing room for form sake but hav entally gravitateds together again and finish the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawingroom for form sake but haventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but his was not all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wose able
	layer_4: but was he able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was unfire togove further without telning her even though ither two such expicitnis had not ben abcidlettly demanded
	layer_4: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though ithertwo such expliciness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to gove further without telling her even though itherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he de trm inete toaccolimetitely on the new incanation
	layer_4: he determined to callimediately on the knew incarnation
	layer_6: he determined to call imediately on the new incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incination
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she l ive not far from the long fashonable hempton chusquare and he went the theug witeh expectations of having a highdy amotional time atleaste
	layer_4: she lived not far from the long fatshionable hemptonsh e square and he went thetheuh with expectations of having a highdy emotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonchar square and he went thitherh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshi square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some ho that van y belple seeme co al thugh she had sor arns ty askd im to come
	layer_4: but somehow thet vedy belpal seemed col althogh she had ser earnestly asked him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very belpooles seemed col although she had so ernestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bell pools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pools seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: rasing her eyes an a slightely inquuaring tan of from the book hewas reading she lent backan her chair as if solcking herself in luxuordious sensations which had nothig to do with him and replieded o his greating with a few comumplace words
	layer_4: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manne from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair has if soking herself in lux eorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commomn place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxeorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justes they turm te dear into porton the space of a single night soi this old er as been takeen and doctrden tisted about om braght otrs ar new popila dity ind deed
	layer_4: just es they turn ma deara intor port in the space of a single night so this old er has been taken and doctord and tristed about han brught out as a new popilar dity inded
	layer_6: justas they turn maderer interport in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_8: just as they turn madira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn madira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thoughd a little and then vhey wre on to tok about her huse which ha be nulypeinted and decorated with grenish bluee satien up to the height of ar persance ead and arrangemen that someort improved er sligtly faded thostill pretty face and as helped by the ornings everthe windows
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they we on to talok about her house which have bee newdy painted and decorated with greenish ble sat in up to the height of a personts ead and arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thogs still pretty face and us helped by the ownings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thought a little and then they went ont to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's ead an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and as helped by the ownings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and mas helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face andmas helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face andmas helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hees si hve had my ha some yas shebserved complacently and i l ie ud beter everyer
	layer_4: yes i have had my hos some years she bserved complacantly and i like oit better every year
	layer_6: yes i have had my hous some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: don't you field la n in it sometimes o never
	layer_4: don't you feld lenin it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: don't you feeld lavey in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel laney in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel lany in it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel lany in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: what an an sivil thingto say she murmed ins ar price
	layer_4: what an anscivil thing to say she murmued in surprise
	layer_6: what an unsivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it is rothransivil
	layer_4: it is rather ancivil
	layer_6: it is rather an civil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but theft intofint his wery out as he could
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left into find his way out as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left himto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i saw hm at lady chenlclive sy othe night
	layer_4: i sawim at lady chenaltclifce other night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chunnel clifsy other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady channelclifs te other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady chanelcliff's the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady channel cliff's the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: josil inperst oin
	layer_4: jusil impersedon
	layer_6: jossilin piercton
	layer_8: joscelyn perston
	layer_10: joscelyn pearston
	layer_12: joscelyn pearston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o didn'ty maryher
	layer_4: o didn't y marry her
	layer_6: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sait missus pin ovfenm with the start
	layer_4: sid missusd pine oven wth the start
	layer_6: said missus pineapen with ha start
	layer_8: said missus pineapen with a start
	layer_10: said missus pineapen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhut juoslem as receeding from the prety wid as house with long strits
	layer_4: but jostlem was receeding from the pretty widas house with long strides
	layer_6: but joslim was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_8: but joselyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lhedy aris ad left the droing rom from moment to see that al was right in the danyng rom a hen he was shurniin theirsteod alone in the lamblight necallupi n ave om
	layer_4: leady ar is had left o the droawin room fra moment to see that alwas right in the dining room an when he was surnian therstod alone in the lamblight nichol ur pine avhim
	layer_6: ladyaris had left to the drawingroom fr a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shunean there stod alone in the lamplight nickhola pine aven
	layer_8: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shenyon there stood alone in the lamplight nickhola pine even
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cherneon there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine even
	layer_12: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cherneon there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine even

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had bein the farst a rival
	layer_4: she had been the first arrival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he otr gueststropet in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked besid him til al moved of for the eating and grinking
	layer_4: as he other guests dtropped in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guests dropped in the par retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not been appointed to take er acrosst of the daning rom but f the table fandt her exactly opecit
	layer_4: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but af the table faund her exactly opposite
	layer_6: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at thetable found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at th table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was the ortistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistick comendation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the adhy on josenancs left wife of a lord o justhirs of of appel was in like manear tolking to herc am panon on the oute side so that for the time he was left to to himself
	layer_4: the ledy on jostelencs left wife of a law to justice of of appeal was in like manner talking to herkand panion on the outeside so that for the time he was leftt to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonlances left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to hercompanion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on josscteline's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on joscelin's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on joscelin's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came from the wifefor one of his fathrs form r workman and wus cond srnning hers sun whom she beedo juostl inte recommen as conded its for some postd in turne that she wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and wus conserning her son whom she beged jostlinto recommand rs canded it for some post in ton that he wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlin to recommandrs candedites for some post in tan that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyne to recommend ers candidites for some post in tan that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommendas candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommenders candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is nect sory to the comqcleness of the stay at this sdage is not to ry cappidto laht by to take up some of thei loose ands of thethrancs wil wening and followed than  throu un to the clear and comprehenstho picture of the vans canby saing
	layer_4: what is necesary to the comcleaness of the stoy at this stage is not to re capi to lahte but to take up some of the loose ands of te thrancs we ve nine and followed than thruw unto the clear and comprehense picture of the vens camn be seng
	layer_6: what is necesary to the complenuss of the story at this stage is not to re capid olate but to take up some of the loose ands of t thrancsd wo rening and followed them through bunti the clear and comprehenseie picture of the vens can be seing
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the stry at this stage is not to re capitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the thracst wo rening and followed them through unto the clear and comprehense picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completnessts of the sty at this stage is not to real capitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of e thrats woeranning and followed them through unto the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completnesss of the stary at this stage is not to rea capitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the thrast woe ranning and followed them through unto the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way o lhy ventor hs hartd
	layer_4: the way oly ventor his hard
	layer_6: the way of h nventor is hard
	layer_8: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_10: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_12: the way of the inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometimes reis cabito eto help him the working out his crutd consaptions but i we then it is frekqne don at at his ress fa coshed a persomasc arander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes er s cabitoe to help him the working out his crewd conceptions but in then it is freq nwe done at it istress ficost a persomas harander
	layer_6: he can sometimes ere iscabitive to help him then working out his crede conceptions but im then it is frequent ly done at at is tresfulcoshtd a personmals currander
	layer_8: he can sometimes wreis capitave to help him in working out his crude conceptions but em then it is frequently done at a distresstful covht a personal surrender
	layer_10: he can sometimes r hise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and a distressful kost a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes ra hise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done and a distrussful kost a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: when te esoutas a chievfed the evenshimakes  its he pal on the schor of  conmy on mantori o off effored and then laber op an awaids with crusing in to rany cos spirit dismashed the apporanes of fhor bit is varus
	layer_4: when the resout is ar chieved the eventihe makes its te pal on the schoore of te caomy on wetiori o off efford and then labre ofh hin hawaites with crushing into ranni cao spirit dismashe the aparanue of forbit is very use
	layer_6: when the resount is achieved the eventsion makes its appal on the scor of economy an motiori a off efford and then labor offen e wades with crushing intorannico spirit dismashe the apaadis of forbi is vary use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy a mateoria ar of efford and then labor of enwades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismashe the aparadas o forbid is very use
	layer_10: when the resout is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy a matoria ar of effort and then labor of nawades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the apparadus of forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resoubnt is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy a matoria ar of effort and then labor of nauades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the apparadus of forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: posibilly orenationo obtosom as woele rauting the vention the seeking bhe higha good nit somechack
	layer_4: possibily ou enationo optism as we beauting the rention the seeking behigha good nit some chack
	layer_6: possibily ouranation at optism as wr ruting the rension the seeking behigh a good annit some chack
	layer_8: possibly ouro nationaoptism as rebuting the vension the seeking behigh a good anet some chack
	layer_10: possibly our nation aoptism as remuting the vension the seeking bhe high a good annet some chack
	layer_12: possibly our nation aoptism as remuting the vension the seeking bhe high a good annet some chack

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: phosively the littes woiedtravbred two fast and two far on they ro o frfaction aif consi idisene di not als of plate so ludry part an nsisting thet the procession of forwaid asa ho
	layer_4: posivally the littus would ravelaed two fast and two far on thei rote of frerfection if conseetizyn di not als of plae saludary part an insisting that the procession mov forward as a ho
	layer_6: posibaly the littus would travel too fast and two fart on the rote of urffection if consevitisen did not also played solutary part aninsisting that the procession move forward ascaho
	layer_8: possiblly the litders would travel too fast and too far on the rote of efection if consavidisen did not also played salutary part inonsisting that the procession moved forward assaho
	layer_10: possibly the lidders would travel too fast and too far on the road of prerfection if conselvinisen did not also play th salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward assakho
	layer_12: possibly the lidders would travel too fast and too far on the road of prerfection if conselvenisen did not also play the salutory part in insisting that the procession moved forward assakho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on ccontary the condertions for it ofsebtions h  be rigt r the faset
	layer_4: on e consery the condertions for his afseptions have beeng right i fast
	layer_6: on e consary the condetions for is esceptions have beeng rightn fast
	layer_8: on the contrary the conditions for its exceptions have been right nd fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the conditions for its exceptions have beeng rightand fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the conditions for its exceptions have been right and fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yes thet very bogo of the laturic ardlight made harrrt the uarrivble of the incondessend
	layer_4: yet thet very bogo of the latrice ardlight made harror the arible of the incondessend
	layer_6: yet the very bogo of the elatric artlight made haror the arrivle of the incondessantd
	layer_8: yet the very bogo of the elatric artlight made horrdor the arrival of the incandesctent
	layer_10: yet the very bogo of the elactric art lit made harror the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very bogo of the elactric art lit made harror the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number o pharands arkli compens or a in enxsistancs and a greatamany loke acomeiise ha bing cird into hing ounderffen shis for commer shl business an to excectcute ragul a itti contracts for  stret line
	layer_4: a number o parant arclineing compance or r ing enxistence and a great amany loce olcomeniss had been cad into bhing under friendshyse for comer sho business and to execute ragula citi contracts from te streeht linin
	layer_6: a number of parent archlining compance were a iexistence and a great many local comnie havd been cale intobhing under frienshise for comer cha business and to exacute ragulacitic contracts from streeght lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arclining companents were i existence and a great many local ccompnis had been caed inteving under frenshise for comercia business and to execute regula citic contracts from street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arch lining companents were in existence and a great many local companiests had been called intovene under frenshise for commercial business and to execute regularcity contracts from street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arch lining companents were in existence and a great many local companiests had been called intovene under frenshise for commercial business and to execute regular cityc contracts from street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thus and the cearr's menner they mao knot of elact tra lini wos ing oaf veryg ehoo sane eviead agains es self with intons reverlies and jealices whichs were no he las rale whecause they were byt tempery and e curdingh fhout where outimat euning of the forse wor s in aftable
	layer_4: thus and the curs menerd they ma nard of helactrylining rsing af veriage hoo sanse evied agains is self with intines reberlies and jealouses which were none the lass reaal hecause they were byt tempery and occurding e fhout where outtimateuning of the forse wors inapftable
	layer_6: thus and a curous manered the mare nard of elactary lining weresing a varyage wo sendse divied against hitself with intimes reberies and jealouses which were none theless real becaust they were by temporary and occurrding the thout where autimate uning of the forct wares inapfitible
	layer_8: thus an ecurous mannered the monard of luctoary lining ware sing of verye ru sants divied against hitself with in times reveries and jealouses which were none theless real because they were but temporary and occurring thaut where autimate uning of the force was inaptable
	layer_10: thus a ocurious manner the mordrn ard of luctary lihning was in of very true sends divided against itself with intines reveries and jealousies which were none theless real because they were but temporary and ocurring thaught where n ultimate uning of the force was inevitable
	layer_12: thus a ocurious manner the modrn ard of luctory lighning was in of very true sencs divided against itself with intine reveries and jealousies which were none theless real because they were but temporary and ecurrding thaught where a ultimate uning of the force was inavitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans tweny yers af ter the first avisnmistation weres stalished the mat theird s tey invoved could be faily crutet with no lustan six yseven presend
	layer_4: hands twenty years after the first aticonistation were staplished the mat theird stey involved could be faily crod it with no les than six y seven peresent
	layer_6: hance twenty years after the first adison estation werestaplished the matthirds tey involved could be failly cruwd it with no less than sixty seven percend
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methirds tey involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methirds tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first adison station were established the methirds tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it w be wredly un erstoe that inder these condeitions the mard linding hompu supplise to uds customeas both in chen desened and arcgliining fre uenly from the same di nammal etlct trek macshi nary askdas swors of carend and thoat the o fod askbetun they ri was istense hasd ied aut
	layer_4: it will be radly undestoo that oender these conditions the mad lining compy supplised o ids customres both inconedusond and arc lining frequendtly from the same diename eluctrik machinary askd a sures of carrent and thout the oe fod askd betun thy rie was sistance hase eied aut
	layer_6: it will be readly understood that olunder these conditions the mad lignting hompy supplies towids customis both incand usend and ark lining frequently from the same dinammel eluctric machinary askd a sours ofe currend and thou the owe food ase beteen the rive ls sistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be readily understood that ll under these conditions the mod ligning hompany supplies to weds customer both incandusend and arck ligtning frequently from the same dinamel eluctric machinery askdto surs of current and thau the oe food aske betwen the ribal systance has died at
	layer_10: it will be readily understood that ilunder these conditions the mod ligning company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel eluctric machinery asaf sors of current and thaut the ol food aks between the rivbal systance has died at
	layer_12: it will be readily understood that ill under these conditions the mod ligning company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lightning frequently from the same dinamel eluctric machinery as of sores of current and that the old food asks between the rival systance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfact for some years paased ther rhusidence of thet nati no y latrick night as sociation happeeng choson olmost exs coseiveuly forom emong the maniagres hope the gread at san line incompters in the liteng sidis
	layer_4: in fact for some years paset ther rusidence of tha nationnoe lactric light a sociation happeen chowsan almost ex clusiveuly from temong the managers of the great adison lignt ng compnesce in the liding citics
	layer_6: in fact for some years paset their hesidents ofthe nation na elactric light association happin chosen almost exclusively forom almong the managers hof the great adisant lignting compnoss in the lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years past their presidantce of the nationaal electric light association havping chosen almost exclusively formam among the managers of the great addisont lighting compness in the lading citis
	layer_10: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have being chosen amost exclusively from among the managers of the great allison lining compnes in the lading citiz
	layer_12: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have being chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great aldison lining compnuss in the lading citiz

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the other stron oboesition to the incondessinlighd came from the gast indisgrow
	layer_4: the other stran obosition to the incondescinlight came from the gast indes gru
	layer_6: the otherstrown ourposition to the inconduscin light came from the gase indes grew
	layer_8: the ottherstran opposition to the incandustin light came from the gast indes grew
	layer_10: the otther strawn opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas indesgrew
	layer_12: the otther strawn opposition to the incanduscent light came from the gas indesgrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: theireaso the most patrfeeling was shon
	layer_4: therealso the most bpeater feeling was shon
	layer_6: there also the most beter feeling was shone
	layer_8: there also the most beter feeling was shon
	layer_10: there also the most better feeling was shown
	layer_12: there also the most bitter feeling was shown

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gaas managrd in no like arcliete but e intoferd only with his treetp servis wher os not hislard e sourc of in come by anymins
	layer_4: the gasmanaga i not like aurclied but a intefered only with his treet service wher surs not his larde surce oph in come by anymies
	layer_6: the gasmanager did not like aurklied but a interferred only with his treet service whec swares not his lardis sourcive incomeby anymins
	layer_8: the gas manager did not like arcklidte but iinterferred only with his streat service whicchwas not his lardassource of incomby enymans
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclidt but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his largessource of income by any means
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arclit but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his large ssource of income by any means

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here agaan wacsgeven the most convinsing dom mus tration of the tru that suchon adition to the re sourses of mein kind a was cares with h it unsu spactled banofits even for his animis
	layer_4: here again res geven the most convingsing demistration of the true that such an adition to the re sources of man kind a was carris with it onsuspacled banefits even for his animis
	layer_6: here again rasgivin the most convinsing demostration of the truth that such an addition to the resurses of mankind allways carris with it unsuspactly banefits even for his animois
	layer_8: here again was iving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enimis
	layer_10: here again raskiving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enemies
	layer_12: here again raskeeving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his enemies

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theis was not lan not ou norcsly thi spirt shune an to day in hunders of sitecs they lackt urayke an gas proveise are younighd at onder that one mamisghment which des not find it ing possible to pitsh ing the friendly am progressaway the ous of both eluminents
	layer_4: this was not lawn no i u noriusly the spiti shon annd to day in hundrs of sitice they lactry e an gas provese are u night at under that one mamighment which des not find it impossible to pitish ing the friendly an prgressiway thet use of both eluminence
	layer_6: this was not lown no unoruslly the spitest shon anne to day in hundrs of citest the lactric an gas proverse are unite it under that one mamagement which does not find it impossible to puish ing the friendly and progressiv way the use of both illuminance
	layer_8: this was not lon kno unirusally the spilt is shown and to day in hundrs of sitest the lectric and gas provirs are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to puish in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminance
	layer_10: this was not lon no universally the spirit is shown and to day a hundreds of citiess the electric and gass provence are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminancs
	layer_12: this was not long no universally the spirit is shown and to day a hundreds of cities the electric and gass proverce are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminance

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: thiy most conspegy was ou sam po theise idendy of enterest is gaveenlying new youro erself
	layer_4: et most conspekgy was isamn of these idany of interest is givening new your hiself
	layer_6: tha most conspicguous esamp of thise idanty of interest is givening new york hiself
	layer_8: the most conspicuous exemp of this identy of interest is givening new york itself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york 'tself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example of this idenity of interest is given in new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the ely orbosition of which theirwerepsplendy
	layer_4: so much for the arly obosition of which they e wereopsplendy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which they ae were posplendy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which they e wre splendy
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which ther work splenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which ther work splenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: ba e maye be questiont whe thear inarsiers not equallyi to be dradit with actof ew wil
	layer_4: bu amay be qestioned whe ther inersieris not equally to be dradid with act ovf ewill
	layer_6: bu it may be questioned whether in urshier is not equally to be draded with act ofe yuwell
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether in ertiea is not equally to be draugted with act of iuwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ersia is not equally to be drouted with act of u will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ersia is not equally to be drouted with act of ul will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of course a gramany couns were wea  in nd rad but wy wol ghani  interistpots haroust it was nec as serrly ipathat ic
	layer_4: of coursed a grea many conts were readon and rad but wy woul janiua interestpres aroused it was nees serily ipothatic
	layer_6: of course a greay many counts were readen and rad but why wouljani interestpres aroused it was necessarily epathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many acounts were readen and rat but whi ujanio interestwras aroused it was necessarily ypathetic
	layer_10: of course a great many accounts were reaten and read but why ugenio interes was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were reaten and read but why rugenio interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wr god ed athe gree barken and only patecs more some dim an the balas n wat ogage
	layer_4: wat god at at the gree barken and only patust more some dam and the balace n watogage
	layer_6: wha got it at the gree barkin and only pat us more some damn and the ballaston watergage
	layer_8: what got it at the gree barkin and only paid us more sumdamn an the ballaston wategage
	layer_10: what god it at the greek bargan and only paid as more sumdamn and t ballaston watergage
	layer_12: wha got it at the greek bargan and only paid us more sumdamn and th ballaston watergage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wer sow them for fory sence bu they a were aly botd twnyu with thor ysousans of them
	layer_4: wats sew them for four he cence but they ae were only boud twenyn a thor yis tousands of them
	layer_6: wah selw them for fourty since but theyere were only aboue twenti o thiry thousands of them
	layer_8: whuch selled them for fourty cence but the were only about twenty o thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: wuch selled them for forty cents but the were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_12: wouc selled them for forty cents but they were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fort ear i gode dan toih thoty seven sans and amiade ale the mony at in one year that i hewlas prevusly
	layer_4: the forthyear i go edone to thoty seven sance and amade all the mony apt in one year that i halast prevously
	layer_6: the fourth year i gade done to thoty seven sandce and amaede all the money at in one year that i ha lased pravously
	layer_8: the fourth year i garted onto thirty seven sents and ammade all the money apt in one year that i had lased previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i guartit unto thirty seven cents and amade all the money apt in one year that i had last previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i guartet into thirty seven cents and amade all the money apt in one year that i had last previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onenof the enxcidence which caot a very grad cheepening ors that when we sdardet wone of the imporn processes hadt be don by axperts
	layer_4: one ouf the incidents which cout a very grat cheepening ers that when we start ed one of the important processes had be done by axperts
	layer_6: one of the incidents which causet a very great cheepening wars that when we started wene of the important processes had be done by axsperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which coused a very great cheevening was that when we started one of the important processes hadto be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which cosed a very great cheevening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which cosed a very great cheavening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: a ta feeling haround for some days i got a clo  how o do it
	layer_4: af te feeling around for some days i god a clew  how to do it
	layer_6: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: at then made an ao the maching which do the word nisely
	layer_4: at theme made andothe machinguwhich do the workd nizely
	layer_6: a tem made an other machanguaghe di the work nisely
	layer_8: adhen made another machine uwich did the work nicely
	layer_10: a them made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_12: a them made another machine which did the work nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: ensardenly ie may bed bheu et as lowse tratof of the proan proht oatisendhat ile he had the factoreei at harison and impooring the chines reader wen to ham mence aned et a dainamo to be ron by hind powr
	layer_4: inserdently i may be elit as lose traitogh of the prowan prought toadicen that hile he had the factory at harison and imporing the chines trader when to hame mench ant id a danamle to be ron by hen power
	layer_6: incidently et may be delliod as leestratov of the prowlan prougt to adisene that while he had the factory at harison and imporing he chines treader wen to he menc wanted a donama to be run by hand power
	layer_8: incidentlly it may be deliet aselustraduv of the prowlandprougt to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reader went to hemmanc wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidentaly it may be deliot asilustradovh of the prowlin brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader went to hem ands wanted a dynamo to be run by hen powder
	layer_12: incidentaly it may be deligot as iluustraduvh of the prowlin brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader went to hem ands wanted a dynamo to be run by hen powder

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fro make in tha dinomos atisen s accurared ask knotr in the procelen chabider that reoch eiean worson go wor sreet new yrk and this was alsoee quipt
	layer_4: for makin the dinamost adasence occurd asked not in the prosidine chabiter that roch ie an worson go werk street new york and this weas alsoy quipt
	layer_6: for makin e dinamost adisonce eccured asked note in the proceding chabitor that roach iron wor son go work street new york and this was also e quipped
	layer_8: for making he dynamost addison socured asked nota in the proceeding chavitor the roch iron were oa son go work street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamost addison secured asnoda in the proceeding chavitor the rhoach iron were o son gowork street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamost addison secured asdnoda in the proceeding chavitor the rhoch iron were of son gowork street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sik mond burk man who had wr prevesly with aisan unsel o from the pawr adisn fon ae gras and was alrede making at isem spa sihallytis nasmorl wafe in te lavft on lhos durstreet e ork was a soinled has of consdruced inm socckes fixtures mitters sifty fuses numorous other ethous
	layer_4: to  sick mond berkman who had wer prevusely with aticon untelle from the pawradisn pone agraps ane was alread o making aticm spaciallt is nte smorewa in ge lofht ong lose der street neu yorkd was a sing tet has of construct hinm sockets fixtures miters sifty fuses anumberous other thetous
	layer_6: to a sick mond berg man who had were prevously with adison untel e from the paratisn phonagras ane was already making adisen spaciallytis  a s more way an go loft un loos derh street newyork was a signthed houss of construct in sockits fixtures miters sifty fuses a numerous other detaus
	layer_8: to tha sick mond bergman who had wore previously with edison untell the fron the paradis an phonograps anne was already making edison specially this in a smalre way and a loft un loose ter street new york was a signled hous of constructing sockkets fixtures miters sifty fuses a numberous other details
	layer_10: to the sickmunded bergman who had worked previously with edison unsao fron  parodys and phonographs and was already making edison speciallthis in a small way and aloft ung loose jer street new york was a signed hause of constructing sockkets fixtures meters sifty fuses a numberous other details
	layer_12: to the sicmunded bergman who had workd previously with edison unselo phone parodys and phonographs and was already making edison specialla this in a smalle way and aloft ung loose jer street new york was a signed house of constructing sockkets fixtures meters sifty fuses a numberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: an the arly part of eaighdingeady one they atisan ulotr lihde compne leasty ord be shaw mation at sixty five fif eveni close to fording street for his had quaters and showl ronce
	layer_4: an the early part of eighting aty one they atisen elactory light compny least od be shaw masion at sixty five fift evenn clos to forting street for his had quaters and shew romce
	layer_6: an the early part of eighting eghdy one the adizen elactry lidet company least eod be chil masion act sixty five fifth evenue close to fording street for his head quarters and show rims
	layer_8: in the early part of eightin eighty one the edeson eluctory a light company least a old be chalemashian act sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his head quarters and show roims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison eluctory light company leas daold be chyle mashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rooms
	layer_12: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison eluctory light company leas daold b schy mashin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rooms

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of the fin is homed intecily of thoatparid and is acuisition was a premond we signe of the surander of the fame is restnshall aven r to commeurs
	layer_4: this were s one of thet fine is homed inthe cily of that perit and is acquisition was a premonnet wer signe of the surrander of the famous restn shaol evinu to comemerce
	layer_6: this were as one of the fine is homed in the cily of tha perod and is acquisition was a premint were sigmn of the surender of the famous reston shold evenue to commerce
	layer_8: this weres one of the finest homed in the cily of that period and is acquisition was a premond erstign of the surrender of the famous restineeshould avenue to commerce
	layer_10: this weres one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premondresin of the surrender of the famous restin shud avenue to commerce
	layer_12: this weres one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premondrescin of the surrender of the famous restina shud avenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperiesd with a lat le gas anging was rle their stodtling
	layer_4: the experiesed with ha latle gas anging was sraetheir startling
	layer_6: the experienced with a latl gas anging wich frather startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a latoe gas angine was rather startling
	layer_10: the experienced with a latl gas engine was rather startling
	layer_12: the experienced with a latole gas engine was rather startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da ie was notd going very wow and won dunp to the man ing charge and god ex parying araunt
	layer_4: one day it was not going very whol and t one dunt to the manning charge and god ex poring araunt
	layer_6: one day it was not going very wel and it ene dan to the man in charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it wene done to the man in charge and got exporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and wen done to the man in charge and got exporing a rant
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and t wen done to the man in charge and got exporing a rant

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: fut an ex fouroal five year suxti fi was a verid abob be hife day an night
	layer_4: ho ha next forou five year six tifi was ta veri a bobe be hive day an night
	layer_6: for te next for o five year sixti fine was a vary tebob bee hive day ad night
	layer_8: for the next four o five year sixty fie was a varibo bee hive day and night
	layer_10: for the next four or five year sixty five was a varitable bee hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five years sixty five was a varitable bee hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet routein was very mucht the same ase that at the labor tory ing its urt a nack olit of the clork
	layer_4: the ruting was very much the same asked that at the labertory ing its utta nackoligt of the clock
	layer_6: thet roting was very much the same asked that at the labratary ing its ottern ackolit of the clock
	layer_8: thet routin was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its uternackolete of the clock
	layer_10: the routine was very much the same as that at the labratory ing its utter naklite of the clock
	layer_12: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its utter naklite of the clock

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: i was tell ing the gente monm one day that i could not kee a secre even they fi loke then mya en mi dusk they would brake it open
	layer_4: i was telling the gentemen wone day that i could not keepb a secre even they fy loced them my  bee y dusk they would break it open
	layer_6: i was telling he gentlemen one day that i could not keep a secre even they find locked them i had een my dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling the gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theif find locked them   ein my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling e gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even he if i locked them be in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even y if i locked them ib in my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he su gaster to me that he had a friend over an aith aveniu who mid u subeera grat of segress a who would showl them matrack
	layer_4: he sugjasterd to me that he had a friend over un aith avenue who mide a sbur a great of segres and who would show them atrake
	layer_6: he suggastered to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenune who made a subura grade of segres an who would show them a trike
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberiar grade of seres and who would show them a triu
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberiar grade of cecres and who would show them a trik
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberior grade of cecrets and who would show them a trigu

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sad that he would have some of thrn magde a with hear and o paperand i could t then ming without award and see thad resout
	layer_4: he said that he would have some of thern made a with har and o paper and i could put them ing without a ward and seethe resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of then made ab with hare and o paper and i coud put them ing without a word and see thad resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of the made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see their rasout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of the made ab with hare and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see their risout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hare and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see their risout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i houl no worda bo the matter
	layer_4: i ca kno more dabo the matter
	layer_6: i hougt no more about the matter
	layer_8: i hought no more about the matter
	layer_10: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_12: i thought no more about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: i dinth remember andything about it
	layer_4: i didnt remember anything about it
	layer_6: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busy oun other things to denotice
	layer_4: i was to busy yong other things to the notice
	layer_6: i was to busy young other things to thenotice
	layer_8: i was too busy young other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy young other things to dhe notice
	layer_12: i was too busy young other things to denotice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: speak ing o tho sdayce of nights at isnessesys yearsago wone of the great  iolinust was ramonny
	layer_4: speaking of thoestay s ofnights atisnenseys years ago one of the grea islnest wis ramoni
	layer_6: speaking of thosestas ofnights atisnessays years ago one of the great violenest was ramoni
	layer_8: speaking of those days of nights antisnes says years ago one of the great violinist was remeny
	layer_10: speaking of those days of knights antison says years ago one of the great violinists was remene
	layer_12: speaking of those days of knights andison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenis

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: he wial tak with me let i never asked him to bring his fyoling
	layer_4: who woud talk with me bat i never asked him to bring his fioeling
	layer_6: who wousd talk with me but i never asked him to bring his viling
	layer_8: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violing
	layer_10: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: why night he came with his fyoling aboud tov a'cloack
	layer_4: why niht he came with his filing about telv a'clock
	layer_6: why night he came with his violing about teve o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his violing about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: afeter that evei time he cme to newr yorg he usd to carseto fid lat enight with his fiolingged
	layer_4: after that every time he came to new yorg he used to carsuc y fied lat anight with his fiolenced
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new york he usedto car a suxetyfihd late a night with his fiolincd
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to cae a sxtyfid late a night with his violinc
	layer_10: after that every time he came nto new york he used to calr atd sixtyfie late a night with his violinch
	layer_12: after that every time he came nto new york he used to carr and sixtyfived late a night with his violinchk

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: andnother vhisiter whowoid used to giefus a go daol in usement am pleasue was kapand sha the had of  lendoin fibre ygatde
	layer_4: another visitor a who old used to givef us a goo deal im tusement and pleasure was kaptain shar they head of lendin fibrygate
	layer_6: another visitorr who would used to gife us a good dea emusement and pleasure was captain shar the head of lendon fiebry gate
	layer_8: another visitor who whald used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasurey was captain sha the head of london fibry gate
	layer_10: another visitor who had used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain shawh the head of london fibury gate
	layer_12: another visitor who had used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain sharh the head of london fibuary gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: wh wal go out amon the filadies and hath a greatime
	layer_4: h will go out amon the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_6: he will go out amon the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fi ladies and half a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: spaking ofh tell hes oris ti went sgodthelliy a m sdorwhiys at the heris in len factry and ta yard as he was leeaving
	layer_4: speaking ogf telles aris hi wonc god eliga mans dory's at the harris and lem factory ind tha yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of telles daris ty once god tellia mans doris at the harison lamn factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of tallastaris bhy once god tallia mans doris at the herrison lamfactory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of talestares by once god tellina man storis at the herris on lamfactory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of talestares by once god tellinga man storis at the heris on lamn factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: het was winder an heo ers allwing firs
	layer_4: he was winder and heo wers alwing first
	layer_6: he was windered and he wares alwing first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was owing first
	layer_10: he was windered and he was owing first
	layer_12: he was winded and he was owing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i had nothng ome to protean me of gaisto cold
	layer_4: i had nothing ome to protect me af guesstecolet
	layer_6: i had nothing om to protect me a guessta colt
	layer_8: i had nothing non to protect me a guesta cot
	layer_10: i had nothing non to protect me guesta cote
	layer_12: i had nothing on to protect me guesta cote

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: tenha gob plu oryse and hadobe sheipedo flori of for cur
	layer_4: nan agube pleariseend had o be shiped to flori e recur
	layer_6: anagob plery sianed had o beshiepe to flori o fre cury
	layer_8: nanagob plareseand had to beshippe to florry dor rocuriy
	layer_10: nanagob plarecyand had to be ship to flory ter procure
	layer_12: nanagob plarecy and had to beship to flory ther procure

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha mlenjor the te lihts of entrous andhisipation and a paro tus pletuy of faceng atisens expariments
	layer_4: he ha merelyienjoy the delights of anxrous and disipation and a parlous pleasury of factaning atisense expariments
	layer_6: he had merely endued the delights of ancxrous anicipation and a peralous pleasurye of factning adisenscs experiments
	layer_8: he had merely enjured the delights of anxious anticipation and a perilous pleasury of factoning adison's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely enjured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of fackoning adison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely enjured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of fackoning adison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now acte ei poitation was requie
	layer_4: now acted e ploitation was requite
	layer_6: now activ es ploetation was requite
	layer_8: now act ive explotation was requiret
	layer_10: now active exploitation was required
	layer_12: now act if exploitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is golt and glorry
	layer_4: lendon is goat and glory
	layer_6: lendon is goat and glory
	layer_8: lyndon his goat and glory
	layer_10: lindon his goat and glory
	layer_12: lindon his goat and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say best man ur moted outa fots and for the most the come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_4: they say best man aur moded out of fots and for the most tecome much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moted out of fots and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moted out of thoughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best man are moted out of fhoughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brok and colum of the o steeber th way hunda feedebove prain ros hi willhmsdruck an atituteof ther tary go fashion and odter the folling oure toric o fliged
	layer_4: standing on the brokend column of the o steeber thrweey hundrf feetebove prame rose hill will ams ruck an atitute of theretre go fashion and otteri the folling oulretorico flied
	layer_6: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hunded feet above praime ros hill willamstruckin atitude of theartrico fashion and otter the foling aulr ritorico fliet
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above prame rose hill willham struck an attitude of theoatrico fashion and otter the foling aritarica flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theotricco fashion and utter the folling aritorical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above preme rose hill william struck an attitude of theotrico fashion and utter the folling aritorical flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glaryus lendon
	layer_6: glorius lendon
	layer_8: glorious london
	layer_10: glorious london
	layer_12: glorious london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: asaid how san o think that the day will com whel not e vastate of this one of or mass haof hu man arigy shal rema where the cry of the woff bat and bedon she allly be heard a natuur agaim whresum her rustick s blendan dusolation
	layer_4: sad how saun to thing that the day will cone werld not avastage of this one of ermass of humanyanigy shall remain where the cry of the waff bad and betom shoe almly be hearid a nature agin wresume her rustic sblandon desolation
	layer_6: sad how saind to think that the day willcome weld not avastege of this one of remass of humanenorgy shall remain where the cry of the walf bad and beat hom shel almuly be heard a nature again resume her rustic splendond desolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wert not a vastede of this wonef rmass of human energy sheall remain with the cry of the warf bad and beat hem should alally be heard an nature again resumed her rustic splendind desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastege of this wondeifrmasse of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beat en shoull alnally be heard a nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastege of this wonderfr masse of human energy sheall remain with the cry of the warf bad and beat en shoull alnally be heard a nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas heaven was sta resort for actors authirs betheemons lors and ladie whod dit now retimen early to thair downing coutcus
	layer_4: the devlas heaven was the resort for actors authors buhemionslors and ladies who a did no retime early to thir downing coucius
	layer_6: the deviles teaven was the resort for actors authors but hemians floeres and ladies who  did not retime early to their downing couches
	layer_8: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemion flores and ladies who h did not retine early to their downing couches
	layer_10: the devils heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemions flors and ladies who did now returne early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilis heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians flors and ladies who did now return early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well om ad mysou soon faun rest indepes lumbern a weafhte away inow ad dremlys rim our tied bod is layi ng the ing folwing arm soe morforce un to the poto nock at aur dordi next borning as ta clock of the towre struck the our of nine
	layer_4: well omn and my sou soon found rast indeeps lumbering ad wefted away into a dramlys rim our tied botis lay in the ing foling arm soe morfrs unto the potor knock at our drd next borning askedta clock of the towerstruckt the our of nine
	layer_6: well on ammy sau soon found rast in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dramless rim our tied bodtis lay in the ingfoing arm some morfhors unto the pottern knock at our dored next morning astho'clock of the tower struckt the hour of nine
	layer_8: well o am mysoun soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamlys roim our tie bodice lay in theinfoding armsor morphors unto the pottern knock at our door next morning as t o'clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: well on am mysou soon found rastd in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless roim our tide boice lay in the infolding arms on morphurs unto the pottern knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: well own a mysou soon found rast in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless roim our tide bodice lay in the unfolding arms on morphurs unto the pottern knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i fir sid of son rising lend a gif ts gred expitations o fame andfordtumn for surelly alwe had rs glowing exatations
	layer_4: o firs side of sun rising lend e givf a gred expetations o fame anfortune for surely allwa had wrs glowing expetations
	layer_6: ou first side of sum rising lend a gif as great expitations o fame and fortune for surely alwe had was glowing expitations
	layer_8: our first sighte of sun rising lindend givfe uts great expetations oufr fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising lenden gif us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunrising lenden gift us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: oft exitation fouse and most af there where most apromises and off a hids were hopeish codest and he sper most fits
	layer_4: aft expitation fous and most aft there where most a promises and of a hids were hope is codest and tesparemost fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fous and most aft there were most apromises and off a hids were hope is codest and despairemost fit
	layer_8: oft expitation fows and most af there were most a promises and off a hids were hopes codest and despairmost fit
	layer_10: oft expetation fowls and most oft there were most a promises and ot a hids were hopeles coldest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expetation fowls and most oft there were most a promises and oft a hids were hopeess coldest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: dusis one dubber whin sixes trabiclng
	layer_4: ducus one dub when sixest trebicoin
	layer_6: duces one duba when sixes trebicoin
	layer_8: deuses one dub win sixis trebicon
	layer_10: deuces one dbwin sixes trebicoin
	layer_12: deuces one dbowin sixes trebicoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: well am to the greyd a mazemend of the dilar flong a gining in tha senapot whichres inmedal y t hept by jack wild they otherstooked on in sileng expitation
	layer_4: well him to the greyd amazement of the diller flung aginning in tha sentapot which wers immedally thepd by jack whild the otherstlooked on in siling expetation
	layer_6: well him to the great amazement of the diller flung aginning in the sanapot which weres immedialely tepped by jack whild the others looked on in siling expitation
	layer_8: wellim to the great amazement of the daller flung a ginneing in the senapot which wers immediately tapped by jack whild the others looked on in sileng expetation
	layer_10: william to the great amazement of the deler flung a guinea in the cenapot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the cenapot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the pit jack wrepod a'l ricestor tike a word for it
	layer_4: the plite jack repund all riceir take a word for it
	layer_6: the plite jack repuned all rie sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the plite jack replined i'll rihte sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the polite jack replied all rite sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack replied all rite sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i ave sint y life upon the casd o is stande hauzerd of the diy
	layer_4: i have sent my life upon the cast a will standa housert of the die
	layer_6: i have send my life upon the cast atwill stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_10: i have spent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have spent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i m medall ya followed in his pr stps and found ma jokin with a lend loady abota coube vf infan bu paps she was fanderling her coampacious lap
	layer_4: iimmedala followed ang his fustaps and found ama jolging with ha lend lady about a coupbeoof infant boo paps she was fondeling her campacious lap
	layer_6: i immeedaly followed ing his fistaps and foundhima joging with ha lendlody about a coupe of infand boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i immediately followed in his fotsteps and found him a jogin with ha lanlady about a couple of infan bou paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joging with the landlady about a couple of infan bu peaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joging with the landlady about a couple of infand bou peaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i thy had jopbed out of he clouts will an couldnot have bee more pleased o surprised and the feieling was reciprco
	layer_4: ife had jopbed out of a clots will im could not have bee more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_6: if he had jopped out of a clouts well am could not have ben more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciprico
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of the clouds willam could not have been more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised han the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised an the feeling was reciprocho

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prinyg shop a fou was owling a shore distans fromn the dab was tavean and we wereing vided to viysithey stablishmend
	layer_4: the prining shop af faw was owling a sshure distance from the dabl's tavhenm and we were invided to visitay stablishmend
	layer_6: the prenming shopaf fow was owing asure distance from the devilstavhem and we were invited to visid eestablishment
	layer_8: the prining chopavfau was owing a sore distance from the devils taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prining chapafau was owing a short distance from the devis taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prining schapafau was owing a short distance from the devils taven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s crobige gased for a moant and the maly form a willam and blery out ing his blove mener what do you know
	layer_4: james grobege gazed for a momend ond the manly forma willim and blury out in his blouvh miner what do you know
	layer_6: james grobadge gazed for a moment on the manly form a willam and bluri out in his blaghminner what do you know
	layer_8: james robbage gazed for a moment on the manly former willim and blurded out in his blahmanner what do you know
	layer_10: james robage gazed for a moment on the manly formerf willhim and blurted out in his blaffmanner what do you know
	layer_12: james robage gazed for a moment on the manly form ef willhim and blurted out in his bluffmanner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the next day everybodin the huse began to make preparations foert e journey
	layer_4: the next day everybod in the house began to make preparations wor the journey
	layer_6: the next day everybodyin the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: everything was den very lasurely though there as a lott a talking an dispting and the giving of contry ordiers
	layer_4: everything was denvery lasurely though thre was a lott o talkng an dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_6: everything was done very leasurely though thre was a lott of talking an dispoodting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though thre was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porter was  thaire dracting ha scording the surence afs they piled the rug somplenkts and bags of thood and pots and pands anddishes in to the wagen
	layer_4: the old porter was there dracting a scoolding the servants as they piled the rug somd blankets and beggs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there dracting ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was thare directing ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was thare directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was thare directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quite of procession o an theat lastd the bicg weggin rombod out thrugh the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite a percession of in thea last the big wagon rumbowd out through the get way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession of en that last the big wagon rumboed out through the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession en hat last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behind a camed the ganmonther and her doy deck a sood o ra litter wor easy chair som between too long polse
	layer_4: behind i came the grandmother and her july dack a soot of a litter wer easy chair som between two long pose
	layer_6: behind i came to the grandmother and her july dack a sot of a litter were easy chair sume between two long poes
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother and her juli deck a sort of a litter ere easy chair sume between two long poles
	layer_10: behind i came o the grandmother and her juli deck a sort of a litter or easy chair some between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came o the grandmother and her julie deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besie the foumily they re many survante and soverl others walked beside a slow moving wagen
	layer_4: besided the family theye were many servants and suveral others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_6: besidzed the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_10: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving waggon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to wene with them
	layer_4: the cook too wont with them
	layer_6: the cook too wont with them
	layer_8: the cook too won't with them
	layer_10: the cook too won't with them
	layer_12: the cook too won't with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: good by shaded littenou fromiss card on wasty won by god by
	layer_4: good by shat a littlenou from hiss gardon wasly woneby good by
	layer_6: good bye shoted little now from his garden wasly went bye good bye
	layer_8: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilsty went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted a little now from his garden whilsty went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted a little now from his garden whilsty went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shata greeding to the friend the paoter as ta pass thom and uso to the old facur smired al olver with ashes who san an little brickaut by the bigh and prtended to make wonderful curs
	layer_4: they shouta greeding trough their friend the potter as the pased them and also to the old facure smiried all overy with ashes who sat in an little brik hut by the bridge and prtended to make wonderful curs
	layer_6: they shouted greeting trugh their friend the potter as they pasd him and also to the old facer smeried all over withashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting thrugh their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facer smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting trough their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: theis is more un the ghong o schoor se colar as the oxinplarediy r alongthreug clous of dest
	layer_4: this is mores en the goin tou school  sickola as the oxan plarted alonge through clous of dust
	layer_6: this is more fund ner going to school said cola as the ox em pladed alon through claus of dust
	layer_8: this is more funder going to school said cola as the oxem ploded along through clouds of dust
	layer_10: this is more funna going to school said cola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more funna going to school said cola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: these lovely birs ir funnarlly everyworn anddia and in some parts wroin quite wild
	layer_4: these lovely birds are foudnearly everywore in indiea and in some parts we in quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts erein quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts orein quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his flong matded hair hung on his shoders and ye was sing his prayers with the helpe of the rosary of beats which she continually pashed the his hands
	layer_4: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and e was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which she continually passted thee his hands
	layer_6: his long madted hair hung on his showders and he was seing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed throurh his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beats which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the wagin came up the yong man who a company the wholdly man ranup and howdout a beging ble saying give o chariedable people to this holy one
	layer_4: as the wagon came up a young man who accompany the wholly man ran up and how dout a begingbole saying give o churidable people to this holly one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and how dout a bagging boll saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the waggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and helwed out a bagging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and heled out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and helled out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no contriy in the wood has o many bagers as indea
	layer_4: no country in the wod has so many beggers as india
	layer_6: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: many of the man cot wholy men becausd they do nothing but make pugromages froeone secrert plyce do idnother ther ving oully on the ams hat r givmin to them
	layer_4: many of them on couht wholly men because ley do nothing but make pogromages from one secrit poice to another no vhing solely on the arms tatae given to them
	layer_6: many of them ar caurht holly men because they do nothing but make pogrimages from one sacret poic to another nowving solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pogrimages from one sacret ploice to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred poice to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred poice to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: an they had eaten their lunch the yong pe bontr ax plore the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eaten their lunch the youn't peo p onter explore the garden near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went or explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhap their dok aid me holla  litte fearfully but hiy for got about dogks rind thy sawht the get o shouldre king down py as strem
	layer_4: perhaps they are doks ein mahalla a little fearfully but they oregot about dogs on thy sawt thickit of should hey king down y his stream
	layer_6: perhaps ther are dog said mahala a little fearfully but they foregot about dogs and they saw thicket of shoudy king down by his stream
	layer_8: perhaps they are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of suger cing down by his stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wen they saw a thicket of sugar kane down by his stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar kane down by his stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: praps roe can by some from the man theuge he is now ploing bey the schren said cola
	layer_4: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now ploing by the steam said calla
	layer_6: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: it is theokgin hor water said the farmer as he took a los uck of caine and gently gided at jownto his ram
	layer_4: it is thook in for water said the farmer as he took a lost fuck of cane and gently guided it down to tis dream
	layer_6: it has looking for water said the farmer as he took a los fuckof kane and gently guided it down to this tream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost felcof cane and gently guided it down to thistream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost felco cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost felco cane and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as tanother sticret animal of the hindes and theygwa now killer injr en for anything
	layer_4: the snake is tanother stacret animal of the hinddues and they wole not kill were ingure  wend for anything
	layer_6: the snake is another stacretd animal of the hindues andthey wild not kill where injure wend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another stacretd animal of the hindus an they wild not kill or injure wend for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacret animal of the hindus and they will not kill or injure wen for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacriet animal of the hindos and they will not kill or injure wen for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then rebutcho mo wan again they sogry clowdtlwe dust gen the road
	layer_4: as thim abouthti meowan again they sagrey clowdle dust gown the road
	layer_6: as them aebout to moveon again they sagree cloudold dust down the road
	layer_8: as they were bout to move on again they saw ore clouda dust down the road
	layer_10: as they werabout to move on again they saw hery cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw hery cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: ar turne oubt that ay was ta grey ampowerfull rega gogansthay ona joune to was tat unothe reja here ruler of one of the smalking doms or states of which margren indeas formly madea
	layer_4: ar turned out that a wos the greet and powerful rega goig an stey on a jouni to wis e another rega or rulr of one of the small angdoms or states of which mardin indios formly mada
	layer_6: aeturned out that it was a great amd powerful rega going an stay on arjouni to wits  another rega or ruler of one of the small cangdoms or states of which madren indio s formerlly madeu
	layer_8: ieturned doubt that it was tha great and powerful regah going ind state on ou journey ty with th another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up
	layer_10: i turned out that it was a great and powerful ruggia going and state on ou journey to withi another ruggia or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up
	layer_12: i turned oubt that it was a great and powerful ruggia going and state on our journey to withit another ruggia or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: first the came of bicg elhent ou decrade with silcan goldan siver
	layer_4: first there came a big elephant out decorated with silken goldend' silver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant oul decorated with silken golden silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silken goldand silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the elphan sback whit was the howde which es thi a bick char o the canopy over it and in this sitting crost light was the regar hav bike tat fellow dressd in colords socxsan dewls ad the great damand sep plumin his turben
	layer_4: on the elephan spack wit was the houda which is tlike a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow drestdin colord e suxs and jewels  the great dimon set plum in is tuban
	layer_6: on the elephant pack whi was the howuder which as like a big chair of ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in coloredy soax and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_8: on the elephant's back wwas the howder which wis like a big chair wit ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rugar a big fat fellow dressed in colored sulks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which wis like a big chairwith a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which wis like a big chairwith a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudgar a big fat fellow dressed in colored silks and jewels the great diamond setplume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: thehiand the howdes that as seran hoding a becam brilloa o fn feathos over the rejas head
	layer_4: behind the how dus that isservan hoding a bigam brella a fone feathers over the rejas head
	layer_6: behind the how des that a servin holding a bigambrella a fine feathers over the ragas head
	layer_8: behind the howdust that a servant holding a big umbrella af fine feathers over the raga's head
	layer_10: behind the how dust doid a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raga's head
	layer_12: behind the how dust doid a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the raja's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the drayver sat on the nech of the elepent and guided the big bes hatp e prowding herm aone side hor the other wit than iron shod stick or gold
	layer_4: the driwers set on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast hat he prouding her mo one side or the other with an iron shod e stick or gold
	layer_6: the dri were sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that byprouding hir on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_8: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prowding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is in it fine to rilio doun of big elofant
	layer_4: is in it fine to rilok ownd a big elephant
	layer_6: is n't it fine to rila don a big elephant
	layer_8: is 't it fine to rie a down a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to rite i down a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to ritle i down a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: n athe r ess of the day tha little folc tolked of nothing with he greet ar jinus exscot
	layer_4: and atheress of the day tha little folk talked of nothing with he great wer jinus esct
	layer_6: and althe ress of the day thet little folk talked of nothing with ha great were jinas esclte
	layer_8: an all the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing buth he great ragianus escot
	layer_10: and al the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragianus escot
	layer_12: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginus escot

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party cime to a hot a mo many other belock carts the onrs o which oreaty sitting around on the ground cuokingtes suppers ar bargenning forfoet atha little booth
	layer_4: our party cime to a holt a momany other bloc a carts the owners of which aready sitting around on the grond cooking the suppers ar barganning for food at the little booth
	layer_6: our party cam throg a hat a mo many other bulock carts the owners of which ealready sitting around on the ground cooking thei suppers or bargaining for foot at a little booth
	layer_8: our party came through a halt a mo many other buloc carts the owners of which wealready sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for foot at a little booth
	layer_10: our party came thou a halt a most many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_12: our party came tho a halt a most many other belock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they used fore plats he pbingd them upwith heir bord rice and cury end sfish and os stows of puttingsn sets
	layer_4: these they used for plates he pbing them up with their boold rice and courry and fish and aure storce of puttings and sweets
	layer_6: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and coury and fish and ou sors of puttings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and astorts of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sortes of puttings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sortes of puttings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supper was beeng eatin unother porty stopp af the paro and campd to no faur a wit
	layer_4: a suppera was been eton another party stopped at the para and capedto not ar awit
	layer_6: a supper was being neaten another party stopped at the paral and camped not far awa
	layer_8: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the paral end camped not far away
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral end camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parral end camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: when he liter was pet down he un boyceteppd doubt wickinmg rry prowd and holty
	layer_4: when the liter was put down he youn boy stepped oubt wiokin mary prowd and halty
	layer_6: when the little was put down a young boy stepped out blecking vary owd and halty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out loking very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out lookame very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out lookame very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: hads soance i wene spredta hands and rug n the gan for him to sito i rushed about wating o him toa king good care to keep everyone unt a jistant
	layer_4: has surance i once spread a handsom rugg in the grond for him to sit a i rushed about waiting ol him toaking good care to keep every one und ad justante
	layer_6: has serancs a once spread a handsome ruk n the ground for him to sit off i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep every one antajistanc
	layer_8: his servants at once spread a handsome rug n the ground for him to sit off and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at addistancee
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit of and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distancee
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit of and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a distancee

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an shal he olrdrs everyone about him
	layer_4: yes and shall he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes and showl he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders every one about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: arande little bromons netk oas a thin corderf drid which was tha sign of his high cast
	layer_4: around te little brominsneck os a thin cordt er driad which as tha sign of his high cast
	layer_6: aroud ha little browmin sneck ofs a thin curter dread which is ha sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little browman's neck ofs a thin quarter dhread which is a sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little brawman's neck ias a thin quarter thread which is a sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little brawman's neck s a thin quarter thread which is a sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwhile the hol ty litte bramon ai his supper hen t is head turned away so nolonc a sehe hm eat and then gring tired of respectful glanes of the crowd around him he cot untorhs litter again and the seans fathine the cruitance titely around im
	layer_4: meanwhile the holty little bramin a his supperm when thes head turned away so no lunchas y him eat and then going tired of respeckful glances of the crowd around him he got uenteo his a litter again and the servrin's fast ened the critance tigtly around him
	layer_6: meanwhile the halty little bramon ade his supperom when this head turned away sl no lunchuse him eat and then goining tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gaot into his litter again and the servants fast ened the curitains tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little brammon ate his supperm when his head turned away saw nooncou see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his blitter again and the servans fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the haulty little braman ate his supburm when his head turned away saw no one ur see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his blitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the halty little brahmman ate his supburm when his head turned away saw no oneceur see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his blitter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arybody sep sounly and spiterf the fact that one of the surmnce was beating ad drommus of the night wrch they rillyd believed wis the way to keepafh evil spirids
	layer_4: aerybody sept soundly and spite of the fact tat one of the servmants was beating a drumus of the night whichd they reully believed wah the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_6: everybody sept soundly ind spite of the fact tat one of the servants was beating a drum mosst of the night which they really believed wis te way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servonts was beathing a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermonts was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servons was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the thes hecrid
	layer_4: o the these he cried
	layer_6: oh the thiese he cried
	layer_8: oh the thiefs he cried
	layer_10: oh the thievfs he cried
	layer_12: oh the thievs he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: there spad is the bakers
	layer_4: there hows bad es the bakers
	layer_6: there havs bat as the bakers
	layer_8: they're aas bad as the bakers
	layer_10: thy're as bad as the bakers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the bakers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: whl ar thogh garding so careferlly shea askd ther brether
	layer_4: whell are though garding so carefully shea asked her brother
	layer_6: well art tho guarding so carefully she a asked her brother
	layer_8: well ar thou guarding so carefully she  asked her brother
	layer_10: wa art thou guarding so carefully she a asked her brother
	layer_12: wa art thou guarding so carefully she a asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an cold o ere walking be said the ween for a thange
	layer_4: he an cold a were walking be said the regon for ha change
	layer_6: he ancoldavwere walking beside the wegon for ar change
	layer_8: he andcola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and colah were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and colah were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lat iss rist soche anda mother and aunt could enjoy the fesh air
	layer_4: the ladeses were ised soche and h mother and aunt could enjoy the fesh air
	layer_6: the lateces were ised sochea and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the lattices were ised soushia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices wererised to soshia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattices wererised to soshiya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: there my dows tai the littre girl soudly a she pad e the bundeo be sider
	layer_4: there my dawls saod the little girl soundly is she patd e he bunder be side her
	layer_6: there my doll said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunder beside her
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunder beside her
	layer_10: theyre my dolls said the little girl soudly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_12: there my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundle beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i teade them wuth an offering to the whole y rover poor little woman
	layer_4: i tade them with an offering to the wholey rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: must thosacrifise thy towys to
	layer_4: must tho stacrifise thy toys to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_8: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_10: must thou sacrificed thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrificed thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smader uncle  she padted her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle asee patted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smallt er uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smalter uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smalter uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter fourty nine grigs isdubpen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine grigs istupon
	layer_6: chapter forty nine griks is stubpen
	layer_8: chapter forty nine grigks is stutbon
	layer_10: chapter forty nine griggs is stubpon
	layer_12: chapter forty nine griggs is stubpon

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days glided by with the stifness in chrispesed tems growing lust painful and the pony recovering fast for the clera mountinars eem to ac ie a cur for woonds
	layer_4: the days glided by bwith the stiffness and chrispiese thims growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clearamountainairseemd to actlike a cure for a woundds
	layer_6: the days gladed by but the stiffness and chrisby's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clera mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by but the stiffness in crispe's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountaine airs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by buth the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by but the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day they came showt the indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_4: every day the came showed the indred animal in better condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal and better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the injured animal and bitter condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal and bitter condition
	layer_12: every day the cam showed the injured animal and bitter condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: its effors tomove nolonger made crisiens and forget his own pins an thouse he felt at seeing the musting suffer
	layer_4: ats effors to move na longermade chrisiencs and forget his own paings in those he felt at seeing the musting suffer
	layer_6: ats efforst to moven o longer maide chrisiins and forget his own piings in those he felt at seeing the mustaine sufper
	layer_8: its effort to move no longer made chriseins and forget his own pans in those he felt at seeing the mustain suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: veryou lone ors buzy for the keeping watch reglary took up a good dea o of time
	layer_4: every one wa's busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: at'sar nongsene nead cridcresse for them tat thin thar their staing on a coun of us who lo grigke where you litening
	layer_4: it's a non sense ned crid cris for them to thinkth o their staying on account of us who loh grigs where you listening
	layer_6: it's ou nonsense ned cried chris for them to think hat their staying on account of us holo griggs were you listening
	layer_8: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hollo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they'r staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they'r staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: how did your pony cgo thiss morning splended
	layer_4: how did your ponigo liss morning splended
	layer_6: how did your ponigo thiss morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your ponygo this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: jhis hated a litt on the ba leg but his bittet than a was yestedy
	layer_4: jus harte a little on the ba leg but his better than a was yestidy
	layer_6: just heart e a little on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterdy
	layer_8: jus harted a little on the bare leg but i's better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just hart it a little on the bare leg but its better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just hart it a little on the bare leg but it's better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: ti decanther this morney canter
	layer_4: tid yo canter this mornig canter
	layer_6: did you canter this morning cant er
	layer_8: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_10: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you canter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: weu wat ad a gi s treeing gallop and wha o beout you
	layer_4: we went ad a got streeing gallop and what tabout you
	layer_6: we went at a git strwn gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went at a goitseing gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a goit sweing gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a goitswing gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: o i monla litte stif sti
	layer_4: oh a monly little stirf still
	layer_6: oh im only little stiff still
	layer_8: oh i'am onlya little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i am only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i am only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shall guet strong wore quickly gourning over the plaincs or clomin in an o a on the mountaincs
	layer_4: we sholld get strong more quickly journing over the plaints or climing in anow am on the mountains
	layer_6: we shaw get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an oul amon the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plains or climbing in an ou among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly jurnying over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he says were de surcce to morral at dabrike
	layer_4: he says were disturt to morralw at dabrik
	layer_6: he says were do start to morolw at dabrick
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrewl at daybrick
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrol at daybrick
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrol at daybrick

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: horh credcess
	layer_4: hora crd kis
	layer_6: huora cried chus
	layer_8: hurra cried cus
	layer_10: hurrah cried cas
	layer_12: hurrah cried cas

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shakt my lad mhy not
	layer_4: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_6: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: becaceats theen indians again
	layer_4: becasouts then indianse again
	layer_6: becausotesshen indians again
	layer_8: becaus outs seeng indians again
	layer_10: beks ovs seeing indians again
	layer_12: beks ovs seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: your all wys seing indans again
	layer_4: oh youre all is sing ind diancs again
	layer_6: oh you're all wis sing indiance again
	layer_8: oh you're all as seeing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're allwas seeing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're allways seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the showe them fils to me i dan't wat them si cgrix strily
	layer_4: whele they show them sfils to me i dn't wat them sicruik straly
	layer_6: wele theys show them fills to me i don't want them sid rik stryly
	layer_8: well they show themsalves to me i dodn't want them said crikstryly
	layer_10: well they show themsalves to me i didn't want them said gricks dryly
	layer_12: well they show themsalves to me i dodn't want them said gricks dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: dhn artfullot and orte beeng away ad o i beliese
	layer_4: thern artful loht ned weu'ed been away it a i beliece
	layer_6: theyr an artful lot never'd been away at all i believe
	layer_8: they'e an artful lot never beeng away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never being away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: wecouldn't seem btt few me e i statd they had beeng close upon a he was drecktly
	layer_4: recouldn't see hm bu fre me a starte they had been close upon a he as drecktly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him bo f e me to start they had been close upon her hees directly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him buth if e me a start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him but if we mead a start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but if we mead a start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: a you had o thapinm crss ind tend miliciously
	layer_4: ah you havd o trap tem akurs said end miliciously
	layer_6: ah you hade to trap them a kurs said and maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap them mockrs said nane maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap them ckurs said nan maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them ackurs said nan maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: lookure t he sa  again we shal quaire he ra at grigs
	layer_4: look hereit he sai ut again we shall quirel he r dhat grigs
	layer_6: look hereit he sae out again we shall querel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here hes saed out again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_10: look here he's sade out again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here he sade out again we shall quarrel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i here ser you wriht
	layer_4: oh yes i heare serfe right
	layer_6: oh yes i hear serfy right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear sere yo right
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serve you right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he can shol as a betawa y had better holdrd tone
	layer_4: itf he can' sho as a bet awayyo had better hold her tongue
	layer_6: if he can' show us the bet away ou had better hold her tongue
	layer_8: if he can't show us a bettar way yhou had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us ta better way you had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us ta better way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: be ry well i can do that sai nedt hartially
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hortily
	layer_6: bery well i can do that said ned hatily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned haghtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: they are that's enough crred crsse ton't be so petyg ed
	layer_4: they ae that's enough cried chris don'tbe so petty ned
	layer_6: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petdy ned
	layer_8: theyare that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sright cad ges
	layer_4: tha s right cud goos
	layer_6: that's right cudgos
	layer_8: that's right cut gous
	layer_10: that's right cutgukes
	layer_12: that's right cutguke

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: look euare lae of jruspbeing cthrying that place again
	layer_4: look hier lae of jrust big trying that pace again
	layer_6: look here lads of justpig trying that place again
	layer_8: look here lads of drispbing trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of drisping trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of drisping trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he time thet doc to likes
	layer_4: and he time the doctor likes
	layer_6: any time the doctor likes
	layer_8: any time the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shoht ap b i felofe to botan airow sound's bad enugh but is no muct riscere
	layer_4: being shot ap y fellows the bothen airow sounds bed enough but thes not much riskire
	layer_6: being shot at y fellows wof bothan arrow sounds bad enough but thre's not much risk ere
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows woth bowt and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i don't kno about thatc ea chruss ancxiously
	layer_4: i don't know about that s echris anxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don't you will i do
	layer_4: don't you we'll i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should be running fast and darging in ane amon the rock and chrees
	layer_4: i should be running fast and darging in anot amon the rocks and chees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in anou among the rocks and crees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and ou among the rocks and trees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and trees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: bute enyby wane be stanning stil coultinude grigs
	layer_4: but the enebe  won't be staning stil continued grugs
	layer_6: but the enebyn won't be standing still continued grigs
	layer_8: but the eneby  won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemyan won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemyan won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: ant believe this bittaresk for me i shall be orid
	layer_4: ant believe this bitte risk for me i shall be al rigd
	layer_6: aun't believe this a bit e risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_8: an't believe there's a bit ar risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: an't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: an't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it ana moas wol be wlle back in thai whole sichress
	layer_4: but it animose woll be well back in thait whole sid chres
	layer_6: but at animls will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_8: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_12: but at animals will be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes my lad but i want them to be plinted fordthe backsfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plineted forthe back  fill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted for the back fill
	layer_8: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backsfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their backsvill
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for their backsfill

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and thae fraid father was sayteaf the ponis ought to be close at hand
	layer_4: and a fraid father wasl say that the ponie's ought to be close that hand
	layer_6: and afraied father was say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: im afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes that srght fha can be don but lill go hardr thus all f the indianskyve uk the ba of the crap and turne upon those who said it
	layer_4: yes that stright if it can be done but i'll go hard o t us all of the indian sgave up the ba of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_6: yes that sright if it can be done but i wll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's right if it can be done but it ill go hard with us all if the indians gave up the baite of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but itwill go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whill you must tucket a ruith father sicrae
	layer_4: whele you must thalk it a rou th father sicris
	layer_6: wele you must talk it a ru ith father sichris
	layer_8: well you must talk it a ru with father n sicrus
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father and cycrus
	layer_12: well you must talk it a rue with father and cycrus

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to man yo wretskins thabout as i told you
	layer_4: to many wretskins thebout as i told you
	layer_6: to many wretskins the bout as i told you
	layer_8: too many redskins abot as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there alwas to many read scins about craredchresnmpitiently
	layer_4: there always to many red skinds about craed christimpitiently
	layer_6: theyre al ways too many red t skins about cried christimpatiently
	layer_8: they're always too many redgskins about cried chris im patiently
	layer_10: they're always too many red skins about cried chrisimpatiently
	layer_12: there're always too many red skins about cried chrisimpatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: o wishoocould chares them bolyias send them flyng over he plains
	layer_4: i wis hh could charges them bollias synd them sflying over the plans
	layer_6: awishu could charge them bolia send them flying over the planes
	layer_8: awishe could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish we could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them bolia send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: no ry to come byck a gain said nand sharply
	layer_4: nover to come back again said nen sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again said nene sharpbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said nen sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said nen sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quite mlage tontdo se t ot re playng af r retick lish ging
	layer_4: not quite my lads doon'to see that were plaing af e retook lesh gaing
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing of vy rytock lesh game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we 're playing i y ryticklesh gam
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing ou bevery ticklush game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing af bevery ticklush game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: tres then the doctr cam to the shouder wit he boyce hav eing talking bring with en waten hlabin shooding orather trined to shoote for h had had no sescess andthey too were talking onest ly ofbhaut ways ad s
	layer_4: drist then the doctr came i to the shouder with the boys hav ing talking bring with hem waton wh havbi shooting oratherd tring to shoot for he had had no susess and they towo were talking earnesstly abut ways and mens
	layer_6: dresst then the dactor came into the sheuter with a boys havebeeng talking bring with hem warton who hav ben shooting or rathered trying to shoot for he had had no success and they two were talking earnestly about waiys and keas
	layer_8: just then the doctor came into the shouter with the boys have been talking bring with them wharton who had been shooting or rathere trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meas
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the sheulter whith the boys have been talking bring with them warton who had been shooting or rathere trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meas
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have been talking bring with him warton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meas

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: oh hery or grgs prerd the doctor
	layer_4: oh hear yar grigs creed the doctor
	layer_6: oh her yark briggs cried the doctor
	layer_8: oh here you are briggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here you are briggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here you are briggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had a good to n escaluting yes sir
	layer_4: had a god to n a sgoutin yes sir
	layer_6: had a good turn a scoudyn yes sir
	layer_8: had a good turn u scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turn a scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turn a scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indi ins have shopete the corters and theri in thebout as a cirt upossision us lhey could contrie au ae purpese
	layer_4: the indians have shiopdta the quarters and ther i in tabout us oquordt a position as le could contrive four hurpose
	layer_6: the indians have shipedted ther quarters and there re in tha bout us ikard a position thas we could contryve for r purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shipted their quarters and they are in about us akward a position thas we could contrive for our purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in about us awkward a position as we could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and they are in about us awkward a position as we could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: e must get away from he to some good hunting ground
	layer_4: e must get away from hear to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to toe indi sing o be camthing or ong on ta moes
	layer_4: to the indian sink to be camping or only onthe move
	layer_6: to the indian sing to be capping or only on the move
	layer_8: do the indian sing to be camping or only on the move
	layer_10: do the indian shing to be camping or only on the move
	layer_12: do the indian shing to be camping or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: the semed tome to be hatin fp some doargere anotherin pli grigs
	layer_4: the seeme to me to be hatching up some darger another anreplied bgrigs
	layer_6: this seeme to me to be hatching up someof dager another andreplied briggs
	layer_8: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dadd or another nreplied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dadg or another replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dadge or another replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: then he began towolk up b an downs fully ovoildentlye deepen thought
	layer_4: then he began to walk up and dowce folly evidently deep ind thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downce fully evidently deep en thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downcefolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and downsloly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and downslowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ia's made uf ly mine
	layer_4: there he said as madeo y mind
	layer_6: there he said av made of thy mind
	layer_8: there he said have made uf thy mind
	layer_10: there he said have made uf thy mind
	layer_12: there he said have made uf thy mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mery evident that we ma wai her thor sthors akxoush bed and be as foar of thouht prtuidy wy sc use evern
	layer_4: it is merry evident that we may wight he are chouhn stores ae ostbe and be as far off theour prtunidy we seec as evern
	layer_6: it is marry evident that we may wit here tou store as a ke fosbid and be as far off their op portunity we seek us evern
	layer_8: it is merry evident that we may wait here to our storeas akoucbi and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_10: it is mary evident that we may wait here to our store as axsauceby and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_12: it is mary evident that we may wait here to our store as axsausely and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: the in eas celet we cannot and thaseehyg o now it
	layer_4: the indians kill atd we cannot and they seene to know it
	layer_6: the indians killwagt we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_8: the indians kill wet we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_10: the indians kilweit we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians kilweit we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin tocgive up youngprices plind sidt pe ex  plobly
	layer_4: goin to give up young priss's plane sit pex ploly
	layer_6: going to give up young chris's plan sid be xlowly
	layer_8: going to give up young chriss's plan saidt bey exlowly
	layer_10: going to give up young kriss's plan said beak slowly
	layer_12: going to give up young kriss's plan said beak slowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no a'm goint to put t n fource ou once we stoat to night
	layer_4: no i'm going to put it in force out once we stote to night
	layer_6: no i'm going to put it an force out once we stat to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put i in force out once we start to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: the a ther sam we conbe naking u phreparitions
	layer_4: wu au ther samed we can be naking up heparations
	layer_6: but all the same we can be making up reparations
	layer_8: but all the san we can be making up preparitions
	layer_10: but all the same we can be making ur preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making up preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the barewas camme for d wlahter and everyone s botu
	layer_4: the barews can efordod wahter and every onesbottu
	layer_6: the barrels can be foordwod water and every onesbottle
	layer_8: the barrels can be foldwid water and everyone's bottle
	layer_10: the barrels can be floed with water and everyone's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be floted with water and every one's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: rolitions can be pack t ion ou wall its ed fact overytin helw ready fore stoct
	layer_4: prolitions can be pack tin o wallits ha at everything hel ready for e stat
	layer_6: prolitions can be packed in o wallats tha fat everything hell ready for a start
	layer_8: prolisions can be packed in ou wallets a fact everything hel ready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: finaly juset thus the aaamust canbe drividence wer fden water and
	layer_4: finally jusept thufk the anamis can be drividence wereh footern water and
	layer_6: finally just at tusk the animoas can be drivedence er foodern water and
	layer_8: finally just at thusk the animavs can be driven in with food and water and
	layer_10: finally just at thusk the animals can be driven in with food and water and
	layer_12: finally just at thusk the animals can be driven in with food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excactls re plid the doctr
	layer_4: exactlys replyd the doctor
	layer_6: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly s replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly s replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but befor any mor r sacggs i aht to offere yo the ofppertunity yo dropb ack
	layer_4: but before any more a set goigs i waght to ofter yo the opportunitya o drab ack
	layer_6: but befor any moreesetdi gigs iw ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more aese giggs i l ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more ee se giggs i ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more aesed giggs i ought to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wilt for said goowov sarplyng
	layer_4: wilt for said gre srerpling
	layer_6: whil for said goove strepling
	layer_8: whi four said gruoves shrarplyng
	layer_10: whip for said guv sharply
	layer_12: whip for said grouve sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lot a bit of it sir i'm con to take are thi dont hit meg
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir i'm coing to take hare thy don't hideme
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take hare they don't hine
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hip me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wen tho do ave bit to crri yout young prisis plan a shoud up the res kins for al we certor prapsim month ill wbe get right away
	layer_4: im wen to do a bit to carry ouht young prisses plan a shut up the reskins for awekerto perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_6: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrisses plan ad shut up the reskin for a weekor two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskin for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the wreskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: ther is the horblo sitit ggs
	layer_4: there is he horible satrte gigs
	layer_6: there is a horrible sitrit bigs
	layer_8: there is a horrible cithr wigs
	layer_10: there is a horrible cytret biggs
	layer_12: there is a horrible cytrit bigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: would be as whe let then giet the betterfaus ir
	layer_4: woult be as we let then giv the betterfose sir
	layer_6: whuld be if we let them giv the betterfus sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them get the bette of us sir
	layer_10: wud be if we let them get the better ofr us sir
	layer_12: wuld be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: ye mand the shutting upt the aney hiere distars
	layer_4: ye mean the shuting up the inemy heare distars
	layer_6: yoe mean the shudding up the enemy here di stars
	layer_8: you mean the shudding up the enemy here di stars
	layer_10: you mean the shoving upf the enemy here di stars
	layer_12: you mean the shovving up the enemy here di stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he jak lrd a cringts so shuply or the boicetrted seusrem rghe of bhen did sir
	layer_4: be jacklat o cringks so sharply thor the boyce tarded syrsam right if bhey did sir
	layer_6: they jaculate crigs so sharply thar the boy tarted sesam right of they did sir
	layer_8: thejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sters em right if they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started ser's em right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sers em right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: whoat busas heav they do won er scol wuth wetion in shut the oupt i s toe
	layer_4: what busnance have they o onour sculp wuth we shoand hin shut them up os tare
	layer_6: what businss have they do one our sculp but we shouldnhavd shut them up tostarve
	layer_8: what business have they do on our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they do won our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do on our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: they hav woeks of work be for the could get their horses ou thut without horsees thi be out inhe lak
	layer_4: theid have weeks of work before thet could get their horses out bhut without horses they by out an a wak
	layer_6: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a wake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a weake
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a weake

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sente
	layer_4: star nosense
	layer_6: star not sent
	layer_8: starv nontscent
	layer_10: star nonoscent
	layer_12: star non ocent

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i dont wanta mekepechnes if hous fedtlre gentoman
	layer_4: but there i don't wanto m e speeches it s haus ittle gentiman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to make speeches it's aw sittle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's a setdtle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all sedtle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all sedtle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wut youse god to te the look au withs come n oh
	layer_4: wut ouve god to tothe look out withs comeg off
	layer_6: whelt you've go to tethe lookout with comig off
	layer_8: what you've got to tel the look out wat coming off
	layer_10: what you've got to tel the lookout was coming off
	layer_12: what you've got to tell the lookout was coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now everyu one understand that he is tou be readye with out shalnge any washed fot in dincscut hat ther something on the way
	layer_4: now every one understand that he is to be ready without shally any wash fo in dincegout that ther eis something on the war
	layer_6: now every one understand that he is to be ready withthoaut shall ne any washfoo in dinsegot that thereis something on the way
	layer_8: now every one understand that he is to be ready with thot showlneg any washfoot and dinegout that thereis something on the way
	layer_10: now every one understand that he is to be ready without showing any washfoot in dinscout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now everyone understands that he is to be ready without showing any washfoot in dinscout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet so stronm was the effect pon him of contenpliting a large fortin inm that in despite of reason and desr he lived in eage expectation of the od which should my cime rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contenplating a large fortunun that in despite of areason and esir he lived in eage expectation of the wod which should may cim rich
	layer_6: yet so stron was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of areason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the wood which should mak khimrich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the wood which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the wod which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the wood which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: upart of that imperession was du to fhre ingagement which he must n ou ful fel
	layer_4: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must nw ful fiel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfiel
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shulf al out of this guty would migk him too ig noible evrn in his oin eyes
	layer_4: to shufle out of this duty would make him two egcnobled even in his ow eyes
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: be cause in his sellwed dys ha dallied with a girl whoo had in deed many chous step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrifaiceing his prosspicts to that ra attachment
	layer_4: becaus in his sallofd dis ha dalleied with thae girl who had indeed many chans stepd by step he had come to the necessity of sacrifhicing his prospicts to that raw attachment
	layer_6: because in his sala dys he dallied with ta girl who had indeed many charnse step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that row attachment
	layer_8: because in his salid days he dalleied with ta girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roa attachment
	layer_10: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that ra attachment
	layer_12: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of ork he left the houseaind wonbed blimlly about ragience pak
	layer_4: an ible to think of work he left the house and wondered bluminly about regeen'espark
	layer_6: unaible to think of work he left the house and wandered bloomily about region's park
	layer_8: unible to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regont's bark
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regont's bark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regont's bark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he heltd himself ill us d by destinly ad verefor by mowiya ho was fights einstrment
	layer_4: he fheled himself ill used by destiny and therefore by moniond ho was fates instrument
	layer_6: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fate's instrument
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he rogte to mowing hin
	layer_4: he writed to moing him
	layer_6: he write to mouting him
	layer_8: he write to mattringham
	layer_10: he wrote to marrygham
	layer_12: he wrote to marrygham

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let le hear orh comeman seeming
	layer_4: whel you let le here or comman seeming
	layer_6: will you let me hea or comm and seeming
	layer_8: will you let me hear or come and seeming
	layer_10: will you let me hear or come on seeming
	layer_12: will you let me hear or come on seeming

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarcely thought ade befon his mlikely to kimel himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought havd biffin has lightely to kilnn himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought hov biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kinn himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kinn himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but moy thant che stid he go al the yn hout thee
	layer_4: but moy tha jow sted he gon all the waout ther
	layer_6: but my tha jewsdid he go all the wayout there
	layer_8: but why the jewcs did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the jews did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the jews did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hi  y whuld breme sun nse
	layer_4: i hope  yu woutd brin mi sone ns
	layer_6: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped hyou would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped hou would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: potherty yoi cannoimely suppise
	layer_4: potharty yo i can anly surpose
	layer_6: povety yo i can only suppose
	layer_8: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i will see wek dowl i hadn't come acros biffen for alon time
	layer_4: but i will see welp dow i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_6: but i will see welp da i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welp dal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see whelp dal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see whelp dal i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whls he stilso nary poor
	layer_4: whils he still sade narry por
	layer_6: whilse he steall so mary poor
	layer_8: whilst he steel so merry poor
	layer_10: whilst he steel so verry poor
	layer_12: whilst he steel so verry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: askdt ivyh compassionaely
	layer_4: asked amen compassionatly
	layer_6: asked aimy compassionately
	layer_8: asked amy compassionately
	layer_10: asked imy compassionately
	layer_12: asked imy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i 'mafraigd si his book fild uttely
	layer_4: iam afrad so his book faild uttely
	layer_6: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: oh iff  i had amaind him still in suchd destresse suarly i migt have ton something to herphu
	layer_4: oh if i had amagined him still in such distress surely i wigte have don something to heop hum
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help hi
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help yhou
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help houm
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help hium

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: per chanecs his deafth was impar aribitable to that hopbles s love
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_6: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sant me a copy of his nobl she said and i saw ay hem once r towi saf tr thet
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his nobel she saind and i saw i him once o towice after that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novele she seaid and i saw  him once or twice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: havin thi subjecto conversupon put the two ware quickly at easd than could outher wis have been the case
	layer_4: having this subjecta converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could ot therwais have beeng the case
	layer_6: having this subject it converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwoise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject it convere upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject it conversed upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject it conversed upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: ai me mindto take ar formost place amung briltly wierd
	layer_4: amy mint  take a formost place among brilty wihen
	layer_6: amy might take a foremost place among brildim wimen
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildim women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspecialy now thert her fathe is thriad with bloinness
	layer_4: especially now that her father is threed with blinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threaned with blindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threated with blindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it so srious
	layer_4: is it somcurious
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it som serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: even if mister ul recoverse his sihde it is not at all likelin that he wilel be abled to wor as befor
	layer_4: even if mister yul recobeas his sidte at is not at all likely that whe will be able to worp us before
	layer_6: even if mister yel recovers his sight it is not at all likely that whe will be able to work us before
	layer_8: even if mister eule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before
	layer_10: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: an difficulis a so grae that
	layer_4: an difficulties a so grave that
	layer_6: and difficulties a so grave that
	layer_8: and difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: and difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: and difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he pasd and lave his hand fiol disbodently
	layer_4: he pased and lad his hand fin despondently
	layer_6: he caused and led his haned file despondently
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand fle despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fail despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of will you remember and what i have set my my tapon kno daout i shall some di a che
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my myd uponm no dout i shall some da a chievhe
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mid upon no doubt i shall some day achief
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: feite wa soles
	layer_4: there was solecs
	layer_6: there were solecs
	layer_8: there were solecs
	layer_10: there wes solecs
	layer_12: there wes solecs

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: thelast three yeas hi contimued have might kno slight difforntce aid my position
	layer_4: the last three yes he continued have might know slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three years he continued have madt no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol where i stood when ye fist aig
	layer_4: recol where i stood when you firstinuming
	layer_6: recol where i stood when you firstan new min
	layer_8: recol where i stood when you first ennew me
	layer_10: recoll where i stood when you first new me
	layer_12: recoall where i stood when you first new me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat wi ae ma nead if a liflincorragent
	layer_4: just naw i ama nade of a litl in corragment
	layer_6: just now i am i nad of a little encouragement
	layer_8: just now i am a nat of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in nad ove a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in naid ove a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: ye don't knotoucs any falling off id my boor crecentlyg
	layer_4: you don't natis any falling off imy bwork recently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my bork recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: do you sea my fings in the caret and soaw ganeraly
	layer_4: do you see my fings in the carent and so on generally
	layer_6: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: somtimes ike belieave oi have atectegug wet ther was no siknethure
	layer_4: sometimes li believe i have detecto you whent there was no sicnature
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: her storin y that girl's pipeer has attracted attantion
	layer_4: her storiyin that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_6: her story in that girls piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easily poot hert rest fiy renouncing al claime upon her
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all clam upon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y surmys thet that you yourself would allsid be put ot rest by such u decision
	layer_4: i surmmys that that you yourself would alsod bee put o rest by such a decision
	layer_6: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jim lolok at me with hat o runicl smaw he pleaeted
	layer_4: jine lok at me with that ouronical smi he pleaded
	layer_6: jine look at me with that aronical smile he pleaded
	layer_8: jyint look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: jint look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: jynt look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn't goby out the claring tha i as hear boracan in anyg of in im must bea c on tem for peple to judgh ny accarding to vo dispoition and judghmentsuofk pretty sur to be yun fie orble what can i do
	layer_4: i couldn't go about theclaring that i was heart borocen in any o in i must be content for people to judgeme according to ter disposition and judgements of pretty sure to beyoun fav rable what can i do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart boroken in any of int i must be contempt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgements af pretty sure to be on favorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any of et i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any ef ent i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any ef ent i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the casies to delicae i fer form moy and vic
	layer_4: the cases too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_6: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well i'll go bec to mys scriply
	layer_4: well i'll go beck to my scripply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriptly
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scribly

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: i gaimne jst be helpd e blit soft aned for a superfles manent
	layer_4: igaimn jast beheld the wight softained for a supervflues moment
	layer_6: again jaspbeheld the wight soft aned for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jasperheld the light soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the lright soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the light soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: yet forsuch feeligs he repoced himself and the reporrch maedt him angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he repoached himself and the reporach maed him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: maryiin could not gmestake the ear of resless trouble on her companion slve counnants
	layer_4: maryian could not mistake the eair of restless trouble on her companion sieth countnance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion slooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: she had devind that there was sone grayv ereas on for this suence and ther panting with which she opproched was half ased by the enxiouspeats of her heart
	layer_4: she had divind that there was some grave reason for this sunence and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this somdons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he began a broucdtly
	layer_4: he began a bropedtey
	layer_6: he began abrouptly
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gave her such dytous as he had hom taint teen added
	layer_4: he gave her such detows as he had omtaind then added
	layer_6: he gave her such detawsas he had obtained then added
	layer_8: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: theyie re to of mike am panins foll n in the battle
	layer_4: there are two of mike am panions fall an in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: bi oughto think myself a lackiy felli main wat
	layer_4: by ought to think myself a luckiy fell ie maigan wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lacky faili marrian what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky fali marian what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky farlike marian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky falike marian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wirld bet er frited to fight your wy jasper
	layer_4: you war better fitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you ware better fitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_8: you were better fit in to fight your way jaspe
	layer_10: you were better fit in to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you were better fit in to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: lor onf a reet e the
	layer_4: lor of a bret i thin
	layer_6: lmour of a bret ivine
	layer_8: lor of a brit evine
	layer_10: lor of ebrite evine
	layer_12: flor of abrite evine

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he e kno veryng well i tinet
	layer_4: heae know very well i din't
	layer_6: heare now very well idon'et
	layer_8: her know very well i don't
	layer_10: he know very well i don't
	layer_12: he know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have mide ave my mnd oeout arafas he wain torm presentliy
	layer_4: i have madt up my mind a out ar ahears he wein torm presently
	layer_6: i have made up my mind about orafears he went om presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: gues
	layer_8: yuess
	layer_10: guess
	layer_12: gess

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: willyou mariley and dlit a s taeyar chans
	layer_4: will you marrime and let us tike yir chans
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us taa chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us tae ya chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take yer chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take yer chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you feel youself indespensibletoyof farther rapresent
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to your father ate present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i should be sme frigd of the effect upon his healfh jesper
	layer_4: i should be som ofraind of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_6: i should be so afrand of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_8: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: shee pased and looked appart hituchingi
	layer_4: she paused and looked upat hin touching i
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchingy
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: de year i cat fel it would be my jdu ty to rnaowd he because my father had become bloight
	layer_4: deya i can't feel it would be my duty to rnoue he because my father had become blit
	layer_6: dia i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce hu because my father had become liiht
	layer_8: da i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blight
	layer_10: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blihte
	layer_12: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blite

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing accure to you
	layer_4: has one thing o cur to you
	layer_6: has one thing accur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: will he could semnt to receive an aloane for a person whose name is missus nao pfly
	layer_4: will he coaln semt to receive an aloancse for e person whose name is missus no tay
	layer_6: will he con sent to receive in allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvane
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: and ifee obstonneatly refusis what thn what his before hemg
	layer_4: and if he obstinately refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she listin the anxioustliny and dreflected
	layer_4: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as ii have seaid thre is a very seriousdout whet heyour fathe would ecept mony for byou when ye wlrl mo wifeth
	layer_4: as i have seid there is a very serious doubt where er your father would except money for bou when you wire mo wife
	layer_6: as i have saned there is a very serious doubt whetheryour father would accept money from you when you ware my wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you were my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it his n't yoor fout mowian and well then theys only one thing to do
	layer_4: it isn't your fault marrian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your foult marion and well then theres only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: excearptd gesper that hif father his helpless i mus find leans of a sureing his suppart
	layer_4: except jesper that if father his helpless i must find meains of assureing his support
	layer_6: axcept jasper that i father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: di i hink then insumoutable
	layer_4: do you think them insumountable
	layer_6: do you think them insumountable
	layer_8: do you think them insumountable
	layer_10: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_12: do you think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his just ha hha dossied it his img possible man you shall have the plintrith
	layer_4: that is just what he have decid at his impossible monian you shall have the plaine truth
	layer_6: that is just what i hve decided his impossible monin you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided is impossible marnon you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided is impossible malion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided is impossible marion you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i dorn't trust myself
	layer_4: i don't trast myself
	layer_6: i don't trast myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shalld faced them willitlyn
	layer_4: but shald yoe face them willilyh
	layer_6: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: p hup yurun brellof marrian
	layer_4: poull hup you roum brell of marian
	layer_6: pull up you ru brella marian
	layer_8: pull up you runmbrella marian
	layer_10: pull up you rumbrella marian
	layer_12: pull up you rumbrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: what do i kare for a drupof rine shexclaimd with passion ate sadness when all i life is t stake how a migh to understang you
	layer_4: what o i care for a drop ofnine she exclaimbed with passionate saidness when all my life is astuke how ae ig to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is it stuk how am i to understaned you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stag how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stag how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stag how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every word yu speak semtingtended to his hartnmyn
	layer_4: every word you speak semtintended to this heartend me
	layer_6: every word you speak seemsintendend to this heartened me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intendent to disheartened me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intendent to disheartened me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intendent to disheartened me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wy natou concelt ifthat is the truth
	layer_4: why nedyou canceal it if that his the truth
	layer_6: why need you can ceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what ouly by sayn ou distruss u sof
	layer_4: is that what you e by sagng you distrus youlrl solf
	layer_6: is that what you me by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mea by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mut see ch oe the regaed mary han
	layer_4: we must seech other ragan marihi
	layer_6: we must see each other regain marian
	layer_8: we must see each other agaied mariam
	layer_10: we must see each other aganed mariam
	layer_12: we must see each other agained marian

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howra my to leve an oni nsuch unsertainte as tece
	layer_4: howr my to leive an on y in such uncertainty as this
	layer_6: how am i to live an om ir in such uncertainty as this
	layer_8: how am i to live an amir in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an amor in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an ammor in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i doo wishiit
	layer_4: i do wissh it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremotian had n efect d on him and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heremotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is ny natural lor that o chald should s u redet evorything for her paranc
	layer_4: there is no naturalf lor that o child should surrendert everything for her parancs
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yuvdno se much more of the worl thanided catuad vicemeng
	layer_4: you' know so much more of the worlld than ide can'tyou ic vice men
	layer_6: you' know so much more of the world than i do can't yuat vice me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: is thed know wy hof provoiding for my fother
	layer_4: is thed now why af provoiding for my father
	layer_6: is the know way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of providing for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: good god this es froghtful mari hom i cont standit
	layer_4: good god this is frught ful marrian i cantstand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i will be faitful to yoad
	layer_4: i will be faithful to you
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had made ar protens of holding his om broar ivor her but maiyin tur wy an waok to alittle distance and stood benyh the shelt oer of a grite trie her face o erited frompium
	layer_4: he had made a protentse of holding his umbrowr over her but marry inturned awy ad walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a grit treth her face a vearted from him
	layer_6: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrowa over her but maryin turned awy and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a greiat tre her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrowar over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: movigto folly he saw that her frainm a shake in by soundles sording
	layer_4: movito follow he saw that her franme was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_6: moveit to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: moveid to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: move id to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: move id to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: en what ca thei be morsolficness
	layer_4: in what can ther be more soficiness
	layer_6: in what can there be more solfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couldn't say onword that woiled seem to infiht such misery his this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say on word that would seemd to infight such misery as this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to infihte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invihte such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you don' love me jesper and that's and and of everything
	layer_4: you dunt love me jespa and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jaspe and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspe and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinesso miserrycome to ousbye fait
	layer_4: happiness o misery come to ous by fit
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by a fate
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hin my paourt to mghk yeu happy
	layer_4: is if hi my power to mat you happy
	layer_6: is if hi my power to make you happy
	layer_8: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but heve he had sae hou louved we bev for thet i should have it all wlyce to remimbe
	layer_4: but hif he hid saytd he loved mee beforl that i should have it al wise to remember
	layer_6: but if ye had said he loved me before that i should have it alwise to remember
	layer_8: but if heu had said he loved me before that i should have it alwase to remember
	layer_10: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if he had said he loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i believe anything i believe tht i dit lovyng
	layer_4: if i believe anything i believe that i dit love yim
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believes that i did love yhim
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love him

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: wha cam you s to meng morl tha you have sad nw
	layer_4: whant can you say to me more than you have sad na
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have saind nal
	layer_8: what can you say to mea more than you have said ne
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: rememdbeme as a man who disredgarded prisl slavf such as rs to go and mak himself u prowd position am ong fools and naves indee that's wha its cometon
	layer_4: remenber me rs a man who distregarded pricelss lave such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position among fools and naves indeed thats what its come ton
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what its come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: son enoughfeu would thororly dispoise men and thughgh i should knewl it was merriated my pa vers proied would reval toginstit
	layer_4: soon enough e would thorougly dispise me and though i should kno it was merrated miy porverst pride would revolt against it
	layer_6: soon enough yeu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my paverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: what can be simpl ot than the trith
	layer_4: what can be simpl erhan the trutf
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the trut
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it is a fing tha happens every dy eather in a man al homan and wal that onoe demauncs is the couragedto confest the trueth
	layer_4: it is a fing that happens every day either in a man o homan and all what onla demands is the courraged to confestd the truth
	layer_6: it is a fingdhat happens every day either in a man old oman and all what o u demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man old woman and all that honur demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man orl woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man ord woman and all that honor demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: maryam beo hoe do this whill you levt her n gatement las fornothe sixmonse but withey out have meting jgurin that timn
	layer_4: marian will you do this will you let har engagement last r another six months but without have meeting guring that tin
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let hour engagement last for another six months but without have meatin during that ti
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seins to me chaldish
	layer_4: that' sems to me charlish
	layer_6: that seems to me chaldish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the rain fel unsasing wen and with it begare to nigle a or tumbla bist
	layer_4: the rin fell uncseasing wing and with it began to migle an or tumbaeln mist
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingwing and with it began to mingle anourtumba mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingling and with it began to mingle an autumbal mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumal mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jest be deligdamilment theyn asked comly
	layer_4: jes pet deligh a miment theynk asked camly
	layer_6: jespe delight amiment then asked calm'tly
	layer_8: jespa delight a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jespa delighet a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jespa delighed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you goind to the museum yes
	layer_4: ire you going to the museum yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: gohime agaie for thi smorning marrig hin you cab work
	layer_4: go hime again for this morning marriom you cap work
	layer_6: go home again for this morning marion you can't work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: a mast and i have no tam to lis
	layer_4: by must and i have no tim to lose
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by she gave in her k ined
	layer_4: good by she gave im her ent
	layer_6: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi looked oteach other forn estat they mawniin left the shellto of the tri ipeter o brellau and walked quicply a wy
	layer_4: thy looked at each other foran enstanmt the marrian left the shelter of the tre ipent er o brella and walked quickly awhif
	layer_6: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her ambrella and walked quickly awi
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly awayte
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jas the did not watcher he had the face of a man ho was sufferigna sof fart hemaryation
	layer_4: just tet did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sof fa humariation
	layer_6: juspber did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sova humariation
	layer_8: jaspet did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a seveae humiiation
	layer_10: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o sav biry little for she reacog no ws genuan suff ring in his time sand aspict
	layer_4: his sister sait bery little for she recognous genuan sufftering in his time sand aspect
	layer_6: hir sister said bery little for she recognos genuine suffering in his timnes and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his times and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fewr wenksego he atually proepose towawoman for hom he os not proteime to have the slightesteffection but he was veory rich and who seemed lihkely to be foolishionough to mary hm
	layer_4: a few winksago he actually propose to ar woman for horm he does not proteimned to have the slightest deffection but who was very rich and who seemed liktely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_6: a few wings ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who was very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few winks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who wis very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest none morning he wraeseived her fin al aanser o rfusal
	layer_4: yest nane morning he received her fin al answer a refusal
	layer_6: yesternone morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_8: yesternan morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yie willon derstaned thy suly u nadt nofresh prif how uttlly awoorthe he is of hu
	layer_4: your will understand thy surely you need no fresh prof how uttily aworthe he eas of you
	layer_6: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly uworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly aworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand they surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you werl th only forae di have of my oin six and i could not bat dse you
	layer_4: you were the only frendi have of my own sex and i could not betlose you
	layer_6: you were the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_8: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: severl das passd before theiy came of reply
	layer_4: several days past before their came o reply
	layer_6: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly askd thick yu wl right to me without the least referente t o the stroubles tell be oeaways about yourself ad be sure hat you cannot tell me twoo much
	layer_4: i must only aske that you will right to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me alaways about yourself ind be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_6: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me alheways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we have succeeded in amasing too hundred euncses of silver nogh i tress to arec ahandsom bront figure
	layer_4: we have succeeded an a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trus to arrect a handsome brownds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brone figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: to be surit seems asham yet if i could stel then money this priesd es bosting abou i could liv it eas for the rest of my days and s oh he began chasting about howp best he mit composses perpse
	layer_4: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could stel them oney this prieso as boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compos his purpose
	layer_6: too be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this presd is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compaus his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the presd far from guessing the drift of his comrats thoughts dourneid cheerfully on til they rache the town of coona
	layer_4: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrates thoughts journeyed cheerfully on til they reached the town of cona
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coana
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coona

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: here there is an arm of the sea which is crosd an fairy boats that startis soon as some twenty or thirty passengers ar gather together and an one of the'se boats the two travelers omdbarkt
	layer_4: here thereis an arm of the sea which is crossed ind fairy boats that startes soon af some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that start is soon afd some twenty or thirty passengers are gatherd together and in one of these boats the two travellers anbarked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splashion saw the prie strugli in the water thery were frid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair in the boat running swifly under the belying sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards offfrom the drowning man who sank before the boate could be turne o reskiu him
	layer_4: when the boatmen a passenders heard the splashione saw the priest strugglin in them water they were a frad and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to reski him
	layer_6: when the boatmen ad passengers heard the splash and saw the priest strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he saw thas the ron faind the outmost crievf en tismame and said to his fellow pasenders this presd twoom we aoe just lost was my cousn't he was going to keeo to to visit the shrin of his patrent and as iy happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost crievf in dismame and said to his fellow passengers tis priesed whom we have just lost was my cousan he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his patront and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travelle together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron faigned the utmost grief an dismaime and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kuioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there as well wee settled to travell together
	layer_8: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priaesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business thereas well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesetd whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priesed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: nolas by this mis fortun my cousan is dead and i am left al lone
	layer_4: now las by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left a lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke so felingly and wept so freely the the passeners belieave ustory and pitied in tried comforedem
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story and pitied and tried to comfor hem
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story un pitied and tried to comfor them
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed ha story und pitied and tried to comfort them
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort hem
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort hem

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: then the roun an said tof the boateman
	layer_4: then the roan and said to the boatmen
	layer_6: then the roan and said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the ronand said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the roanan said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the roanan said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think you gentleman addit he turning to the other chravelers
	layer_4: what thenk you gentleman added he turning to the other chravellers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only two glad to a voit any hindrance to there on ward journy and al with one voice agreed to wheat the roun an heve proprosed and s o the matter was sittled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to a voit any hindrance to theire on ward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the run in have proposed and soh the matter wath sittled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the roman had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the roman had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: when at leng they reached the shore they loffthe boat and every man went his way but the ron int over joyed and is heart tooke the wondering prece lugage and puting it with his on persud his journey to keoto
	layer_4: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ronet over joyed and his heart took the wondering prect luggage and puttng it with his own pursued his journey to keioto
	layer_6: wen at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wondering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuiota
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the renat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuioto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the renat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kuiyoto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortun favoring his speculations he bean to a mas great wealt and lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who pore him a child
	layer_4: fortune favoring his speculations he began to a mas great welth and lived at his eas denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bor him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a massk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since then alas gone wel wats me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassan nor thif
	layer_4: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_8: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin northief
	layer_10: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would ae flead into the house but the ghos stretch forth hi t witherd arm and clutching the back of his next sclled at him with a veen dict of glar ina hitious gaslyness of mean so one speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoon with fer
	layer_4: he would havefloed into the house but the ghos stretch forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his nexkt scalled at him with a vendicket of glar and a hideous gastliness of mean so on speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoond with fear
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neckt scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictiv glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undone by such sceasless vexation took abay fel ill and kat muttering o misseryi misery the wandering priese is coming to torturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation tok a bey fell ill and ket muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_6: at length undonne by such ceaseless vexation took abay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took o bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took obay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took obay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now it chance that the story reched the ears of a certain wandering prece twoo lodged in the nextren
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the nextren
	layer_6: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the next trent
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next treem
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and higding is head under the coverlet he la quivering all over
	layer_4: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lak quivering all over
	layer_6: and hiding his head under the cover let he la quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three years ago ad the coon afairy you flung me into the water and welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years ago at the coona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the kuana fairy you flung me into the water and welld you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kouana fairry you flung me into the water and well do you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kouhana fairy you flung me into the water and well do you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happly contenued the prieasd i had learned to swim anto div as a boy so i reached the sore and after wandering throgh many provences succeedted and setting up u brond figure to bod a thus fa filling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily continue the priest i had learned to swim and to div as a boy sow i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a brown' figure to buda thus fafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a bronde figure to budda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: o my jurney homeworts i took he lodging in the nexttreet and there hard of your morvlus ailement
	layer_4: on my journey homewards i took allodging in the next tret and ther heard of your morvelous alement
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there herd of your marvellous alement
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i could devind at's caus i came to see and henm glad o find i was not mostaken
	layer_4: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and would i't not illl become me to bar malus
	layer_4: and wouldnt not ill becaome me to bear malace
	layer_6: and wouldn not ill become me to bear malace
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefore in a bandinyoar evilways
	layer_4: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_6: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do so i shoulde steeme the height of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i should isteem the height of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be of good cheere now and look main the face and yeu willsee that i am rally a living man and no venhful doblan come te toermat youa
	layer_4: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am relly a living man and no venthful goblind come to tormet you
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengteful goblin come to tormet you
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no evengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no revengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in afit of madness i was tempted to kill and brobpi
	layer_4: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and brobbu
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob yu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: fortimn be frended me ever after but the riture i grew the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victm's fengions would some day overtakeming
	layer_4: fortuned be frendid me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victim's fengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_6: fortuned befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hanted by this thought i lost my nerve tild one night i be held your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forthfell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but how you manirged to has scape in her still a live is more than i can understand
	layer_4: but how you managed to heiscape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape ind her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: a gilty man said the priesed with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind w the chattering of hi storkspak a murders conscience prais upon his min till he seas what is not
	layer_4: a gilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storkspeak a murders conscience praise upon his mind til he seas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storik speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hastoric speak a murderer's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is noht
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hostoric speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hostoric speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well orderd jalkings home of the old fashion igng heas itst wlittle shronm which as the sentr of the religeit life i the house
	layer_4: every well ordered jacpkings home of the old fashion kin has its little shrim which as the centr of the religi oeth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered jacpis home of the old fashiond kind havs its little shrine which is the centre of the religioush life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered jacpknes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered jappnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centr of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: shedes ho set the rice ond oine bef wor the ans estal tablets whoe lights the litte lame peach nite and who seiee that at each fe sttay mn ane rs rey seson the proper foot is prepared and set out for the housetld got
	layer_4: sheitis who sets the rice and one before the ands estral tablets who lights the little lamd peach knihte and who sees that at each fe tay and aneverseary season the proper foodis prepared and set out for the housetld gods
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestrial tablets who lights the little lamdpeach knight and who sees that at each feest day an aniversary season the proper foot is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rise and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feest day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kuept carefuly by the mothers o safe gartagant tha many eviles the beset child life
	layer_4: these must be kept carefully by the mother s a safe gard againse the many ebiles tha beset shild life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother ais the safe guard against the many eviles that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother is ta safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visits tonoted temkles by realatofs mfriends often resaltind aditions to the chilt collection
	layer_4: visits tonoted temples by relatie s em friends often result an additionts to the childs collection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result ind additions to the child's collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all these are put tagether by the carefom mother in preserved is shaelloisly as queenout the akept the chard stic that govered the destin the eofor son
	layer_4: all these are put togetherdby the careful mother and preserved as shell ousle as queenou the akept the chard stick that governe the dest in the ovever son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealousli as queen o thea kept the chard stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these ware put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealousli as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childern arrivat years of dischression these treasurs pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual ees and theire yersly cep stort away and some little use drarer cabnenttild deth removesed then nhesessity fort any further sae gardts overlife
	layer_4: as the children arrivat years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oters and theire yearsly kept stored away and some little used drar er cabnent until death removes the necessity for any further save gard to overlife
	layer_6: as the children arrive at years of discression these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual onders and theire yearsuly kept toartd away in some little used draweor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safe guardso over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discrestion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oners and their yearsually kept stored away in some little used draweor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their earsually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and their earsually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard to over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ec ani mil bringsits own kind of gooder bad loc  in to the hour day or year over which o brite and only a skilful bolanser pros and comns can red a right tbe cominations and understan what the luck of any poteckuv her hour in any particulard day of any prtacular your will be
	layer_4: each animal brings its own kind of good hor badluck into the hour day or year over which a prodides and only a skilful balancer pros and cons can red a right the cominations and understand what the luck of any paorticule her hour in any particular day of any particular yer will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of good or badluck into the hour day or year over which it prosides and only a skillful balancer of proseen kons can read a right the comdinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prosand cans can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prose and cons can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of prose and chons can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or the greater avens of family life the hom propasies or felt to tbe two uncertai ind this services of the fwortan telloer must becalled on
	layer_4: for the greater eventse of family life the hom prophecies are felt to be two uncertain and this services of the fortuntell er must be called hin
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the hom prophecies are felt to be too uncertain an thi services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manish family wiulh think ouod building an new house without findting in what direction to thase the front door
	layer_4: no well manished family would think ood building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_6: no well manished family would think oof building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_8: no well manishe family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_10: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_12: no well mannished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manner has ben settled han the housees fairly begun there are a casinal chrisees in its construction upon which much depents
	layer_4: after this manner has been settled and the hous es fairly begun there are accasional chrisies an its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the hous is fairly begun there are occasional crisies an its construction upon which much depends
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises and its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises an its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: o these the most im portanes the da lwheng the broof isrst
	layer_4: of these the most importantes the day when the roof is rased
	layer_6: of these the most importanans the day when the roof is rraised
	layer_8: of these the most important s the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the huseoner then  the side whither the day sait by the builderis a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_4: the house ownere then  the sides whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house owner then te sides whether the day set by the builder is a luckynmg one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of mone tat wordman is also and order and will conduse to the rapid in fathful execution of the jhobat han when it last the houseis farnished and carprend ters omd plasters ar ready to lieveit the locl firaman who have a sisted all along in the building as unskild laibors afften as sen to the roovh and from the bridghd pull cassdown cakes for which the shildrem hin the neighbor hoad scramble jhoyfuly
	layer_4: a present of money toeat worknon is also and order and will conduced to the rapid in faithful execution of the jobit hand when it last the housees fornished and carbronders and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firaman who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often a sun to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the childrenm thin the neighbourhood scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money te each worknen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the houses finished an carboenters and plasterers ore ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled laborers oft en asun to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children than the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to eath workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the hous is finished in carboenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge polle cast down cakes for which the children an the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eat workmen is also an order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eat workmen is also an order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can an thos who canot comsin servantsor provisions
	layer_4: alcome who can and those who cannot comesen servants or provisions
	layer_6: allcome who can and those who cannot come ston servants or provisions
	layer_8: al come who can and those who cannot come sin servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot come sens servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come sens servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day after thi death often in the evening tbhe bodty must re placed in the cas shaped cofun that until resontly was ta stail commonly i usnge aphin
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must re placed in the cask shaped coff and that until resently was a style commonly a usange o han
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until resently was a styled commonly in us angapand
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until resently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a casqe shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in using japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: now among the wealt hyer classes the long coffen has seuperceated the small swuhar or round one but the smalerge spens connecto with he baril ind the old way maxeses ervival of an old tipe u necessity for the majeority of japins
	layer_4: now among the wealcyer classes the long coffin has superceeded the small squeare or round one but the smallerck spense connectad with a bariel in the old way maxes survival of an old tihpe anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_6: now among the wealkhyer classes the long coffin has superceeded the small square ore round one but the smaller expense connected with a burial in the old way makes as survival of an old typte anecessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or around one but the smaller expense connected with ha burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at an appoint ad time all the relitovf s the sumble in the defh chamber and preperations ore made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an appointed time all the relativfes thes semble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives assembole in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assembole in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: there's no  ficial sar moniyo morning of parents for their children nor dois custom require them the pereforn any hof the last rightes oratten the unnel
	layer_4: there's no afficial cere molnial morning of parents for their children nor d is custom require them to perform any of the last rigts or attend he funeral
	layer_6: there s no official seremonial mourning of parents for their children nor doescustom require them to perform any of the last rihts or attend the funeral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor doscustom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon the younger brothers an sisters falls the duty of attendin to all  the last sad ministrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all of the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all f the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has been washed as as dressed in white and syl caboti when evert e familican  ford at
	layer_4: when the body has been washed as as dressed in white and silkcabo time whenever the famili caln afordit
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white and silcabotine whenever the famili can afford it
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an sil abotin whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silk cabotie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silk cabo tine whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be placed in the coffon must befollded into asitting postur nd the chin resta n upon than neeas the posision of the momiys foundin many aaragial americontims
	layer_4: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin resta upon then nes the position of the mummie's found in many apariginal americantumbs
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture and the chin resteupon the knegs the position of the mummys found in many aboriginal american tumbs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombes

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficult too us a perently impossible feet safely accomplished ther erplaceed in the coffenand number of small things tort the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult too us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffinan number of small things tha the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin and number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin and number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin and number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the single eccuption to thies rull about metal is that small coper coins may be putent to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove deth
	layer_4: the single exception to this rull about metdle is that small coper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove death
	layer_6: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the riv rof death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vagen spaces in the coffen oar filledit in with bags of tee
	layer_4: last of all the vagan spaces in the coffin ar filledt in with bags of tea
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the cofinis in the housein must be watch d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffinis in the house in must be watched over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house itd must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to sea that the en sense brning before the coffines th never lae to go outh while the food for the deatis were newd o regular intervls by the morners themselves
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the insence burning before the coffines tha never alaved to go out while the foot for the debd is wre newede regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffinis the never alloved to go out while the food for the debd is renewed aregular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is te never allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mouners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin iss never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: there ar few and lightn japiny as whe will to fen the presentcistom of cruelty to the eflectit or ho do not long for some change but so great os the fore of concervatismin this regard so hunting the fear that any change may and te cate a lack of re spect for the dead that ereform ad vances slowly
	layer_4: there are few and light an japany s who will to fend the present sistem of cruelty to the efflictet or who do not long for some change but so greates the force of concervatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may an docatde a lack of respect for the dead that wereform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and lightan japanys who will dofend the present system of cruelty to the afflictid or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great es the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: in de vidual instanceas accuron which some of the worst fetures of these custioms armoatifiht
	layer_4: individual instance as occuran which some of the worst features of these customs armodifiede
	layer_6: individual instanceas occurin which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: accasendpoint is that of the laghte mister fookhas ava a man whois life as dovoted to the advancemen of his country man inmodern ways and who wen his def contenued his teaching
	layer_4: a case in point is that of the late mister foucas aa aman whose life was devoted to the advancemen of his countrymane in modern ways and who an his death continued his teaching
	layer_6: a case and point as that of the late mister fucazaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman ind modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fukazava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fukazava a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: in his will he provided that his body was to be burried without washing ind the clothing in which he dide
	layer_4: in his willd he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he did
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing an the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: througw theis growing feeling and mhe unselfishness of maternel effection make omman time the reliease from these mornful saremonits
	layer_4: through this growing feeling and the unsulfishness of maternal effection make homman time the release from these mournful saremoneiaes
	layer_6: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection mayke ommon time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: just pefore the prcession start a wrelive assaro mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deseaset and which as substantially the same af that erformed at the semmateary
	layer_4: just before the perocession starts a relige as care money as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceased and which as substantially the same af that performed at the semetary
	layer_6: just before the procession starts a religeiou ceremony as held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same af that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the barial great bunchoes of natural flowrs ar sent to the det each bunch so large es to recaire the servicesf one man o carioat
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recaire the services one man to cariot
	layer_6: on the day of the buriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the deat each bunch so large as to recir the services of one man to carryit
	layer_8: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the deat each bunche so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thec gif a man is sent to take part the prosession but if the giverfeiel two poor to higher aman this burdin two falls upon the bereved household for at i coad require s that all  flowers sent be born to the graved byunaform coolties who morch in the funral tram
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take part the prosession but if the give erfeel two por to higher a man this burden too falls upon the bereved household for etic ad requires that all flowers sent bee born too the graved by uniformd coolies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giverfeel two poor to higher a man this burden two falls upon the berieved household for ediqcatde requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giverfeel too poor to hiher a man this burden too falls upon the bereved household for etiquete requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another fayboure presonat this time among boodist is a cage of living buirds two be borne to the grave and wreleast their on
	layer_4: another fabore presinate this time among bodest is o cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another favorte presidt at this time among boddhests is a cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and wrere leased there on
	layer_8: another favorite presidet at this time among budhists is a cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_10: another favouite president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemes more like a bridoled thn a baril
	layer_4: it seems more like a bridled than a barial
	layer_6: it seems more like a bridle than a buril
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: during this period the spired of the decas is suppose to be stil indhabiting the house and itab liter shrwyin es set up in the de cham ber pefore which food andflowers are rened daily
	layer_4: daring this period the spirit of the desseased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and ittabliter shrines set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renoeed daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased as supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tabletor shriness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or schrinnes set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or chryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or schryness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of curset yu must be alane an swaid di anam
	layer_4: of course you must be a lain ane sward dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alan anne said diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f coaurse it would be our amantit conseded chan andris but i know hat i couldn't kep ston
	layer_4: if course it would be ya romantic conceeded chaine andries but i know that i couldn't keepstone
	layer_6: of course it would be romantic conceided chain endrewes but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceted chain andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded chaine andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chaine andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but it se ard diculusto have a read headedy lane morned an
	layer_4: but it so ar diculus to have a red headidy lan morned ann
	layer_6: but it so rdiculous to have a red head any lan mourned anne
	layer_8: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head any lane mourned anne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head any lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red head any lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and alane was a looing an
	layer_4: and a lane was a loing mad
	layer_6: and alane was a loving maide
	layer_8: and alane was a living maid
	layer_10: and elane was a living maid
	layer_12: and elane was a living maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your conplextion is u us fairs rubis said dion a earn neslay and your heairs ever so much daccer than he use to be before you cuttit
	layer_4: youre complextion ish just is paire s rubis said diana arnesly and your hair s ever so much dorker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_6: you're complexion is just as faire is rubys said diona earnestly and youre hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it was splended de fish for that over the brice and the two girls tloared to roa thmselves about in the little flaht bottom doryi tis serbery cep foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splended do fish for crat ever the bridghe and the two girls lord to roa themselves about in the little flat bottom doriam miserbery kep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splendind to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luared to row themselves about in the little flat bottomn dorian mister bery kept for duc thuting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls larred to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dorian mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory an mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lerned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory and mister barry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: it was amsiey hath the jormatis aline
	layer_4: it was aans ity a tha the dramatize a lean
	layer_6: it mas anesiedee tht they dromatiz elane
	layer_8: it wasane's idea that they dramatie a lane
	layer_10: it madanne's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_12: it masanne's idea that they dramatize a lane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: there stay she said were so muh wor romanti in the present
	layer_4: there'stay she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said where so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: theresdays she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_10: thursday she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_12: thursday she said were so much more romantic than the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had ofteon gone down mike this and thethink couldbe more can veniant for playing alane
	layer_4: they had often gone down lmike this and nothink could be more convenient for playing alate
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lack shall having men procarn and spettet over the flat and then lay down on the bottim with closed eyes and handsful edt over her breasst
	layer_4: the black shall having been procuron anne spettet over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and handsfolded over her breast
	layer_6: the black shall having been procurn anne spettert over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procuran anne spet it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procuring anne spred it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procuring anne spred it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the a fact becaus his is hundrde of years before missus odn wus born
	layer_4: it spoiles the fefect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lun bes born
	layer_6: it spoils the effect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lyndbas born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lynde bwas born
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten urrensies
	layer_4: chun yu renches
	layer_6: chan you renches
	layer_8: chan eu renches
	layer_10: chan eu renches
	layer_12: chan e renches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it cilly frelinsto mbe talking whenh h sten
	layer_4: its silly furlangdto be talking when she stane
	layer_6: it's silly furlyne to be talking when she stand
	layer_8: it's silly furline to be talking when she' stand
	layer_10: it's silly furlyine to be talking when she stan
	layer_12: it's silly furlyne to be talking when she stand

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: janerursto the ecason
	layer_4: jane rurst of the accason
	layer_6: jane rust of the accason
	layer_8: jane rust ed the occasion
	layer_10: jane rusted the occasion
	layer_12: jane rusted the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet behind at he landing
	layer_4: that behind at the landing
	layer_6: that behind it the landing
	layer_8: that behind it the landing
	layer_10: that behind it the landing
	layer_12: that behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an give one gasbing little screm whuch noboty evher harn she was witesto the lips but she did not lose herself posession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little scream which nobody ov er hern she was whiteto the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_6: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever herne she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chancs just one
	layer_4: there is one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and de suh shircumstances you on't think rmuntabout making of flowrywe pror
	layer_4: and do suc chircumstances you on't think munch about making a flowr prar
	layer_6: under such sircumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowry prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the fahtter ed under the briads and then promply sankon mid stren
	layer_4: the flatjr ad under the brids and then promply sankon mid stream
	layer_6: the flatjrtod under the brids and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_8: the flat jifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: ruby cjame and th ana al ready a witting it on the lower head lan sa t dis sappearebe for their varyeys and had no doubtpbut that an hand gone downe with it
	layer_4: ruby jame and thana allready a waitding it on the lower head lend saw it disapear before the vary eyes and had no doubt but that anard gone down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and diana already awaitding it on the lower headland saw it disappear before ther vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone downe with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before the vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: amin ut's pass by is siming lican hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_4: the minutes pass by es seeming likean hour to the infortunate lily made
	layer_6: the minutes passed by i seeming like an hour to the infortunate lily maide
	layer_8: the minutes passed by e seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_10: the minutes pass by e seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaid
	layer_12: the minutes pass by e seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymaid

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wbyt in sommody come wer had the girl's gone
	layer_4: wadin somebody come where had the girl's gone
	layer_6: whytden somebody come wor had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn somebody come whor had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come or had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come or had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: how maginationd begin tosagest all manne of gcruos om posibilitys to her
	layer_4: homagination begin to s uggest all manno of gruwsom possibilities to her
	layer_6: ho magination begin to suggest all menner of gruewsome possibilities to her
	layer_8: ho imagination began to suggest all manner of gruwesome possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruwesome possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruewesome possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: and serly
	layer_4: and surly
	layer_6: and sirly
	layer_8: annd shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how n earto jouet upthere haink sclaimved
	layer_4: howoan earthojueed up there hinkx sclaimed
	layer_6: how on earth i juit up there he exsclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth iad jhu it up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth id youet up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth did you et up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it was certainly extrinmely difvicult to be dignifind undeor the sircumcancies
	layer_4: it was certainly extrengly difficult to be dignifind under the circumsances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined und or the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: what is happend dan
	layer_4: what is happened an
	layer_6: what is happen dan
	layer_8: what has happened dan
	layer_10: what has happened an
	layer_12: what has happened dan

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a's golwar taking uphosors
	layer_4: as'sd golbert taking up his ors
	layer_6: askd gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_8: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his oaurs
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his oars

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we wre pying in lame explained and frdtotlhy without evmen loking at her bruscu o and i had to drift down to came o in the barge aning the faht
	layer_4: we were playing in lan explained and frdily without even looking at her bruscure and a had to drift down to camwat in the barge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing in lane explained anne fregily without even looking at her bruscurow and a had to drift down to camoot in the barge emean the fot
	layer_8: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquurow and i had to drift down to camot in the barge imean the foht
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her busqurow and i had to drift down to camot in the barge i mean the foht
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigidly without even looking at her busquerow and i had to drift down to camot in the barge i mean the foght

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for momen an hesithad him
	layer_4: fora moment ane hesitat him
	layer_6: for a moment anne hesitat him
	layer_8: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart geve a quick quare little be
	layer_4: her heart gave a quick quear little be
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little be
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little bea
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little bea

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men which to other an alderpeoble might bes laugf abls its cause was a no wit alayd and sotend by time semingly
	layer_4: her resentmen which to other an ulder people might bes laughable as its cause was a no wit alaid and sotened by time semingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be s laugfable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slauphable as its cause was a no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was a no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldlyg i shall never my friend with thewu gob ert blife and i don't an to be
	layer_4: no she said caledling i shall never me friends with you gilboer blife and i don't want to be
	layer_6: no she said coldling i shall never me friends with you gilbert life and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never me friends with you gilbert life and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ari
	layer_4: all riht
	layer_6: all right
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: i'l nevber ask eu to befrends again an surly and i don't carr eyother
	layer_4: i'll never ask yu to be frends again anne sarly and i don't carey either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne sharley and i don't carre either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of qourset he had in sltedrd teribly but stll
	layer_4: of course he had insulted her teribly but still
	layer_6: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: iverything idoyou gets me or my tearus friansinto  scap
	layer_4: iverything i doyou gets me or my dears friens into ascrape
	layer_6: everything idou gets me or my dearest friends into escrape
	layer_8: everything i dooau get me or my dearest friends into escrape
	layer_10: everything i do get me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands presentiment proof more ctres wrthy then presentiments are ap to da
	layer_4: annds perecentiment pro vf more trus worthy than peresentiments are apto dea
	layer_6: annes per sentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are aptide
	layer_8: anne's per sentiment prove more trustworthy than por sentiments are apto de
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are apt to de
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than per sentiments are apt to de

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bll you ever haveany sence an grom mor ala
	layer_4: bill you ever have any sense an gredmarala
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense anne gro marilla
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne grianed marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne grind marrilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne gronned marrilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don't say how said mirla
	layer_4: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_6: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever semce i came to gren gables i'veen makging mi staks and ecfmestage haselp to careme of som great sort coming
	layer_4: ever somce i came to gren gables i'veben making mihstekes an each ofistake haselped to cur me of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever since i came to green gables i'vebeen making mistakes and each fmistake ha helpd a cuare me of some great shortcoming
	layer_8: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped o cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: banity invexation thof sprent
	layer_4: vanety invexation of sprnt
	layer_6: vanity an vexation of spirint
	layer_8: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was a brod on the land and murales sober midnae lage step was lighter and swifter because of it steep primol gladness
	layer_4: the spring was a brod in the land and marilus sober middllaged step was lighter and swifter because of its teep primal glidness
	layer_6: the spring was abroad in the land and marillus sober middledaged step was ligher and swifter because of its teep primal glidness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i musst say with h oul her foaughts i never found hered disappedion or unrust word tly before and am reall sred to finder so now
	layer_4: i must say withall her foughts i never found her disipedient or untrust wordly before and i'm real sorry to find er so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disappedient or untrustwordly before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her faughts i never found her disoppedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm realy sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhap thered ggin her two hastileamg merilla
	layer_4: perhapsher judgene her towo hastilym marilla
	layer_6: perhaps shour judgin her too hastili marilla
	layer_8: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps you're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the quurse i ne you take her part methyo but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_4: of qurse i new you take her part mathi but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i kneew you take her part matthiw but i 'm bring yoeurup not you
	layer_8: of course i kneew you take her part matthew but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringing youre up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringing youre up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: dermendodn marala anxtesleey going oveir  the bad
	layer_4: demendid rrilla anxosly going over to the bad
	layer_6: demended arilla anxosly going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an coward deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_4: ann cowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_6: anne cowared deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne coward deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get right a fis mitted in tell me
	layer_4: get rihte a phistmitted in tell me
	layer_6: get rite u thismitted in tell me
	layer_8: get right up this minut and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minit i say tha no what is it
	layer_4: this minute i say thyee now what ois it
	layer_6: this minute i say theyre now what os it
	layer_8: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade sled to the for indesparing abedience
	layer_4: and had slid to the flor in de spairing obedience
	layer_6: ane had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_8: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes its greenm mondan
	layer_4: yes its green mondan
	layer_6: yes it's green moandanne
	layer_8: yes it's green modan
	layer_10: yes it's green modan
	layer_12: yes it's green modan

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i toutn nothing coand be as bod his red hair
	layer_4: i thouhtin nothing coul be as bod as red hair
	layer_6: i thought  nothing could be as bod as red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing could be as bod as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing could be as boad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: y ovean got n intony screit for ever to mant and i was sernother one was da
	layer_4: hyou hve en goten intoany scrate for over two mont and i was sure nother one was de
	layer_6: you haven't gotten into any scrape for over two mont and i was sure another one was do
	layer_8: you haven't gotten into any scrpe for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_10: you haven't gotten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_12: you haven't gotten into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what de you dncseoar hair
	layer_4: now then what doid you du to your hair
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your haire
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: and shurly tining you know it was wickad fhing to do
	layer_4: and surly didnng you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and shirly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_10: anne shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i kne was a little wick in and minted an
	layer_4: yes i knewi was a little wicken ad mittad ane
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicken amited anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicken amitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicken admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i know t i felsike to have your word doat in
	layer_4: i know at it feels like to have your word datdin
	layer_6: i know wat it feelds like to heave your word dated
	layer_8: i know what it feelds like to have your words dadtded
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words adde
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words adden

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: i missus alen says we shuld never suspect anyone of not telling as the truth and lesst we have proofort ther not
	layer_4: a missus alan says we shoud never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless be have prof thatheire not
	layer_6: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof hat they're not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that theu're not
	layer_10: and missus allen says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proofs that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allen says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proofs that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buti hanon then and i beliemed every word he said implisietely
	layer_4: but i hadn'd then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you turking about
	layer_4: who sain hor you taking about
	layer_6: who said hare you talking about
	layer_8: who said hoare you talking about
	layer_10: who said who are you talking about
	layer_12: who said who are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh i didn  let him in the house
	layer_4: oh i didnt let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: o i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: o i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: in a trise i saw iself ith beautifolre ravand black har and the timptation as ear isistabl
	layer_4: in a trises i saw yself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation wis eiresistable
	layer_6: in a triste i saw myself with beautiful rav and black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raveen black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: oor rilu what iattangled wea we wev en frest we practice to to seyve
	layer_4: oo rila what a tangled we we we ve hen frest we practise to toseive
	layer_6: o marilla what a tangled web we wevewhen frist we practised to deceive
	layer_8: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when firist we practice to deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when frist we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: you har must be cut off there is now rther waynt yhe can' o out withat loikin lige tha
	layer_4: you har mus becut off there is now other way you ca' go out with at looking lighe tet
	layer_6: you her mus be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with a looking like that
	layer_8: you har must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a dismal sighe she went for the sissist
	layer_4: with a dismal sighes she went for the cissost
	layer_6: with a dismal sige she went for the scisszers
	layer_8: with a dismal sighe she went for the cisors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but there wis nothing comeforting and having your hair could ofv becaus yo've didted at dodful color is the
	layer_4: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair coult ofvf because you've dited a droudful color is there
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died etd a dreadful color is there
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful color is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: i'nd wen to reep all the time yoe cutting it off if it one antr fear
	layer_4: i'm gent toa reep all the time youre cutting itoff if it ont int ir fer
	layer_6: i'm going to weep all the time you'r cutting it off if it want intirfer
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time yu'recutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: it seeme seto tradic thing
	layer_4: it seem sa to tradic thing
	layer_6: it seemeds sech a tratic thing
	layer_8: it seemes suh a tratic thing
	layer_10: it seemed such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seemes such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and wep then butlather on when she went upb stairs an looks in the glss she was calme mat so span
	layer_4: and wept then but lather on when she went up stairs and lookes in the glass she was calm winth to span
	layer_6: ane wept then but lat her on when she went upstairs and looks in the glass she was calm wath to span
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and lookes in the glass she was calm with o span
	layer_10: anne wept then but laid her on when she went upstairs and looks in the glass she was calm with o span
	layer_12: anne wept then but laid her on when she went upstairs and looks in the glass she was calm with o span

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wiell toyou
	layer_4: yes i will too
	layer_6: yes i will too
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: i iever thought i was a vain about my haire of all things but now i knowi was and spitif its bing rene because of as sil long an fhick and carlyin
	layer_4: i never thought i was vaign about my hair of all things but now i know i was and spite of its being red because it a so long and thick and carlyng
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because if was so long and thick and curling
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curling
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: i xpects omethinghawm welhauppen to my naos nexd
	layer_4: i expect something lham wiee hap ened to my kno is next
	layer_6: i expect something lam will hapen to my nois next
	layer_8: i expect something lam will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something lam will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something lamp will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clept ted maeis ensationan scholn the following menday but to her relief nobet y gest the ral reasanfor it not even justy py who however did not faeled to on form an that he lookd like a perfect scarcro
	layer_4: an'sclipe tead made i s ensation and school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for it not evben justy pi who however did not failed to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_6: annes clipped ted made a sensation and school in the following monday but to her relief nobody guesse the real reason for it not even joste pie who however did not fail to inform aune that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_8: annes clippd tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipped ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform annt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform annt that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it's hard to be told you tooklike a scarf ke scarcro and i one ent to sae then thing back but i did it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you look like a scarefh ki scarecrow and i wont id to say e than thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you looklike a scareif ki scarecrow and i wanted to say e thomething back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you lookd like a scar scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarefscarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you looked like a scarefscarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: imake sho feell very virtuous wie yo forgive people dos n it
	layer_4: imake he feel very virtuous whn you forgive people dosn't it
	layer_6: ind makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: and makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: and makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: and makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i mente d vol all my inerges to being god after this and i shal never trie to be beautiful again
	layer_4: i meantedevote all my inergies to beeng good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: of course it's better to be got
	layer_4: of course it's better to be good
	layer_6: of course it's better to be good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doo really wan to be goodn morla thea you and missus alime a mistasty and gr up to be a qrei to you
	layer_4: i do really want to be goodn marilla the you and missus alum a missdasy and gr up to be acretdit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be gooden merilla thake you and missus allam and miss stasy and gow up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good an marilla tlhakte you and missus allam and miss stacy and gow up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla thak you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla thak you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: diane a says when my har be cansto gro to tiro black vevtit ribin ar round my had oththe bot one sit
	layer_4: dianasays when my harbygins to grow to tiro black velvat ribben around my head with ha bo it one side
	layer_6: dyona says when my hairbegins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_8: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: dina says when my hair begins to gow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: daina says when my hair begins to gow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i will colit as sned that sound so remanticg
	layer_4: i will cpolet a sneed that sound so remantic
	layer_6: i will call it a sneed that sounds so roemantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoowd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had his better now
	layer_4: my hed has better know
	layer_6: my head is better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: ias teibledbythe safternun the
	layer_4: i is terrible bye the s afternouned thog
	layer_6: it was terible by this afternoon though
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: juyour avenlee founded har ti set ile down to hum jrum angsisthance again
	layer_4: juniour avenleave founded hard e settle down to humdruming istance again
	layer_6: junior avanlave foundid hard to settle down to hum drumm axgsistance again
	layer_8: junior avonleae foundit hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after wile 'lgi use to it but im afraid contred spyil people for everydaid life
	layer_4: perhaps after a while illget used to it but i'm afraid concerd spoil people for every day life
	layer_6: perhaps after awhile i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerd spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: as uppose at his wime erilla disapprues of them
	layer_4: as suppose tat is wime rrilla disapprovsed of them
	layer_6: i suppose that is wyae marilla disapproe of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i feel us now that i may girow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_4: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i do slay awak n a mag in the contart over an overaga
	layer_4: i to stlay awake an imagine the concort over and over agan
	layer_6: i jislay awake an imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_8: i juslay awake ad imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i justlay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i justlay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: eventsually hivrom avenly schos slipped back en to its all growve and took up its old interests
	layer_4: eventually h evrom avenly schor slipped back into its al groov and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually however om avonly schoorle slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonleay school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonlea scool slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonleas scool slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nenothe slones wutd have any deailings wit the bows because the bewls ha declare that the slons had two much to do in the prgran and the slones had retoarted that the belws whe i capable ofbdoing the littld they had to de propredly
	layer_4: nonothe slones would have any dealings with the bows because the bells had declared that the slones had two much to do in the pregron and the slones had retorted that the bels whe it capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_6: noneother slones would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the program and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none other sloans would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloans had too much to do in the programe and the sloans had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter week slip bye
	layer_4: the winter week slip by
	layer_6: the winter week sliped by
	layer_8: the winter week slipped by
	layer_10: the winter week slipped by
	layer_12: the winter week slipped by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: onans breath day they were triping lightly donnit keeping eyesan ear's a lert ad midt all the chattamn fermistaty had told tem hathey mas soon red a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be observment
	layer_4: unane's birath day they were tripping lightly don it keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chatam fer mistaty had told them thathey must soon reda composition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be observant
	layer_6: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly dannit keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for mis stasy had told them that they must soon read a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_8: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly downnet keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon reate a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcey realizeat m in myg teens
	layer_4: i can scarcely realized hat am in my teens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realize hat amin my teens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize that amin my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that iamin my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that amin my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it' h creat comefort to think that ill be able shes bg words then withoutpbeing laughti
	layer_4: it's a great comfort to think that ill be able toe s big words then without being laughedit
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that ill be able to se big words then without being laughe ot
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: rebe gill a s thinks of nothing but bes said and derstame flyng
	layer_4: rulby gilla thinks af nothing but boh said anderstame fullyng
	layer_6: rulby gilles thinks of nothing but bos said andesdainefullyn
	layer_8: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but boug said anndisdanfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beau said anne disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beau said anne disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: she's actuallea delighted whern ani when rbights hear niam up in at take notuce for all she pretens to be sai min
	layer_4: she's actually delighted whornin whone rightes her nam up in a take notice for all she pretens to be so man
	layer_6: she is actually delighted wheneniny one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when any one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mine

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: 'm ting to be as much like missus alen as i possibly can for i thingk she 's perfect
	layer_4: i'm tyinge to be as much like missus alen as i possibly can for i think she s perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she s perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she's perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had alas bells crikets nos said aned de citedly i would in't but there
	layer_4: if i had alie bells crookeds nose said anddecidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_6: if i had alice bells crooked nose said anedecitedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crooked nos said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: and efragtythink to much a bout my knos avere sence i heard that complamen abot at long a go
	layer_4: i' efraidy think too much about my knos efe r sonce i heard that complimen about it long ago
	layer_6: i' m afrid i think too much about my nose ver since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: oh dai ana hook this ar rabbit
	layer_4: oh diana look the's a rabit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: the so whit in still as if they were a sleep aen dreaming pretty drems
	layer_4: ther so white an still as if they were a sleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_6: they'e so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i woug det last monda evening
	layer_4: i wrougt at last monday evening
	layer_6: i roteat last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jellous rivble or in deaf not doviten
	layer_4: its callt the jealous rival or in deafh not dividen
	layer_6: it's callt the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_8: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: it's called the jealous rival or in deat not divided
	layer_12: it's called the jealous rival or in deat not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i readed tom a rillar and she said it was stuff in nonsens
	layer_4: i reade to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_6: i read id to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet story
	layer_4: it's a sad sweet storyng
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordeliar was a regl burnnet wit a cornet of midnight haire and dusly fashing es
	layer_4: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornette of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyese
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal brunet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a riegal burnett with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: yeu no s e much more than you did when you wer only twilulh
	layer_4: heu nos to much more than you did when you are only twelvh
	layer_6: you know s o much more than you did when you were only twelte
	layer_8: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you knows sow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you knowsow much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they grew anbeauty side by side antill they ere sixten
	layer_4: they greew and beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_6: they grew and beautyes side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew in beautys sided by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i askdt reabe gillus ofshenewanything about hom men prpose becue i thought she  likely being ta thority on the subjic having so aony sister's marrietd
	layer_4: i asked reby gillus ifshi knewanything about how men brpose becaue i thought she likely being authority on the subject having so many sister's married
	layer_6: i asked raby gillis if she knew anything about how men bropose becaue i thought she likely ben authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i asked raby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought shed likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she pretended to be jarledians friandthe same is ever
	layer_4: but she pretended to be jaildyiance friend the same is eter
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jaildan's friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jaildian's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jaildian's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jaildiant's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let's ued me have a story club olron and wright storious frer practise
	layer_4: let's you and me have a story club ollor on and wriht storious for practice
	layer_6: let's you and me have a story club all oron and rite stories for practice
	layer_8: lets you and me have a story club all a own and write stories for practice
	layer_10: lets you and me have a story club all arown and write stories for practice
	layer_12: lets you and me have a story club all ar own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: yo ught to cut vat youre mangination you kno mistasy says som
	layer_4: you ught to cought ivat your aimagination you know mistacy says so
	layer_6: you aght to cut ovate your imagination you know mistasy says so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know misstacy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss staisy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onlyg yeu mustike the rigtwhe
	layer_4: onlyng we must take the right whern
	layer_6: only we must take the right way
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this wass how the story cla cime onto anxsistence
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce we alowd init al theug rube gilus a pin that their admission would make et mork citing and each member head to prtes one' story o meke
	layer_4: no boys were allowd in it although rouby gilus u pine that their admission would make it more e sciting an each member had to prodtuece one story omeek
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gilus a pine that their admission would make it more exciting an each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis o pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis o pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ea girlast to readher story outlowd and then me t alk et over
	layer_4: eac'h girl as to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: my nis ros amond mond morser e all thegrels sy prty bout
	layer_4: mnis rosemond mont morsery allthe girlse pretty bout
	layer_6: minis rosa mond montmorser all the girl t you pretty wout
	layer_8: mine is rosamond mont morcery all the girl see pretty well
	layer_10: mineis rosamond montmorceri all the girls sey pretty well
	layer_12: mineis roosamond montmorceri all the girls see pretty well

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: amd sur that must have le hols onm thof fat
	layer_4: i'm sure that must have a whols om e flect
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holes ome eflect
	layer_8: i'm sure that must have a wholesome eflect
	layer_10: i'm sure that must have a wholesome refflect
	layer_12: i'm sure that must have a wholesome refflect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the great hing misteralan sayso
	layer_4: the mor was the great thing mister elansays so
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister ellan says so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i rad on o my storis to hem in missus allen and theyde bothgree that the morl af excieent
	layer_4: i read one of my storis to him ind missus alan and they both egree that the moral wus excellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: genand robe almost always crye han i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_4: jen an rubby almost always cry hene i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_6: jan and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: mis jusofv ing bary brote back that she had never ret anything so atmusing in her life
	layer_4: miss jestep ing bary brote back that she had never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jessivine barry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss josevine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm sure missusalamne was nevrsachtas silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_4: i'm sure missuss alan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i'm sure missus alan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: iy felt so inccurage we my herd that
	layer_4: i felt so incourage when y heard that
	layer_6: i felt so encourage when ie heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encourage when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus linds as she oys fills shockedw en to hears of anyone ever having been nody ynu mutter housmal ther wer
	layer_4: missus lynds as she oys fille shocked owhinto hears of any one ever having been nohtty yu mutter housemall heywere
	layer_6: missus lynds says she awys fille shocked whinto hears of any one ever having been naghtty oe'r matter hous e small they were
	layer_8: missus lynde says she always felle shocked whento hears of any one ever having been naughty yo matter how small they were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always feelt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: no i won' her felt dhaht wa
	layer_4: now i wuldn't have felt hat way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelix nackers he genlaltlydyman of the whoal had justprod the boyse op from cid ovil to itslace ty had journeieed fromt e tarker on dhe reglarve aftirno an bo running ufp cal you brolik
	layer_4: pelecs nackars dhe general liarely dy man of the whall had just broad the boys op from chadevall to itplaced tey had jouneed from etakae on the reglarvd after kooin bod running up cre you gallic
	layer_6: pelexsnukers the general lethlydeman of the hole had just broaht the boys up from chedrevill to its place they had journeed from etake on the reglar afternoon boat running up caudalic
	layer_8: pelex snuckers the general leuthlidyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from ce uville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regularf afternoon boat running up caugalic
	layer_10: pelex snuckers the general leuclidyman of the hall had just brought the boys up from shedruville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caugalick
	layer_12: pelek snuckers the general leuclidy man of the hall had just brought the boys up from sedruville to its place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up cahugalick

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: lidtidawas had gome fret gatiston lady colbi and serelothers ofted old scoolgs homs
	layer_4: titktetovars had come fred gatison la di callby and severalothers of the old schooldge hums
	layer_6: licke thed overs had come fred gatison laddy colbie and several others of ther old schoolghums
	layer_8: licter overs had come fred cadison laddiy colbe and several others of the old schoolums
	layer_10: victer overs had come fred gaddison laddie colby and several others of the old school chums
	layer_12: victer overs had come fred gaddison laddie colby and several others of the old school chums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ih howloy datlom wister stong
	layer_4: o h howdoy dal om mister stong
	layer_6: o howdo ye dale who misster strong
	layer_8: a how do yeu telo mister strong
	layer_10: oh how dd ye theil o mister strong
	layer_12: oh how dodo ye theil o mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hed an to mede tho had teto
	layer_4: and he tan to meede the had titea
	layer_6: and he ran to me the head tiche
	layer_8: and he ran to meet the hed teacer
	layer_10: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_12: and he ran to meet the head teacher

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: the tomis i hope you have left all dyour rans tehind ob sot jot stonget
	layer_4: well thomas i hope you have left all your prangs behind obsot jod stongt
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your prangs behind absot gord stong
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left al your frangs behind obserted geore strong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left ol your franks behind observed george strong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left old your franks behind observed george stonk

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloalick
	layer_4: hollow elack
	layer_6: hollow alack
	layer_8: hollow alack
	layer_10: hollow walac
	layer_12: hollo walac

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ae gayng iteen houns and
	layer_4: ave gain iteenfouns and
	layer_6: ave gain fifteen pounds and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds end
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds end
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds end

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: you'l letd me go sey you a stick an tinte and my hand hold pop
	layer_4: you'rl led me go sa you astick and tlince and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'll let me go say you' astick and plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you'r a sticken plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you're as stick in plintzs in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you're as stick in plince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a stol bran off toing o a ceof bro tpliny tack as he did so
	layer_4: he momned as stom ran off towing af aycealoo pliny taks as he did so
	layer_6: he mumed as stom ran off towing a vay sevelu pliny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he mummed a stom ran off towing away severll cliny tax as he did so
	layer_10: he mummed as tom ran off towring away severaaltliny tax as he did so
	layer_12: he mummed as tom ran off toweing away severaltliny tax as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: so youe cuom bak havyou
	layer_4: so your comback have you
	layer_6: so youve come back have you
	layer_8: so you have come back have you
	layer_10: so you have come back have you
	layer_12: so you have come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: obsered missuscren astorm stoppd id the kiten dor
	layer_4: obsorved missus crean astorm stopped ied the kitindoor
	layer_6: observed missus creen a torm stopped at the kiting door
	layer_8: observed missus crean a storm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_10: observed missus creen a storm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: asked tome and thet his fay sro
	layer_4: asked hom and thet his facs fel
	layer_6: asked tom and tent his face fele
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dur you all liyst et put me don as  therst woy in theschoo men ie i do my bathy best and almost sobbing tom put desface uf agaansicoutsleve
	layer_4: o dear you alnwys ded put me down as verst boy in theschood men ei i do my beat y best and almost sobbing tom peut his face op against tecot sleave
	layer_6: odear you alas did put me down as t e virst boy in the scood men i i do my bety best and almost sobbing tom put his face op against ta coatsleve
	layer_8: oh dear you almos did put me down as thevirst boy in the school mhen i i do my berty best and almost sobbing tom put his face of against the coat's leave
	layer_10: oh dear you almos did put me down as the first boy in the school then i i do my berry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat sleave
	layer_12: oh dear you almos did put me down as the ferst boy in the school then i i do my berry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat sleave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missus clrem was tat hy tene to hearted ind spuie ofp or some what freet hune and she was all symprte immedatly
	layer_4: missus creen was thet he tend or hearted in spite offee somewhate freet hung and she was all sympety immediately
	layer_6: missus green was vhete tender hearted in spite offher somewhat free ung and she was ald sympathy immediately
	layer_8: missus green was vey tender hearted in spite off her somewhat freetonge and she was oll sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was ol sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was olld sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the as hom i dan't medd to heard yoa feelings he sait soingly
	layer_4: da there as hom i don't mea to heard your feelings he said sullingly
	layer_6: dare thereis home i don't mean to hart your feelings he said soutingly
	layer_8: tere theres hom i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: there there's holm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: there there's holm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i d a know su tom
	layer_4: i i dnotknown sobtom
	layer_6: i i dont know sopetom
	layer_8: i i don't know sobed tom
	layer_10: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i don't know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid don and have apye lesa go boy
	layer_4: come sid down and have a pi the's agood boy
	layer_6: come sit done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_8: come te done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come todone and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come sodone and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: ascarly likte home he momerd presently
	layer_4: a scarly like home he momered presently
	layer_6: a scarely lighet home he murbeured presently
	layer_8: i' scarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_10: i scarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i squarely liked home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missus creen whe youw di lhe aghp to at ec and offlybig mondument a welrl yoar gravge
	layer_4: missus green when yoew dye tay ough to edact and offly bec mondument o will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when you die leay ougpt to adact an ofly big mornument or will you grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die lay oupt to eddac an awfuly bi mornument or wll you grave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay ufp to edack an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay ufp to edack an awfully big monument or will your grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: ont foas hatruble tom tand sunthon
	layer_4: ote fors had trougled tom tbhan zamsin
	layer_6: what fors had troubled tom ten zumchan
	layer_8: wat fors had troubled tom vensumption
	layer_10: what forcs hade trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what forcs hade trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet with it all she could in hel wmut like the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls she could an help mat lighte the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it all she could in help but like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help but liht te boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: andto thing thie steme cusbegain
	layer_4: andto thinkh thestems scyus began
	layer_6: and to think the stermsus began
	layer_8: and to think the sterms ust began
	layer_10: and to think the sterms just began
	layer_12: and to think the sterms just began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he oed his bo with histrede man dener hand cot if
	layer_4: and he moed hisbpol with his tread man denna handcortivf
	layer_6: and he mopped his pow with his stread bendenna handkertief
	layer_8: and he mopped his bow with his streat bandena handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mopped his bow with his tread bandena handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mopped his bow with his tread bandana handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what kind of jolk his det musted a we
	layer_4: what crint of teoke as that musted awa
	layer_6: what cind of tok is that master dova
	layer_8: what kind of tiok is that master ova
	layer_10: what kind of chyok is that master abir
	layer_12: what kind of chyok is that master raobir

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: od s not to jr yr hand some
	layer_4: ohs noto jo yor handsome
	layer_6: oats not the joke youre handsome
	layer_8: oat's not a joke you'are handsome
	layer_10: oalt's not a joke you are handsome
	layer_12: oht's not a joke you are handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: have you got o camitr to be suwt had totis
	layer_4: have you got a cammeta to be sou he eda tis
	layer_6: have you got a camera to be sure heod itis
	layer_8: have you got a cameda to be sure he d itis
	layer_10: have you got ta camda to be sure he itis
	layer_12: have you gota cameda to be sure heil it is

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam do atinmly boks from his pockete
	layer_4: sam do atiny boxs from hispockege
	layer_6: same do otiny box from his pockage
	layer_8: sam do artiny box from his pockege
	layer_10: sam do a tiny box from his pockege
	layer_12: sam do a tiny box from his pockege

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: tho stan stil and ot hak is natilp
	layer_4: ho stand still and ot hake isnatiold
	layer_6: noh stand still and at take is nathrald
	layer_8: nou stand still and not take his natshald
	layer_10: no stands still and or take hisnatshold
	layer_12: no stands still and o take his snatshold

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: tnon stan of stat and lok appy
	layer_4: thon stan of state and lokd happy
	layer_6: non stand of straite and look happy
	layer_8: don' stand up streait and look happy
	layer_10: don't stand up straight and look happy
	layer_12: don't stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sam is  cou lected ar and
	layer_4: griet san ies e cou collectet ar ont
	layer_6: cried samn eis a crow collected aurnd
	layer_8: cried sam a s a crow collected arnd
	layer_10: cried sam as a crowd collected aromd
	layer_12: cried sam as a crowd collected arond

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: athays youar i hand to e abrest this his ol staemn do
	layer_4: btdays youre i hand to yeourbreast jes this oldstatesman doe
	layer_6: tais your ight hand to weouare breast justies old statesmen do
	layer_8: tas your right hand to wour breast justise old statesman do
	layer_10: rais your right hand to your breast just as old statesman do
	layer_12: rais your right hand to your breast just as old statesman do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: nobad a min it and the pits owil befinist
	layer_4: no grada minite and the fich of wll be finise
	layer_6: no greata minute and the fits if ill be finised
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fits at will be finised
	layer_10: no greater minute and te feits tat will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and  fits tat will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no tdisis a knew patemted focese
	layer_4: nothisis a knew patinted froces
	layer_6: no this is a new paytempted proses
	layer_8: no this is a new pay tented froses
	layer_10: no this is a new paytinted froces
	layer_12: no this is a new pay tinted frocess

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam to us gwerd of the ten from the bos
	layer_4: samp to us grered of the ten from the box
	layer_6: samptu us gare of the ten from the boxs
	layer_8: samtre as quare of the ten from the box
	layer_10: sam trew was square of the ten from the box
	layer_12: sam trew was square of the ten from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don't see in y fitur go snuggers thooking at ti sgeve glangly
	layer_4: i don't see anyf iture gro snoggers looking at to squerd glankely
	layer_6: i don't see any fitcha groan snuggers looking at the square glankly
	layer_8: i don't see any fitchur grown snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any fitcher growned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fitcher growned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i se late fesiat
	layer_4: i selitlov fresiet
	layer_6: i selittle fresh iet
	layer_8: i'sa little fresh yet
	layer_10: i's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: i's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: we bys gad at aulown set uf a shug
	layer_4: wit boys gaded aone set up a shog
	layer_6: with boys guaded alone set up a shug
	layer_8: with boys gatdered alone set up a shug
	layer_10: with boys gathered alone set up a shog
	layer_12: with boys gathered alone set up a shog

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: same loer i gt's ger seafied ton't
	layer_4: sam lover il gits quar seef ied don't
	layer_6: samlover i'l get square see f i don't
	layer_8: sam lover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: sam lover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: sam lover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: tre mene sa ine sently isinlid uf goold thicktha
	layer_4: wemanden saminescently i sindlaed of cood pico
	layer_6: remended same inecently isindade ov kood picture
	layer_8: reminded sam inocently  isi't aitd of cood picture
	layer_10: remonded sam innocently isn't laid of cood picture
	layer_12: remunded sam innocently isn't laid of cood picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: sol me ofsk forlhe don ky
	layer_4: so me afed flly don kuei
	layer_6: so me of fhily don kqui
	layer_8: su me of phily donkey
	layer_10: suw me off phile donkey
	layer_12: suw me off phily donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don'ky ols helic i did nothing of to tind
	layer_4: a don key o helic i did nothing of the flined
	layer_6: adon ki od heleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey od helock i did nothing of the flind
	layer_10: a donkey old hellock i did nothing of the kind
	layer_12: a donkey old hellock i did nothing of the kind

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it' a don' kis had au say
	layer_4: it a donkeys head ore say
	layer_6: it a donkey's head ar say
	layer_8: it' a donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa yo ur picter
	layer_4: and i say youre pictur
	layer_6: and i say you r picture
	layer_8: and i say it youar picture
	layer_10: and i say it your a picture
	layer_12: and i say it yourea picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gess i knowadoctis head wen ni seetd usted l we
	layer_4: i guss i know doquy's head whetn i seait rasderd olwer
	layer_6: i guess i know donky's head when i see it ranste drover
	layer_8: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it ased rover
	layer_10: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it grasted rober
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it grasted rober

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halic the a some stake ur
	layer_4: halick thee he sumstake her
	layer_6: halock thate ha sume istake here
	layer_8: halock dad as some mistake here
	layer_10: hallock day some mistake here
	layer_12: hallock dhae some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: al you kin it mee no mort
	layer_4: r you cind jok me no more
	layer_6: oa you kand joke me no more
	layer_8: or you candt joke me no more
	layer_10: orh you can't joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you can't joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: on night when bos i sleeping toprince had oad markwedrem
	layer_4: one night when poast wasleeping the prince had ad mark bl dream
	layer_6: one night when bothe wes sleeping the prince had armarkable dream
	layer_8: one night when both wer sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: the rast into the toom add dit their crisd tou hers and firgeting all teir folm e rcotions lefte toos open so thert the gat ouside he earring the clamer an tured and sot hepaenc
	layer_4: the rushed into the oon adedt their cris wo hers and furgeting all thei form or precoutions lefther doorrs open so that the gards ouside hearing the clammer antered and sowlerprens
	layer_6: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and furgeting all their form eof recautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hering the clamor entered and sole prince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgeting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and sawthe prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamor entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destraced to her family and shll soo see hert rusbant impaed on a stake
	layer_4: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impailed on astake
	layer_6: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and she'll soon see her husband impaled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: then mat his forhe had disigrd by aferfult from he cotinued to apbusaprance eand havingtied his hands behind him dake him from thebom
	layer_4: then mit his for had dispvigurd by afearful from he continued two o pus the prince wend havingtied his hands behind him taked him from the oom
	layer_6: dhenmits his forehad disfigired by a fiarful from he continued to ause te prince wen having tied his hands behind him tigked him from the room
	layer_8: den wis his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince wen having tied his hands behind him tagged him from the room
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him traged him from the room
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful fram he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tragged him from the room

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teegdad tus like some wile weast rote shaken and netlected raeov a hana would haves of e graty had he noct eemtrotected by the magi t rohth givin to him in pau talla and wich he had feom tivtd be conseil in his hear
	layer_4: treded thus like some bwile peast roly shaken and neclectered rage vahena would haves of e greatly had he knot be introtected by the magic welt given to him in partala and which he had fcomtrived to conceild in his her
	layer_6: treated thus like some bild peast roly shaken an neclected rage of ahona would havesof er greatly had he not be inprotected by the majic uel given to him in partala and which he had contribed to conceale in his hair
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild feast brouhly shaken and neglected rage avahana would have suffered greatly had he not beein protected by the magic tuelle given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast broughly shaken and neglected ragi arhana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic juell given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast broughly shaken and neglected raga varhana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic juell given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fancing therfore with a lage ar we he prepect to beseigh sompa tbe kcapitel city
	layer_4: adpancing therefore with ar large ar we he propet to be seiege shumpa tbe capitalecity
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large army he propatd to be siec chumpa the capital citi
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a herible battle and seud in whiths pot kings wer formd pro t gese or alle
	layer_4: and eible battle and suet in which potkings wereh fomed pro h jes of valla
	layer_6: unheible battle ensued in which bortkings were formed prodijies of vella
	layer_8: anherrible battle ensued in which bortkings were formed prodigies of vella
	layer_10: and herrible battle ensued in which port kings were formed prodigies of vella
	layer_12: and herrible battle ensued in which sport kings were formed prodigies of vella

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shouo thet be anypity foor the vyolater ato hadom
	layer_4: so theet be any pitty for the violateur of the hadem
	layer_6: sould there be any pity for the violatr of the hadem
	layer_8: sould there be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadum
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadum

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: at the old kging my father know in his stil tace was follistenough to favoer t a crumina for the sace of fheswordlesstarter you had nor ne of his fumission and otnot to hafe wen infencsefby him
	layer_4: af the old king my father now in his stotage was folithenogh to favour the crominal for the sake of hiswortless aughter you had no ne of his famision and ougt not to havve meen infelece by him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminel for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his farmission and ought not to have beean influenced by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his towtage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission ind ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his stowtage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission ind ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his stowtage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission ind ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let that lie s ha gusid we inmedity prto let by cagtur and his pat amol beshale up and pisen te ikcome
	layer_4: let thet wies the dusere be immediatly perto tett by tarhcr and his paramor be shult up and prison ta i come
	layer_6: let that whilses the dused we immediately pu to tet by toter and his paramor be shall up and prison tha i come
	layer_8: let that wile sthe duserd be immediately put to that by torture and his parama be shut up in prison til icome
	layer_10: let that while she duserd be immediately put to dhat by torture and his paramau be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while she ducerd be immediately put to dhat by torture and his paramaur be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havtrey also of fears alehint souitbl ak wipd which i sa mont meditlye afer the vering who alute may ar me a mach a gans the aenery and as e sit out i we make teleent cam l de life ut of tut croma
	layer_4: have reay also of fears alefent suitably quipped mhich ei shul wont immediately after the vealing who alertak my ar me in march agans the anemy and as i sed out a will make the elipfent cample delife out of thact creminl
	layer_6: have ready also of fiere elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the belling who overtake my ar mi in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elepant trample de life out of that criminal
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall ant immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant crample de life out of that criminal
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: whit hasto derd gomnearading tet with snaul semed in evitble he serly felt his feet free and apbautiful lady ap peared before him
	layer_4: what hestood dhid garmlya rading dheath with snowl seemed inevitable he sonly felt his feed free and a beautiful lady apeared before him
	layer_6: what he sto er galmlyarrating deth which snow seemed inevitable he solrnly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: but he stood there calmly a wating death which snow seemed inevitable he sulrnly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: bhut he stood there calmly awating death which snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: but he stood there calmly arating death which snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she humly bong down said let my loard bardan hes sevant forlin jury which she hasd and conscious we caust
	layer_4: she humbly bone down said let my lord bardon his servent for the enjurly which she has and consciousle caused
	layer_6: she humbly bone down said let my lord bardon hes servant for the injurly which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am an abtes bon from ras of the moon
	layer_4: i am an abtercs bon from therdays of the moon
	layer_6: i am an abstincs borne from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absirouce borne from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am an abstolese born from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am an abstolece born from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: mon day as i was sfling to ote art lhetting ol bwite tress a son mistaking we for t a loteslat a cackry
	layer_4: monday as i was lyingd to othe ear burding o whitetress aswon istaken we r a lotos lard a cackme
	layer_6: onday as i was flyned to go the air berding of whitetress a s won mistaken wee for a lotust lard atack me
	layer_8: monday as i was flyingd thrgough the air birding a white dress aswan mistaken lee for a lotust lad attacked me
	layer_10: monday as i was flying through the air baring a white dress a swon mistaken mee for a lotus lad attacked me
	layer_12: monday as i was flying through the air barding a white dress a swon mistaken mee for a lotus lat attacked me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his angar he curs me sain o wick id von for this afhence you atondemt to bechainsed int or bpece of an consious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saying o wekedvone for this offence you ortondeme to be chainsed into or pieace of nconsious mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he gursed me saying o reked one for this offense you are endemne to be chainged into or piece of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he gurse me saying oh wicked one for this offense you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursd me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he curse me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthe change too plath geditly and i foled to the grount t rn ant wl sov e chan
	layer_4: the change to lace meditly and i felld to the ground turn antoa sivachain
	layer_6: the change took lacs mediately and i fell to the ground turn intoa silver chain
	layer_8: the change took clace immediately and i fell to the ground turnd into a silver chain
	layer_10: the change took plae immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his ve he sawdhef si ler frecto be sendet to te gown ticke did up and contineit his fight
	layer_4: on his vay he saw the cildver frethod thet sendid to the ground bpiked it up and continu ite his fight
	layer_6: on his way he saw the silver fretled descend it to the ground picked it up and continue it his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver fretl descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frete descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frette descend it to the ground picked it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lhe slad of tenmtro ard mire hearing gthiskceame otoe tae padlesand pockly mounting theelipent who had down his tonk ho to seve him lacedthime self behind t fince
	layer_4: lhe slae of tendervwert mir hering thiscame ot of e parlas and pwickly mounting the alifent who hel down his tronk tog the eive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: theslae of tendrovardma hearing this came oute of ta palos and quickly mounting the elephent who held down his dronk troh deceive him laced himself behind the prince
	layer_8: the slair of cendro varmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held town his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: the slayer of tendro varmir hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the fince
	layer_12: the slaye of tendro varmar hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the fince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gg vos tedercho estonerhment en jy of an dathi cicnae y choth e thopins exclaming is it osible
	layer_4: gade vors thed raca astonisement en jyvf han day te ca naee choler de pinse exclaiming is it possible
	layer_6: gadevor shen reiachal astonishment and joyved and detecignatud each oter depence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gade vors en ricual astonishment enjoyed and dey decognathed each other defendse exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: kade vors and ricual astonishment enjoy and dey recognozed each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: kade vors and mitcual astonishment enjoyed and dey recognized each other defendse exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is a greally you my dear frien oppehard o atma who have d on the steed
	layer_4: is it greally you mi dear friend op ahard ofarma who have on the steed
	layer_6: is it really you my dear friend ap a hard ovarma who have done thesteed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apahart o arma who have done the steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apaheart of arma who have done thi steed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apaheart of arma who have done thi steed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: twol thes theiffos theirdway and plying with gool a fakt the tar pans laced on the etifindt for the us of tendrf ama
	layer_4: two dheese theie fors theirdway and plying with good affects the vepensplaced on the etipantd for the use of cendervrma
	layer_6: two these they forstd theired way implying with good effect the veapens placed on the edepant for the use of cendevarma
	layer_8: to these they forced theird way implying with good effects the veapens placed on the edephant for the use of cendrverma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapens blaced on the elephant for the use of cendroverman
	layer_12: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapons blaced on the elephant for the use of cendroverman

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: weforrt haverver the had gone far nhe heard the nise of pattl at at jiustance and saw the sol dis and frunfh them scatered in aldauretions
	layer_4: beforee havever the had gone far the heard the noise of pattle at ad jistance and saw the soldies and fronth them scatered in all daructians
	layer_6: before howeever they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at adjustance and saw the soldiers and fronf them scatered in all diructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at addistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at addistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me have just no and comtered and uctly tefeeted the eneme so that thet as no fer of any for tit asisteanse
	layer_4: me have just now and comtered and utely defeated the enymy so that thed is no fiar of any for the rasistence
	layer_6: me have just now endcomntered and utrly defeated the enemi so that there is no fear of any further rassistance
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further assistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad i de u har le o thes
	layer_4: and i demy ha ree to this
	layer_6: and i demy hai d glek to this
	layer_8: and i demi hare gleak to this
	layer_10: and i demine hoi leek to this
	layer_12: and i demine how ic gleek to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: ortof cutiosity he hun one of them oside his house
	layer_4: ort of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_6: ot of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in cases of scord insting thuh mor amitisand men rove up paitand plowses wecuman milke or juse offte milcateh flant you fourt bear te aecally an af ly them to the pfots
	layer_4: in cases of scot wein sting thoug maramedicon men rob up paitent plowuses wheth human milk or juce of the mil hath fland you fort piar to rucaley and a ly them to the pots
	layer_6: in cases of scort ein sting though maramedicen men rub up patent plouses wit human milk or juice of the milk atdge pland eu fourt piare to rucalley and afly them to the parts
	layer_8: in cases of scortian sting thogh mara medicine men rub up patent plauses with human milk or juise of the milkhatche plant uford piar thirucalei and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortpian sting tho mora medicine men rub up paytent plousers with human milk or juice of the milkhatch plant eufortpi therukali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortwian sting tho mura medicine men rub up patent plousers with human milk or juice of the milkhatch plant eufort piar tharukali and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: bhen the umbrlical cuard of oar foned pe beselos of aspideet as buind in the fir and its ashes oplace in ticopani shol mexs wi castr oyl and ap liede by means of a folls sfether to the navle
	layer_4: bhen the umbelicale quard of ar forned peibis las off aspiedhed as boned in the fire and its ashes arepplaced in echopenete shel maxchet wat castr oil and aplied by means of a foulows feather to the navale
	layer_6: when the umbelical quod of a fomed paibis lows off aspided as burned in the fire and its ashes ar placed in a copenite shell mexwat castr oil and applied by means of a fowls feather toh the nebol
	layer_8: when the unbilical card of a fomed pabies lows of aspiderd as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponade shell mexetit cast r oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather trouh the naval
	layer_10: when the umbilical cord of a comed pabies lows of a spider t is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconage shell mixed with cast r oil and applied by means of a foul's feather through the naval
	layer_12: when the umbolical cord of a comed pabies lows of a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconage shell mixed with cast re oil and applied by means of a foul's feather through the naval

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: thirhen cold the teadman by his name  an eagerlyvatd tils somemen sax csitrle on theclot
	layer_4: the vhencalld the dead man by his name and eagerly waite tils some insex cettle on the clot
	layer_6: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settle on the clofth
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledbes described as sing oug ofes eyes
	layer_4: bledwas described as osing out of es eyes
	layer_6: bledwas described as ozing out of est eyes
	layer_8: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: made the pasion su tha milke of teprasset afart wroman whosebayby is more than et dhase old
	layer_4: make the pasion suk the milk ofdeprassed ofar woman whose baby is more than eigt thys old
	layer_6: make the pasien sugh the milk off depressed offar woman whose baby is more than eighte days old
	layer_8: make the pasiente suct the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patience suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patience suck the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can oite old him off agaze in this teat war seid to hae re sothen from ending onof thes anuald gooked wit sob jactfolt
	layer_4: his can point old him offecase in this tead  was said to have thesulten from einting one ouf these anuals goked wit sobjackfud
	layer_6: his cam pointold him off a case in which deadth was said to have the sulten from eanting one of these annuals cooked with subjack froot
	layer_8: his cam point told him of a case in which death was said to have rhe sultant from eating one of these anumals cooked with subjack fruit
	layer_10: his scampoint told him of a case in which death was said to have tessultan from eating one of these anumals cooked with subjact fruit
	layer_12: his scamppoin told him of a case in which death was said to have te ssultan from eating one of these annumals cooked with subjact fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: af feuw ars agor ascared butews inconetion with thenensct whichs we sat to havetaken up it's avord in importer jelman glas pangles whih tomplet fwit deeandeeginosendustiof nee gazaaban ge makers eansectes to porter tolyi lorn the ban gle teli aspeurters mhen it would camourt and ni theberove after wording her to get herd aftfers in aoder we fr sacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago ascared yta was in connection with than ensect wich was sad to have taken up its abard in importer coman class bangles which complete with dhe indeeginus an dusty of dee garziaban gil makers he ainsect was to porded to lie lowrn the bangl telit war sperturs when it would commout and nyppedthe bearo after warrding her to get her a fars in oder bwith ar sacombing
	layer_6: a few years ago a scared batawas in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its aboard in imported cherman glass bangoles which complete with the indeginous and dusty of thee ghazula bangel makers the insect was reported to li lo on the angle tilit was purchas when it would come out and knipped the bearof afterwarning her to guet her affairs in oder weth wa a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago are scared araus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an importet german class bangles which complete with the indegenous andustry of the gazula bangl makers the insect was reported to lie loaw on the pangl till it wars purchase when it would come out and nip the bearob afterwarding her to get her affairs in order weth a occumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared araus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and importat german glass pangoles which complete with the indigenous industry of the gasula bangal makers the insect was reported to lie low on the pangol till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bear o after warding her to get her affairs in order weforsuccumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared parawos in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and importet german glass spangoles which complete with the indiginious industry of the gasula bangal makers the insect was reported to lie low on the bangol till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bear of after wardning her to get her affairs in order wefosuccumbing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his body was lonk and slender hard ind a jiel his siht ken his amon eting
	layer_4: his vody was lonk and slender hard ind egil his sight ken his aiman errding
	layer_6: his body was lonk ind slender hard in a gile his sight ken his aim an erring
	layer_8: his body was long in slender hard in egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_10: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_12: his body was long and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montosh argr han gan the had gon or shoting he ar the somp of tniticy wih a ew sporting companiincs
	layer_4: in the mont of algrahan canthe had gone ort shoting the a the smomp of nidike with a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algraan canti had gone not shooting le ar thiswamp of nedi khei with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahean granti had gone o shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahian grandi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrahaean grandi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une mording as gunty wa sitred in his poart fleaning a faord cgun he sad anly stated at wat hetird was tekry if wydoct looking upfh he saw aoelas maid and comingto the wates ege with do white docklingsclas to have prest
	layer_4: one mornding as gonty was sated in his poart cleaning a favorid con he said enly started at what he thart was ecry if wiedock looking up he saw a velace mail in coming to the wat ers edge with to white tockling sclasse to herprest
	layer_6: one morning as cante was seated in his poat cleaning a favoride cun he sudenly started at what he heart was the cryof bie dock looking up he saw o vilace mailin coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glasped to here presst
	layer_8: one morneing as ganty was seated in his port cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thart was the cry of bhaye dock looking up he saw our billayge mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clased to her presset
	layer_10: one morning as canty was seated in his boat cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wye dock looking up he saw or billage maidlon coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clasped to her preased
	layer_12: one morning as scranty was seated in his boat cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of byle dock looking up he saw or billage maidon coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clasped to her pressed

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: nhegol put the birds into the watter and watce therm ancious me
	layer_4: tegil put the birds into the water and wacs them minxious ne
	layer_6: de girl put the birds into the water and wats themr anxiously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and watcs them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking rand can ty saw one of his men poinding and ulorded cun ad dedocs
	layer_4: looking round candt the saw one of his men poinding and unloded kun ad the doxs
	layer_6: looking round cranti saw one of his men poining an unloaded cun at the doks
	layer_8: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_10: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: can timean don tlaning his goune
	layer_4: canty men ton claning his gun
	layer_6: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_8: canty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: carnty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: canty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: after kan ty had eaten an trunk the braman pect himtoint duce himself ga tigave his ow n name his father's name and heet ters of is home and then serid inusul bey if i cand be ovf eanhy savisir i shall kin messu fortnit
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten and trunk the pram ind pece him to into dute himself cati gave his own name his father's name and the ed des of ice home and then said in usual bay if i can be of an y sevicsir i shall kin my sl fortunate
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramin pecked him to introduce himself cante gave his own name his father's name end yet tus of ice home and then said in usual bay if i can be of any sarvice sar i shall kein my sl fotunate
	layer_8: after canty had eaten and frunk the bramin pecked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of his home and then said in h usual bay if i can be of any sarvic er i shall geenm mysel fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmen pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of his home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall keemp myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the brahmin pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet us of his home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall keem myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so seing con tily peteard has selut and when pack
	layer_4: socing contirly peerd his selute and went pack
	layer_6: soceying contirre peted his salute and went back
	layer_8: so saying kantirepeted his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying cante ripeted his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying conterepeted his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le prick bote mantion of the mosmtars had beean borod fort the eaning sermolmy whichs wa sfexet forth nex marck as cunti did not fished to delay
	layer_4: te prect bote mantion of the mozomtas had bean borroard fort the beining sermonmy which was fexed forthe next mark as condly did not fish to delay
	layer_6: the crick bolt mantion of the mossom hars had bean borowed for the beling serminy which was fixed for the next mark as caunty did not wish to delay
	layer_8: the crick bilt mention of the mossomars had been borrowed for the berding cermony which was fixed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick built mention of the moumzars had been borrowed for the bening ceremony which was fixed for the next mark as canti did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick built mention of the mosumzars had been borrowed for the benning ceremony which was fixed for the next mark as canti did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: in du ime te brai rom marid on his alepfent with droms and musi and withtha parhtsly porsession and the sede man thy begain
	layer_4: in du time the prd growmarived on his elephent withtroms and music and with he parts ay procession and the ceroman i began
	layer_6: in duetime the pride grum arived on his elephant with droms and music and with a parts ray procession and the cyrumony began
	layer_8: in due time the pridegrom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partswrey procession and the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partsa procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a partsray procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in thad pash ful don guast face courd on whet dereling clranr and bedhect wit sandle pasd he could scarcely reicognied te belleace made n ofhisfancy and in dhe  folnes off as a mortion an must seemd to becloud his eyse
	layer_4: in that pashful down gast face could on with derelling coanair and bedact with sandl pactd he could scarcely tec ognised the belate madee n off his fancy and inthe foullnes off is emortion amist seemed to be clouerd his eyes
	layer_6: in that pashful downgaset face cur on with the relling coronair and bed acke with sandel pacte he could scarcely decognise the belage made en off his fancy and in the fulness off his amotion amist seemed to be clowed his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashiful downghast face cur on with devailing coronair end beddacked with sandal pacte he could scarcely recognise the bellage maidan of his fancy and in the fullness off his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downghast face cut on with the vailing coroneire enbeddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the bellage madan of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seem to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downchast face cut on with the vailing coroneire enbeddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellage madan of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seem to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: teligd ot the lam seemd tho cord them and darkness tutanish he face of the pried herself
	layer_4: dhe lightd of the lamp seemed tho crod them and darkness to tanishe the face of the pride herself
	layer_6: dhelight of the lamp seemed to crote them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: delight of the lamps seemed to croa them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to croat them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to crot them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a first he folt ang lyveit tes fathernla dheod scone gret had shown him bone goorl and maried him doanoter
	layer_4: at first he felt anglevwith his fathern law the old scon rrl had sown him bone girl and married him do another
	layer_6: at first he felt angly with his fathern law the old scondriell had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angly with his father i law the old scoundriel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: gle was upon i follored the grd he had seene befor
	layer_4: glos upon it followed the gird he had seen before
	layer_6: gclose upon it followed the goord he had seen before
	layer_8: close upon it followed the guod he had seen before
	layer_10: gluse upon it followed the god he had seen before
	layer_12: gluse upon it followed the guurd he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: oh the mad gr kuried ta women as thy mde syins to hear to lu youe tod aonm
	layer_4: o the mad guran critd the boman as theym ide signs to hear to ly leae te t om
	layer_6: oh the mad girln crie the woman as they mide signs to her to leave the om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_10: o the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: ir lir tle manm inter rom began to titer
	layer_4: ol ovr momn in the room began te titar
	layer_6: all live men in the room began to titta
	layer_8: all le vomen in theroom began to titta
	layer_10: all the wermen in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all thebermen in the room began to tutter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: the inlesing laughd err in te om be tolk end and a musing jok
	layer_4: the incleasing laughed er in the dhom betalkend han amusing jok
	layer_6: the incleasing laugheder in the room we talkene an a musing joke
	layer_8: the increasing laughter in the room betakend then amusing joke
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room be talke nd then amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be talke and then amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with he si of in dtentleath as of e scae on telamiry he looked oncemorne into the face of hus brid
	layer_4: with he si of intense leaf as of escaped on melamiry he looked one emorn into the face of his bride
	layer_6: with ha sigh of intense leaf as of escalped on nelamery he looked one morn into the face of his bride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense eleaf as of escaed rom alamiry he looked once morne into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense releaf as of escape from alamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense releaf as of escape from alamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fan had taken this morniyng mel and now ly crld up on a bed of moss
	layer_4: the fon had taken this mornling meal and now lay curled up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fond had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: when nevern ther fon cut up he was quite contamn to frisk about
	layer_4: wheneverin the fon cut up he was quite conten to frisk about
	layer_6: wrenever the fawn cut up he was quite contend to frisk about
	layer_8: whenever in the fawn cuht up he was quite contentd to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever in the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever in the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the tange wasl serto now it was near
	layer_4: the danger was cir ti now it was ner
	layer_6: the danger was certe now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the howus has truck e trail where she turned and the forn was sefe
	layer_4: the hous hadstruck a trail where she turned and the form wars save
	layer_6: the hous had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_8: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_10: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save
	layer_12: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was save

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ine was rowing the adte had ha gun in his han what syould she do
	layer_4: hone mast roing the other had a gun in his hand what should shed do
	layer_6: one was roing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tiurt lags couuld not propail d the tient bvoatdeg repterny
	layer_4: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tient bodin repienly
	layer_6: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tient bordi rapidly
	layer_8: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tiant bordi rapidly
	layer_10: her tirnt lakes could not prepal the tyant bordine rapidly
	layer_12: her tirant lakes could not prepal the tyant bordine rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the do saw the boat nearring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat narring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the moement more the boat was on her and the man at the ors hat lendolver and cut her
	layer_4: in the moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caugt her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the yoars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tor mentat my ters but had astae from drenking for manydays according to te doftis oders
	layer_4: i was tormeanted by thirst but had abstayd from drinking for many days according to the dofctr's orders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thurst but had ebstand from drinking for many days according to the doctr's orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that od men sase to give so much a knoions hyeet sometimes he appear to me indreams
	layer_4: that od men sase to give so much anoyons y et sometimes the appear to me in dreams
	layer_6: that old man sees to give so much annoyans yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man sees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: file cae geven them oders not to spea to me of this
	layer_4: fhillychike given them ouders not to spea to me of this
	layer_6: filleach i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_8: villigh i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: filich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: filitch i given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this madd had stollen fro me certain lirtl sigs of som im portens and in her fe ben bethactet she would have beenvery glad if i had did
	layer_4: this made had stolen from me certain little slings of some importance and in her fea r being detacted she would have ha been very glad if i had died
	layer_6: this mad had stolen from me certain little shings of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would havebeen very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accordingny she alout me twics to tke as much as i could of the water so that igood earness i swallowed more then a flask forl i thent covblrt myself and begarn to swet and elln to a de sitp
	layer_4: accordinglyse allout mean twise to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnes i swollowed more then a flask fall i then covered myself and began to swet and fell in to a deepe silep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowt mean twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the a that my poor fra was on the point of folling to the ground sograve t a s he to hearis
	layer_4: the sayd that my poor fran oas on the point of falling to the ground so graved  was he to hear this
	layer_6: they say that my poor franmd was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so gravetd was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so gravet was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so gravet was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: after wort s he tooken aglease tat and began to bea ta servinggirl with allw his mih shautin out a tratroess you have killdimn for mean then
	layer_4: afterwars he took en ugleast tat and began to beat ta serving girl with all his mint shoult ing out ah tratroeus you have killed im for men then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an uglys date and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the bserving girl with all his mighd shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the beserving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she ma did have saved my life so led mea helpeing heand for i have swetid and bequick aboud it
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweted and bequick aboud it
	layer_6: shemayn did have saved my life so let me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_8: she maindid have saved my life so let me a help ing hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she mayndid have saved my life so let me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she mayndid have saved my life so let me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fhilhye chi recovrt i spirits drite a mate necomfrtable and i been conscious over great inprofment i my stake begen to recen n recovery
	layer_4: fillicha recovert his spirits dride and mate me comfortable and i been conscious of ar great improfement i my stake began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: pyliate recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: filicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: firlicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: firlitcha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: jus thed the osle docter bernardekno put in his appearans who at the begiting of my iners had refused to blepme
	layer_4: jus than the ethedoctor bernardeno put in his appearancs who had the bigitdting of my ilners had refused to blepe me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who hat the beginning of my illners had refused to blead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who hat the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilner's had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystro fren cheschoes that most able mane excleaed oh power of thecher
	layer_4: mystroufren chescoese that most able man excleed oh power of mhanture
	layer_6: mystroufron cheiscoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_8: maestra fronchescoes that most ableman exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: maestro froncesco's that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: maestro froncesco's that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she knose what shid requies and the physiciens no nothing
	layer_4: she knose what she requirs and the physicions no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha siboto my srwber nand no made ansosame if he hat drumka nother botal he would have bee ckud upon te spot
	layer_4: tha simboton my sruober nardeno made unso saimn if he had drunkanother bottl he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_6: tha simpootan mysrubernardino made anso saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: the simpolton mise ro ber nardino made anser saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_10: the simbolton micse robenardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: the simbolton mice robenardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: afterrs he tured to me and asi icould hav drunk mor water
	layer_4: after wards he turned to me and asi y could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and ask i by could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and askd if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i answeret no becausei had antarely quinchd my thirst
	layer_4: i answered no because i had entiraelly queintd my tirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: in lihte menner she was uskingful what she wantit whin the pool yog man te duv to bled hym
	layer_4: in like maner she was asking for wat she wantedt whith the poo yumg man that du to blead him
	layer_6: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted wheth the poor young men thad due to blead him
	layer_8: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man ber due to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bared du to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bared du to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: if you nea tat is recovery depeded upon his drenking to flasks of ater why tint you not sa so before
	layer_4: if you ners that his recovery dependet upon his drinking too flasks of water why dint you not say so before
	layer_6: if you ners that his recovery dependen upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_8: if you knes that his recovery dependent upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knews that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knews that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bosted of this ckel
	layer_4: you might then have bosted of his kil
	layer_6: you might then have boasted on his ki
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his kil
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his keel
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his keel

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this wors the rechi quhite so cavly depotit a meveli shoultis face age
	layer_4: at this words the wretchic uite soculydepard it and never shout is face agan
	layer_6: at this words the retchec uhite socirly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_8: at thes words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched quite sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verevening i was taken with great precoutions in the chair well repet up and protectet from the cold
	layer_4: the verevening i was saken with great precautions in e chair well reped up and protectev from the cold
	layer_6: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well repped up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not prmiti any ureularities forshoh he has eskape thisti i nother des oder now would be the dath of him
	layer_4: do not prmittimg any o regdularities for though he has escaped this tinme annother dis order now would be the death of him
	layer_6: do not permittim any irregularities for though he has escaped this time enother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: that he trd to me and set my ban vennto be pruden comme no exesses and we you are qut wehcovert i bagu to mate me o madoa nhew with you on hand and i wel always pay my devoshuss toit for you sak
	layer_4: that he turned to me and sed my ben venato be prudenet com mit no excesses and we you are quarte recovert i bagou to make me a madana with your own hand and i well always pay my devotius to it for your sake
	layer_6: that he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudentd commint no eccesses and whe you are quite recovered i beag you to make me a madona with your own hand and i we'll always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then e turned to me and said my ben venuto be prudent com int no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venulto be prudent come int no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venulto be prudent come it no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i made my myndup and pretear to trevele
	layer_4: so i made my myind up and prepart to trevele
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepare to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepared to trebel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that day many frens kape to seeme amon othes pire lode who as the best adeares friend i evee head
	layer_4: that day many friends cape to see men among others per lanedy who was the best a dearust frend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere landy who was the best an dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre lanndy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landy who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mixs day thay came asersen mecallo tha montey ugoto who as also a very great fran af mi
	layer_4: nikt day that came a cergan mnikolo tha montey agouto who was also a very great fren of mine
	layer_6: next day there came a sergeaon nikolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of min
	layer_8: next day there came a cergeaon nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a surgeon niccolo da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a curgeon miccolo da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harberd him in roum and provid et fur his cossts while he hedt tured my whole house u sit down for the man was subjrec to ha spe chies of dry scad whech he was always in the habit ofs corechyn with is had
	layer_4: i had harbid him in rom and provident for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a speecies of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scoretching with his hand
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsidte down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scabe which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scabe which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: menwil that able fisiion fronchescod temonterwotky attended to my kuel with great skiell
	layer_4: meanwhile that able physicion fron ches coed ta montevarki attended to my cil with great skill
	layer_6: meanwhile that able physician fron chesco da montevarki attendend to my ki with great skil
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician franchesco da monter varci attended to mychi with great skill
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monter varcis attended to mycil with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician francesco da montervarci attended to mycill with great skill

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: thee the sidat me to wait unti he duke wet by
	layer_4: there they sideed met to waite until the duke went by
	layer_6: there they sit et mean to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sit atd me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sit at mea to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sit at mea to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my friens at cord came up to greet me and expressed surprice tat i had unde gone the incomvenionse of beng carrit in that wa while so shatad by ilness the sad that i ought to erve watet to loi was well and thento ave vsitded the dou
	layer_4: many of my friendse at cord came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had under gone the inconvenions of being carritd in that way while so chatted by illness the said that i ought to have waited to li was well and then to have visiteed the du
	layer_6: many of my friends at chorrtd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconveniencs of being carried in that way while so shetterd by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this weords my sr ougos teno te yukes tale met is waye throuegh al those gentmen and sad it tats all you wan to know you shall noait at this verymomet
	layer_4: at this words my sroagostenow the dukes tala mate his wai through all those gentleman and said itf thas all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_6: at this words mysroagostino the dukes tala mite his wai through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at these words mysr agostino the duke's tailor mad his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words mastro agostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words mayestro agostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jeorgos ta painter who my have mansiond happenet jus ten to pass and my sro oglostenow excleed tereriys te manrl o cuse dyou now you kno yuseldive it be trel o not
	layer_4: georgos a painter whom y have mansioned happened jes then to pass and my rowagosteno excleed vere is temanol accused you now ou know yousel vive it betruel or not
	layer_6: georgos o painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mise roughagustino exclaime there is to manwhol accused you now you know yoursel wivh it be true or not
	layer_8: georgiosa painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad mys roagoustino exclaimed there is ta man who accused you now you know yourself with it be true or not
	layer_10: georgio's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass ad myus rouagustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself with it be true or not
	layer_12: georgio's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus rou agustino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself with it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as eis e has i coud not beng able to leve my sat i ask joje iyf it was true that he had a kused  me
	layer_4: as feis e as i could not been able to leave my seat i asked geoldio if it was true that he had accusedto me
	layer_6: as fesy as i could not bein able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_8: as feurciy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fercly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georlgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fercy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georlgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he denigh that it was so and that he had eve said evrything of the sort
	layer_4: he dinigned that it was so and that he had ever said enything of the sord
	layer_6: he denined that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sword
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my reuw u lasteno retartet you gallosbired
	layer_4: my srouw agostino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_6: my struw agustina retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_8: masr agostino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_10: masro agustino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_12: mistro agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don't he kno theat i know it for most serten
	layer_4: don't syu know that i know it for most certain
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jor jo made off as quecklyas he could wrepeding that he had not acuse me
	layer_4: georgo made off as quickly as he could repeading that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgia made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made of as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then aste  short wile the duk kape by whereupor i head myself raset up before his exyla sey antd he holtid
	layer_4: then after a short while the duke came by whereuporn i head myself raised up before his axcellensy and he holt id
	layer_6: than after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke dasedt at me ad mavot i wastal alife afterars fhe ba wme take hed to be an hones man and regae my hels
	layer_4: the duke dased at me and marvoede i was deall alife afterwards fhe bate me take hed to be an honost man and regane my hels
	layer_6: the duke dazed at me and marvoed i was stial alife afterwards ebate me take heed to be an honest man and regained my hels
	layer_8: the duke dazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my healh
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my health
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my health

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i reached hom necollo tamon te a ghotol came to visit me an told me that i had excate one of the most gretful parials in the worl quite cotrary to all his expectations for he hadt see my ruin riten with indellible enk now i must make hase to get well and after irs tick frenchlef because myjeapirdy cabe from aqorder and a man whowas able to distroy me
	layer_4: when i reached home mecolo dumontay a guto came to visitme and told me that i had excaped one of the most dritfull parials in the worl quite cantrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruine written with indelible ink now i must make hast to get well and after wars take frenchlief because my jepidy came from a quarter and a man who was able to distraoy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nikolo damonteaguta came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most driheful periols in the worolw quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchlyf because my japoty came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nikolor damonteragruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreabeful perils in the worl quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japody came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccolo damonteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccolo da monteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perials in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i an sar tat i had dot nothing to displecin but that he had injurdt me and toldym all thy of faira bout the minth
	layer_4: i ansed that i had dod nothing to displeace him but that he had ingired me and told hime all the affar about the mint
	layer_6: i answere that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mints
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the min
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repeadit get hadc s queckly as you can and be of goold corrce for you wi'l se uo vegecs executed sonear tan you waxpect
	layer_4: he repeadid get heands as quikly as you can and be of good curage for you well see of vengencs executed sooner than you eexpact
	layer_6: he repeated get heans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see of vengeanecs executed sooner than you eexpect
	layer_8: he repeated get heands as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see or vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get hads as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see ouf vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes attecien to my hels tave peartrao pagilol at vice abou stabting the coins and the went off aport my way to ro withot sayn a word to the duke o any bode ls
	layer_4: i the best attention to my helse gave piertral pagalo at vice abou stamping the coins and they went of upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybodhe ells
	layer_6: i the best attention to my helse gave pietrol pagolo at vice about stamping the coins and the went off upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my helh gave pietro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my helth gave pietro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my helth gave pietro pagalo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want them to e more to lie that for rosies tirent
	layer_4: you want them to amore tolise det for rocious tirent
	layer_6: you want them to emmortilize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_8: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havd nevmver made anything soex lesit which provsou ir im veterit fo and thea di vod eat frend and yet the puope a e have head i tice i min to hangkyou withou anyfault of yos
	layer_4: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i rl imn veterat fom and the divodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twise in mind to handk you withou any fault of yurse
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you iwir imnveterate fo and their devoted friend and yet te pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you o wrl inveterate fo and their devotede friend and yet the pope and he have had i twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ir inveterate foe and their devotede friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ir inveterate fole and their devotede friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frly blet that duh alisidetie was the soun of pope plamin
	layer_4: it was firmly belet that duke alisiddrle was the son of pupe plamint
	layer_6: it was firmly belied that duked alisadro was the son of pope clamoned
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alesanddro was the son of pope clamment
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alesxandro was the son of pope plament
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alesandro was the son of pope plament

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: meserfren chescol used oso to say and swere by all he sainth that i he could he would have roped me of the dis for that meadew
	layer_4: messer froenchescal used olso to say and swere by all hi sent that if he could he would have ropped me of the diees for that meadow
	layer_6: meser fraenchescol used also to say and sweare by all his saints that if he could he would have robbped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: mensor franchesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_10: meser francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_12: mester francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i raspornderd that he had done well to tel myeso and that i would tix such care of them that he should nemvlese them more
	layer_4: i responded that he had done well to tell me sof and that i would tike such care of them that he should neves e them more
	layer_6: i respoindend that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i no sen o flowrence to requese loren sanog that he would seain me the revers of the medel
	layer_4: i now sent o flowrence to requese loren senon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_6: i nouwn sent to florence to reques loren sinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lorencino that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request larencino that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicoll od ta monteal gooto to whom i hadt reto wrode bak saying that he ha spokcoeln to that mad melocoly t losupfer lored senot forit he ha replihdthahe was stinking night a day of nothing lse and that he would inishit as soon as he was able
	layer_4: micolo damontaa guto to whome i had reton rouht back saying that he had spokene to that mad malon coly thola soffer lorend see no for it he had repliedhahe was tinking night and day of nothing euse and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nikolo damonter guto to whom i had reitten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad maloncholy philosopher lorene kno for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_8: niccolar da monter guto to whom i had wreitten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenc no for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: niccolo d'a monter gutto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher laurencino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: miccolo d'a monter gutto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher laurencino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: neveotelis i was not to set my hopes upon his revers but i had better invend one out of my owln head and when i had finishd id i might bring t withou  heasitatien to the duke for this would be to my evontace
	layer_4: never theless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i hade finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantage
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compost the esing of e reerse which seee to me appropiet andpressed the ward farwet to my best ability
	layer_4: i composed the design of a reverse which ceive to me appropiate andpressed the word forwed to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropiate ampressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which ceemed to me appropiate amd pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this beageso as he was a fellowe of much heumer we used aofwfl to laugh together abut the great creedit he hat gae
	layer_4: this big so as he was a fellow of much fumar wee used offere to laugh together about the great credit he had game
	layer_6: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour wee used offern to laugh together about the great credit he had gain
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i there for dis mounted at ons got my foling pes rady and at  very log range brought to ovf them down with a sigol ball
	layer_4: i therefore dis mounted at one got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a sigol ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought toow of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: a neve a use to st withmo tat one ball and was usully able to hat my mark at to hundre kobit which cannot be don by other wayse of lodyg
	layer_4: ad never used to shoed with molesen one ball and was usualy able to heat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loding
	layer_6: i never used to shrood with more than one ball and was usually able to heit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoet with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livetat my fot an tlhat the marte ranout thed when i had mounted we make hased for rom
	layer_4: i livedt ip my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rom
	layer_6: i lived it my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made hazte for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made hazte for rome
	layer_10: i liveded my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i liveded my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after on ertwo ineffectual attents frosy turnd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frousy tured fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frounsiy tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents fronseie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attemts pronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: al try and she ladt a quiki n nom manow
	layer_4: i'll try and she laid a quick im a o menow
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quick a and o minow
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick han n o ma naw
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick had in o mana
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand in o manaw

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spots burnonorchekes and her paledly ie snapt
	layer_4: two red spots burnd on her cheeks and her paled low ye snapped
	layer_6: two red spots burne on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_8: two red spots bured on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wime suri heard it raging ot hen down
	layer_4: whi'me sure i heard at raging up than down
	layer_6: why'm sure i heard it raging up tan down
	layer_8: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't monan you dinner said sharlet drawing tack
	layer_4: i don't wanet any dinner said sharlet drawing mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said sharlet drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindeed said polycerly just es fine hs can be
	layer_4: yes indeed said pollycherly just as fine is can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly charily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a suredly said old mister kig with great satisfaction ind polys pleasur and at her successin droying sharlet hout
	layer_4: asuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind polly's pleasure and at her success and doing sharlet out
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success enjying sharlo out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success enjrawing charlotte out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success en drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and afterd this the eued no more quiet days for sharlt choutteton
	layer_4: and after this there would no more quiet days for sharlet hattiton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for charlete chouterton
	layer_8: and after this there werd no more quiet days for scharlotte chowterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: oh but me at t you forondy in pleaced to prise
	layer_4: oh blust me at you fronde in pleaced sorprise
	layer_6: oh bless me at you phronsi inpleased surprise
	layer_8: oh bless me at you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yesgrandt pa said frondsy coming an and shuting thet hor caerfully i came on purpose to seeyou all alone
	layer_4: yesgrampa path said froniy coming in and shutting thea dore carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yes grand papa said phroniy coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king highely grot ifid inmpuishing away his riting table he held out has hand
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highly gratif ide imd pushing away his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: wo kno grand fupo cried froandsy an aerapshur i could never be do bik for that so she perched oup as of old on his nig than she fuold ed her hands ad locked gravely in his face
	layer_4: o no grandpapa cried fronsy n a raptser i could never be do big for that so she perched up as of old on hisne then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grand papa cried phronsy in he rapsur i could never be doo big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands an looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: wellt my dear wat is it
	layer_4: well my dear what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the ol gon oman presently you'e come to tell me somethin i suppose
	layer_4: as the old genamon presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: askedthe old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yes grand papat i have said frondsy descidtedly and it is most important too grat upac ant o i do wish its so wmuch and she clasd her hins titer and side
	layer_4: yes grand papat i have said fronsy decidedly and it is most important too grad bepat and oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands titer and side
	layer_6: yes gran papa i have said phronsiy decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she classped her hands tighd her inside
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighd her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter indside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well t an frondsie if you wantet i supposit must be said mister king quit ase a matte of course
	layer_4: well then frondse if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_6: well then fhronsy if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: o she lefe you hoferthing she had frondly i cup ae of millioncs or so it is why
	layer_4: oh she left you hvery think she had frondy i couple of millions ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everythink she had fhronsiy a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlt por repeated the ol geuntlemen
	layer_4: sharlete poort repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet port repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charltte por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlott port repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: y knon not exactly her father is an rice but shar let i think by dou very well especially as i inten to keep er her for awhile and then ni shal never let her suffrt froncs y never indeet
	layer_4: hy known not exactly her father is an rich but sharled i think bay o very well especially as i intend to keep her hear for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronsy never indeet
	layer_6: why know not exactly her father isn't rich but charletd i think may yo very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronsiy never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may dou very well especially as i intend to keep her here for awhile and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think bay you very well especially as i intend to keep her here for awhile and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think bay you very well especially as i intend to keep her here for awhile and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: gradafr said frondcy was nt misus chaditan ant to sharlet
	layer_4: grad befa said fronsy wasn't missus chatterton aunt to sharlet
	layer_6: grad bafa said phronsye wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlott
	layer_8: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlote
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chattr tin was ant to shorf it persistod frondsy slowly it seemc as if shaled ougt to have som of the momy it realy dos gran papa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was aunt tos sharvlet persisted fronsy slowly it seems as if sharledought to have some of the money it really does granpapa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt do charlet persisted phronsiy slowly it seems as if charlo ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlott ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maybe said the ol genemom with ae short laugf and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unes wes sory over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_4: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin ounes was sorry over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unus was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: what nit ma e hervery glad if i dgav shalat som af tha money
	layer_4: wat d t it make her very glad if i dgave shawlete sume of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave shawlete some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charl ate some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for answer mister king sedtedown hastily on the flor und too two oreth ree turnes upan down the rom
	layer_4: for answer mister king setar down hasteily on the floor and took two wer three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or hree turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: owhi do so wish i myght he aid thers so much for  little grwlike me
	layer_4: ohy do so wish i might she said ther' so much for a little girlike me
	layer_6: oh hy do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: at woul be so niced to have sharlet have some with me still kno answer
	layer_4: it woul be so knized to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlote have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was riting a not to missus fargo said vrondsy putting up prelips forkase
	layer_4: i was riting a note to missus fargo said fronzsy putting up phrelips forikiss
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said pronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: sure as i coun be fronsy said l mister king smily good by dear
	layer_4: sure as i can be fronsy said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i cant be phronsie said old mister king smilyg good by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smilig good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good bye dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: there t ther rysistu spoy shall never say that but comin comant
	layer_4: theyre thee my sistr spoy shall never say that but come in coment
	layer_6: ther ther mysister spoy shall never say that but come incommin
	layer_8: there there my sister sboy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_10: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_12: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be youngracious the young manthlry omself int wich er
	layer_4: not to beyungracious the young manthlrey himself int which hair
	layer_6: not to be ungracious the young man tlrew himself intowhich hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man fhlrew himself into hitch hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into hatch hair
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into atch hair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: o hang t in gle wi eintho let mne alone
	layer_4: oh hang at ol gle whike in she let me alone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle whye an she let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle whye cant she let me alone
	layer_10: oh hangin uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_12: oh hangin uncle why can't she let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder anterpolieded pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolited pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolited pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did oncle said pickring youv don everything nhit's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering youve donet everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for hav en' sat pickerin critd as uncle darting ind fron of the chair in its restlessocbut don't say that again
	layer_4: for haven sate pickering cried his uncle darting im fron of the chair and its restless okupot don't say that again
	layer_6: for heaven' sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v been a laisy dag o my life in a good for not but i holpid not sum tod tha
	layer_4: i've been a lazy dog on my life an a good for not but i hope if not som to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazy dog on my life and a good for not but i hope ofe not somp to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope ive not som to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sump to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumpk to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels were brining and peopl n the ovenew going hoy ti servis turned curious inquiring looks up tue the great hause and then went o talkin iot the recon avents which huld so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_4: the church vells were ringing and people on the avenu going by to service turned churious inquiring looks up wt the great house and then went on talking of the recon events which had so strangely enterd into and made history in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned churious inquiring looks up wt the great house and then went on talking otf the recen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up wat the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and al thuwh his impassion appieald tis morning there was anot a sadmens and rebuke and stern condemation bhat made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inwared anger
	layer_4: and alltfhrouwh his impassiond appeal this morning there was a not of sadnens and rebieuke and sterned condammation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_6: and all throuwgh his impassion appeal this morning there was a notife sadness and rebuke and sterned condemation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramand had boated to continyu for i another year the slloo
	layer_4: ramon had boated to continue for another year thes alon
	layer_6: raymon had boted to continue for another year this alloon
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year this aloon
	layer_10: raymond had boted to continue for another year thes saloon
	layer_12: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristions of ram andsted candemn by the result
	layer_4: the christians of ram on stoeod condemn by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raimon stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the factind ramand for yers be salon ruld
	layer_4: for that had been the fact in ramend for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymond for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: resident marh that there his usual ie rect anceom borrm wright self comfpit int baring all go his head bout upon his bresst the great tears rolling down his cheeks unlainfhull ofd the fact that never before head hy shown outared amotion in apublick servise
	layer_4: president marsh tat there his usual i rect andsome birm wright self compident bearing all go his head bowt upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unlineful of the fact that never before head he shown outware emotion in a public service
	layer_6: president marshs shat there his usual erect handsome firm wright self comfident bearing all gowne his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindfull of the fact that never beforehad he shon outward emotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he showne outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shone outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he showne outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun to do has jesus wourd have don mlong ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do as jesus woad have done long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: when had the first hurce hild ed do such abackd his im oftears
	layer_4: when had the first herch yielded to such abapt hism of t ears
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such abape ism of tears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what id become of its regular precice conventional order of service undisterded by any volgar amotion and un moved by any folish ecxcitment
	layer_4: what hid become of its regular procise conventional order of service undirsturved by any volgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_6: what hid become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulguar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on their surfhasfelings that they had almost forgoten the deeaper wells of lie
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfacefeelings that they had almost forgotten the deper wells of lie
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender it gloaed with the spir ts pesencs it was a live was stong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiscy power and ramento that would break ets rain for ever
	layer_4: the meting was tender it gloaed with the spirits presents it was alive was stong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowd with the spirits presence it was alive wath strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power en rayment that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raiment that would break its rain forever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain forever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rain forever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: since the first son tey when the first company obalintears had pleche theimselves to do has gesus woutd deu the different meatings had been caractirisd by distinct impulses or impressioncs
	layer_4: since the first sondey when the first company ofbolanteers had pledged themselves to do is jesus would do the different meeatings had been character ized by distanct impulses or impressions
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolunters had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterised by distinct impulses or impressionsd
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alteorh it ran one genneral cri for delivernce anm the salon in itsoful curse
	layer_4: and altrouw it ran one general cry for deliverance am the saloon in its aful curs
	layer_6: and althruewh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_8: and al through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_10: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: gryin his wife for be seechd by anquirs who aned to now what lorians friends an aquaitances wer expected to do in paing neir luster spets to her
	layer_4: gray in his wife woer beseeched by inquirers who wanded to know what lorian's friends and acquaintances wer expected to do in payn their last respects to her
	layer_6: gray and his wife were beseghed by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do inpaying their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were besieghed by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what lauriane's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what lauriane's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gone upt to vireginies and after talking atover with her nd maxpele e rangement had beenmade
	layer_4: gray had gone up to vrirginiens and after talking it over with her and maxawel he arrangement had been made
	layer_6: grey had gone up to virginians and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_8: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her an maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her an maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and alwas have been apose o large publitc funeral said gray whosescomplete hulsom s implicity of caracter was one of its greatest sorces of strenth but the cri of the por creatuors wo new lorin is si ernes that i oud not know hawtter of fused the desire to see her and pa her for body some lasht blittle honor what do you think mister maxtbal
	layer_4: i am and always have been apose te large public funerals said grey whose complete holesome simplicity of caracter was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine as so earnes that i dod not know how or a fused the desire to see her and pay her poor body some last blittle honour what do you think mister maxibll
	layer_6: i am and always have been opposed a large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse thi desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funeral said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorreene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funeral said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i will be gad ed by yur a jecheren anh matter
	layer_4: i will be guided by your juschement in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your jedgment in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgment and the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgment and the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement and the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am sur tat whatever you hin miss pace think fest will byo wright
	layer_4: i am sure that whatever you and mis page think best will be wriht
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and mis page think best will be rigte
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss paghe think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the sircumsances i have a great ois tased for what seem like ti splay it such times but tis sems different
	layer_4: under the circumstances i have a great dis taste for what seem like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: hit happened that that afternoun a some what knotad nes fapercorespon it was passing di ram and on his way to an etatorial commention in he neighboring sity
	layer_4: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted nespaper coresond it was passing de ramend on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing dug raimend on his way to an editorial convention in te neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thrugh graiymond on his way to an editorial convention in ta neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raimond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raimond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was accom on street dronkered and yet the service is at thetent were as impressivf as any  ever witnesdtan a metur palid an church over the most distinguish scitizon
	layer_4: she was a commond street drunkered and yet the serviceis of the tent where as impressive as any i ever witness an a metur politand church over the most disinguished citizen
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed an a measurepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measurepolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any ever witnessed in a meaturopolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any  ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it struckt me of course being e stranger in the place with considerable stonishment to here voices like those one naturalleexpect to here only an great churcghes ore consets at such i mating is this
	layer_4: its struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to heare voices like those one naturally expects to heare only in great churches or conceorts at such a meting is this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concercts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister macktswel spoke ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepaired to go but he soken at peculiarly sensitivf maner of the affect of the licker bistines s on ae lives ip manand womin like this ane
	layer_4: mister max well spoke of the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepaired to go but he spokeen a peculiarly sensitiv manner of the effect of the liker business on the lives at men and women like this one
	layer_6: mister maxwell spoke of the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liqueor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of course being araior ad town an the center of the great packing interois for the s regien is full of solonce
	layer_4: rament of course being arailrod town and the centere of the great packing interest for this region is full of saloonts
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of salons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interest for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the center of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then followed what was perhaps the qreer part of the strange srvice
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of the strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the simplist and at the same time one of the most himpressivfsigtes i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessd
	layer_6: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there must hav been a hundred of these wloman and i was told many of them had been con verted at the meding stjust recently
	layer_4: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nex moment he fell bak in amazement befoe the impetuous rush of a story eid flush cheekd eyoung rom an who demanted
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheek teyoung woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheek h young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where ise peat miss billy gased the od man
	layer_4: wherae is he pet missbillye gasked the old man
	layer_6: where is he pet miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: and han is scheekes too where flushed and heryes story but with dismay and anger the last because she did not wlike the way pet had said miss billie's name
	layer_4: ant han as cheeks too were flushed ind her yes starry but with dismay an anger the last because she did not like the way peathad said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannas cheeks too were flushed an her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheek's too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for her to object to thes thing villy was doing but quiete adnother for peak to do it of course its she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to the thing billy was doing but quit another for peat to do it of course its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peak to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peque to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorted ant hannatestilly as if you your selft in bring her her with your crasy messages it this time of night pet wereisy
	layer_4: retorted an't hannatestily as if you yourselfden bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pat weriousee
	layer_6: retorted aunt hannatestily as if you yourself ton' bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pet where is he
	layer_8: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int er pose bily tell mister ber tro mi am heer or wait i'll l ritid itsorpriseont
	layer_4: interposed billy tell mister berto my am here or wat i'll go rited ind surpriseen
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister bertrmy am here or wait i'll go wrightet and surprise him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go wright in and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not eveen glance wor ant hana
	layer_4: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not eveen glanced owardaunthanna
	layer_6: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance tward aunt hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance towards aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance towards aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss billy miss billy youre an angje'l straikefrom havn you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billye miss billy your an angel strihe from heaven you aree you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billyyur an angel straight from heaven you aren you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you aret you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you aren' you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you aren' you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: itt'll be all righte now all right hesin the dend miss pilly
	layer_4: it'll be all righte n ow all right he' son the den miss billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he'sen the dean miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: veily turne eagerly but before she could take so much as onceteptowhered the doorat the andeo the hal ant hanas indignant voice u restid her belle stope
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take som much as once dep oward the door at the end of the hall ant hannhas indignant voice errested her billiys stope
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take some much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step towards the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat go tellg your master that we or here and ask if hoeu will receive us peace lips twitched
	layer_4: pet go tell your master that we ar here and ask if he will receive us pets lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us petslips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peates lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peat's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peat's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face ws predo naturally grave when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was preter nanturally grave when he spok
	layer_6: but his face was preter naturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fying fit your brushd by him and fell oni sesd by the cout with he low cry burtruims eyes flew open
	layer_4: a flying fig youre brushed by him and fell onit seesed by the coutch with a low cry birtcrams eyes flew open
	layer_6: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seiz by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seiz by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found id thera minut later polishing a silfrtespon with a fringh napkin that had been spread over burcterumstry
	layer_4: donling found him their aminute later polishing a silver tesboon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over brchrm s tra
	layer_6: dolling found him there a minutelater polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringh napkin that had been spread over berthroms tray
	layer_8: do lyng found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: donlyng found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: donlyng found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall above than't hanna was crying into will um sgriy lin andduster that hung on the hall rack ant han is hankracivf was on the flor back it heil seid
	layer_4: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into wiliams graylin ind duster that hung on the hall rack ant han his handkerchief was on the floor backet helside
	layer_6: in the hall above aunt hanno was crying into william's grey lyn and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor backet helside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hell side
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gradwally it dondover then that theire was after all something strange and on exlained  d itall
	layer_4: then very gradually it daundt over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it it all
	layer_6: then very gradually it donet over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_12: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make ure that she was here like this he de her evend closor burtamn was so thanktful thitde did have one arm that wos usable
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he de her even closer burt im was so thankful that e id have one arm that was usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer bertan was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why o of course stamred billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_4: why of of course stamoured billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why o of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why  of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: temanded bur rom angry and mistifid
	layer_4: demainded berh rom angry and mistirfied
	layer_6: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not painting again you d'n understhand pete dary
	layer_4: as for my not painting again you din't understand peat duary
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pet deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dariy
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearriy
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearrie

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puled her self half away from brithhims ind sircling orm
	layer_4: she pulld herself half away from brichrims and circkling arm
	layer_6: she pulled herself half away from brigrams in circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bridgram's en circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from brigram's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bredgram's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bily dyou a quivering sig
	layer_4: billy dyou a quivering saigh
	layer_6: billyed you a quivering sigh
	layer_8: billied drew a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billy drew a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good haveens hs tatin this too burcums voice was savage now
	layer_4: good heavens is cat on this too berchrum's voice wath savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is katin this too bertram's voice wath savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kateen this too bertramd's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: well shee roed a letter
	layer_4: well she rote a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: billy laught galy but she shifted her position and did not met herloversis
	layer_4: billy lauged gaily but she shifted her position and did not met her lover's eys
	layer_6: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think foa minute billy that syou cared for him
	layer_4: and you never dod think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not ben slow o markkets with lowering i hor isledts
	layer_4: he had not been slow to mark hes with lowering of her islads
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swith lowering of her eyelids
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: bille was so glad buirtrima turnd the question on huarelovfe instead of ourcrits
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtram a turned the question on herlove in stead of ork writs
	layer_6: billy was so glad berthram had turned the question on herlove instead of arkrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: aftera minute bily stired and side hapfly
	layer_4: after a minute billy stirred and side halfily
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred an sighe halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred andsighed halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn in love with mister arcrit
	layer_4: you see i wasn't and love with mister or cright
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ark cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkkwrygt
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and you didn't car spacial lyfort form miss winte
	layer_4: and and you didn't careit special leye for for mis wintre
	layer_6: and and you didn't care it specially for from miss wintrb
	layer_8: and and you didn't care it specially for from miss win trop
	layer_10: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss wintrap
	layer_12: and and you didn't care it especially for for miss wintrop

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: billy put a soting er on his lips
	layer_4: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: viurterb kisset the fhinger ns ofbsidet h he comminit
	layer_4: berturbe kissed the fingerands ubsided  he comt minute
	layer_6: vertab kissed the finger andsubsided umhe comt minute
	layer_8: bertrab kissed the finger and subsid it humhe catmentet
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided hmph he commented
	layer_12: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: while what is tha as that kate to dhe manded burtrim grimly
	layer_4: while what is that is that cate too demanded brtrom grimly
	layer_6: wele what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that as that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that as that kate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was another silence then suddenly brch ruim stird
	layer_4: there as a nother silence then suddenly birchrim stired
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly bertcham stied
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berthram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he a nounced decisively
	layer_4: billy i'm going a merry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you tomorrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't kno as i cantrust you hout o my sight till then you'll red something or hear something wor got a letter from cate after breakfas to mar morning that wil sec you saving me agin and idon't want to be sayed that way
	layer_4: i don't know as i can trust you ou o my sight till then you'll read something our hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morw morning that will seth you' saving me again and i don't want to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i can trust you out o my sight till then you'll read something or heare something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: i'm going ta mary you to morrow i'l get he stopd horit with ta suddent rown com found that ly forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to merry you to morrow i'll get he stoppd shorit with a sudden frown ci' found that lwy forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden grown con found that lawy forgot
	layer_8: i 'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden grown confound that l i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you tomorrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: fiv dasindeed sir
	layer_4: five days indeed sir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i wonder you think i can get ready to be marrid and five days
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married im five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't wan shou to gite ready retorted burchrim promtly i saw mare at radyand i had all i wantet of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gite ready retorted bertram promtly i saw mariyit ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_6: don't want you to gete ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw mariee get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy must have al tos miles of table closs and napkins and doylies and lactsruftlings wil do at afterwards not before but
	layer_4: if you really must have allthose miles of table closhs and napkins and doylis and lace ruphlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have allthose miles of table cloths and napkins and doylies and lace rougflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besiedes i nedg you to take care of me cu inburkc um craftly
	layer_4: besides i need you to take care of me cut imberchram craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cutembertram craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender glow one billys face told it sown story and brhamseager eyese were not slowt o idit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billy's faced told it s own story and birchram'seager eyes were not sload of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berthram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swe t art see her dear he cried softly tightening his good befht oarm
	layer_4: swet eart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_6: sweet eart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: buleley my deher
	layer_4: billi my da er
	layer_6: billy my deaer
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant hannast plaint idvoice ith the doorway al litta later
	layer_4: it was aunt hannas plainted voice at the doorway little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hanna's plaintid voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homeand will hoe mas here too and onst to see you
	layer_4: we must go home and will you mas here two and ons to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and will u e is heare two and wants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and willum is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you man it to be befor actober
	layer_4: you man it'l be before octovber
	layer_6: you mean ite'll be before ocxtober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han a glans from ane to the other oncertainly
	layer_4: aunt han a glanced from one to the other oncertainly
	layer_6: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noded billy to mearly
	layer_4: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_6: yes noded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_10: yes nodded billye demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi no that is a good wile cut in berthrmearely
	layer_4: yes i now that is a good while cut in berchramerily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthremarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertrammarrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wonded it tomorow but whe had t awat on accoun of the new licons lae
	layer_4: we wandted it tomorrow but we had oweiht on acout of the new liceenela
	layer_6: we wanted it tomorrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenclaw
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenselaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenselaw
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenselaw

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: in mig res an travelts ind the vest i felt that out ther freedom as an idoea has becom feeboee and enefactual
	layer_4: in my reasen travells in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea has becom feble and inifactual
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my reasent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my reason travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my reason travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the fame thing ofs havein know whith the pepl of the rest
	layer_4: the fam thing as havning know with the peple of the rest
	layer_6: the fame thing is havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the sfame thing is happening now with the people of the rest
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: the aflatterd into bleving that they a free and they haved the soveren pay in the hans
	layer_4: they ha flattered into believing that they afree and they have the soverin paw in the hans
	layer_6: they areflattered into believing that they arefree and they have the sovereign pawr in their hands
	layer_8: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: uth it has become more and more evdinto me that thar idel of freedhom hats gron thenuous in the at mosfer of the vest
	layer_4: thus it has become more and more evten to me that the ideal o freedom has grown tenuous in the atmoshere of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more ebitent to me that the ideal of freedom hath grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom hash grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintallity afs that of erslave ownin community but cammuwtlated mat turd of men ty to adscommotial and pilitigal treadme
	layer_4: the mintality as that of heslave own ing community buth tha mutalated maltiturd of men tied to atscommotial and piliticual treadmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that of a slave owning community with ommutilated maltiturd of men tied to itscommotial and pelitical treadmill
	layer_8: the mentality as that of a slave ownin community wike a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotioal and political treadmill
	layer_10: the mentality is that of a slave owning community like a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality is that of a slave owning community like a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who cas to havs leaes must chan him self to them he who biltes wals to greead exclution for others anbit lswols ecross eson fredon he hod dis trus freedhem in athers lonseses marel right to it
	layer_4: he who cas to hoves laves must chan himself to them he who bilts walls to creeate exclution for others abills walls ecross he son freaden he who distrus freethem inothers loseses morled wright to it
	layer_6: he who cars to havese laves must chain himself to them he who builts walls to createxclusion for others billts wlls across thes own fredon he who distrust freedom in others lunceses morled wright to it
	layer_8: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who buildts walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moreld right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moelled right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others looses his modelled right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hand theyquied a true loge a fritim
	layer_4: ham they ecquiret a true lough of freetom
	layer_6: han they acquired ar true logh of freedtom
	layer_8: hamd they acquired a true logve of freedom
	layer_10: had they acquired a true logve of freedom
	layer_12: had they acquired a true loge of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great a pik uof ter sal of er people the mher parrither givfcis abon t fl vaision of an evreflowing life foul af the freedom of inquiry and expareament
	layer_4: the great apick of ther selvl of her people the maherpirther givsis abountiful vision of an everflowing life full af ther freedom of inquiry and expariment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sel of her people the maher parator giveses abundiful vision of an overflowing life full ofthe freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epic of the cel of her people the maharpartor gives us a boundeful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the col of her people the maharparta gives us a bonteiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soul of her people the mahaparta gives us a bontiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: then the aige of the booder kame hemanity was tod in or country to its attemlstep
	layer_4: than the age of the bouder came he manity was tod in ou country to its attermal steph
	layer_6: when the age of the booder came chumanity was tard in our country to its atermal step
	layer_8: when the age of the buder came humanity was tord in our country to its attermal depth
	layer_10: when the age of the buddher came humanity was toed in our country to its atermal stepth
	layer_12: when the age of the buddher came humanity was toud in our country to its atermal stepth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardnd int aneaige of e not construction
	layer_4: it houdend into an age of inote construction
	layer_6: it hourdened into an age of inote construction
	layer_8: it hordened into an age of inoe construction
	layer_10: it hodened into an age of enote construction
	layer_12: it hodened into an age of enote construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: the ogany cunity of hr tvheiryat and ulastic ecity gae wy to convenghional ader whits proed ats aurtficial carater by td e nextthrabel of exclution
	layer_4: the auganicunity of ar verid and ellastic society gave way to conventional oder whith proed it aurtificial carater by it e nextrable law of exclution
	layer_6: the oganicunity of a varid and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordar wich prode it artificial character by it inex rable law of exclusion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a variened and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by it iexrable law of exclosion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclosion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclosion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha thet f inyqualities i hadmit but bear natfou and er and harmly with u vitl funtions
	layer_4: life hath it  anly qualities i hadmit but baer natul and e and hurmny with eu viteale functionse
	layer_6: life hath id anequalities i admit but beyr naturl and er and harmny with hour vital functions
	layer_8: life hath it inequalities i admit but bear natural and ar and harmny with our vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it inequalities i admit but bar natural and ar and harmony with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it inequalities i admit but bar natural and ar and harmony with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: mbyst quesing himan beings in the greap of an ine lasticcystiam and forsibly herlding them fixd me har i nod the los of live an grot
	layer_4: by squeeasing himan beings in the grip of an ini lastic systom and falsibly herlding them fexed be have igcnoed the laws of live and growtdh
	layer_6: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsively hurlding them fexed wey have ignoed the laws of life and graut
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the gripe of an enelastic system and falsively hurlding them fixed wey have ignored the laws of life and grout
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an enelastic system and fulsively hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grilt
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an enelastic system and fulsively hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and grilt

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be hare forcet living sae into a pomn and pat ivity madking them inkep abl of molding sircumnsthence to thearle intranceic designe and of mastring therown destne
	layer_4: wbe have forced living soels into appoman and pasivity madting them in ceapabl of moding cicumsthance to teyroe intransic design and of mastering therown destone
	layer_6: we have forced living seurls into a pomenant passivity making them incapable of molding cilrcumstance to their ow intransic de sign and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_8: we have forced living cevils into a pomenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intransic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_10: we have forced living cerils into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_12: we have forced living serils into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: asd yu  befaction has becomso asolute that be do not ivn relice that thes pesistan mitsfortun darging us chepsfulr agus cannot be of mr accigend of histry rem obe only by enother axciden from oud side
	layer_4: asktyou efactione has become so afsolute that be do not iven realice that this pesisten misfortune darging us chaps ful ages cannot be o mere accident of history remoe o e only by another axcident from outside
	layer_6: asd tupyfactione has becomes so absolute that we do not even realise that this posist ant misfortune dagging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: ustufifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistant misfortune dogging us ches for ages cannot be o mere accident of history remoable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this persistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: the  vll be incapaber of heding arcjhust fredem in parliticgs and afigting and freed imscause
	layer_4: there vwill by in capab of holding ar just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedom scause
	layer_6: there will be incapable of hulding ar just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedoms cause
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_10: thery will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting an freedom's cause
	layer_12: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting an freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: i tre presense the acti aspyctifinoture which haster appurences of fredum but noteds trut mand therefl gifsrice to slavery thougth within its pontryse en outside
	layer_4: hit  re presense the active aspect of inotia which has the appurance of freedom but notedts truth and therefore gives rice to slavery thougth with hin its pountries an outside
	layer_6: it trepresens the active aspect of enotae which has the apparance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery dhouth withhin its pounrys and outside
	layer_8: it represents the active aspect of inatiu which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doath within its bountaries and outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inetia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doath within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doath within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at thefoot of wooman that be la the lorrstat iththout hes mile would never ha been gained it isser immage det strins dhelier of the pot that an meade s of waise in the blateh of eli quonfaction and guid so dran in the a gse tols oftatly conselrgs
	layer_4: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawos that bithout hes mile would never hav been gained it is a immaged that strings dheliare of the poit that anmads ae vaise in the blace of eliquenfaction and guideso drain in the alges toles of stately councers
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be laid the lawrus that without hersmile would never have been gained it is a imaged that strings te liare of the poit that anemads a voice in the blace of elequent faction and guides of drain in the august toils ofs tately councels
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strings the lire of the poet that animades or voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates o voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the law rus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates o voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately counsels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: isday no hel fort themn so full evf helpe
	layer_4: asday no hop for them so full ave holp
	layer_6: a tay no hop for them so full of help
	layer_8: a stay no hope for them so full of help
	layer_10: estar no hope for them so full of hep
	layer_12: estare no hope for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it maks the hartaue but topictur suth risisity s to they imagination
	layer_4: it meks the heardtace but to picture such visisitl to ther immagination
	layer_6: it mekes the heartache but to picture such meciscitelds to their imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecissitls to thir imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitils to ther imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such necessitials to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such changes cinacor flicts eolverh the mind like the tought of deat o scorring allar gav fanfiece buth its bad like ing and tanding the hellly adnofere of her happness wut its venamous expirations
	layer_4: the nowledged that such changes kin er co flits over the mind like the thought of deabth it scaring all o gave fandfhes bith its bad like wing and changing the heldy atnofhure of her happness bith its venemous experations
	layer_6: deknowledge that such changes kan occur flits over the mind like the thought of death ascuring aller gayve fanpies bith its batlike wing and chainging the heldy atmopher of her happness with its venomous expirations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death etscuring all our gay fanpies with its bat like wing and changing the healdy atmopher of her happness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death abscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: myn els
	layer_4: mye elns
	layer_6: mine ownes
	layer_8: mine ownes
	layer_10: mine owns
	layer_12: mine owns

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: woted at cutido
	layer_4: watead at cout y dome
	layer_6: mo dead what kot yu dom
	layer_8: wat dead what cut yeudoom
	layer_10: mo dead what court yedoom
	layer_12: mo dead what cout yedoom

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i' bitokbot my cheam ber liket a filyd bod in te cage
	layer_4: i bit ebot my chamber like a filly bord in the cage
	layer_6: i bet about my chamber like a fily bard in the cage
	layer_8: i bit about my chamber like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_10: i bet about my chamber like a filly board in a cage
	layer_12: i bet about my chamber like a filly board in a cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do not think of mov in to day
	layer_4: do not think of morvinto day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to not keep the messingur n instnt
	layer_4: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: sh eu s onh my poe
	layer_4: chs aunt my poy
	layer_6: kis on my ponly
	layer_8: ks on my pony
	layer_10: ks on my pony
	layer_12: kus on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right onle one wod to yo romn hen greate
	layer_4: right nly one word to yeur rom hen greitil
	layer_6: rigt only one word to your rem hengriatal
	layer_8: write only one word to your realm hengreatl
	layer_10: write only one word to your realm henriattel
	layer_12: write only one word to your realm henriattel

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fornent to henredte
	layer_4: folnant to hen reto
	layer_6: furdinant to henriter
	layer_8: forldnante to henriter
	layer_10: faldnant to henritta
	layer_12: faldinant to henrietta

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: got less you my hen reater i beloered wmy masedless hen greater
	layer_4: got less you my hnd reter i belovered my matscheless hend reter
	layer_6: godless you my henrater my belovered my macheless hanriater
	layer_8: god less you my henriator my belovered my matchless hendriator
	layer_10: godbless you my henriator my beloved my matchless henriator
	layer_12: god bless you my henriator my beloved my matchless henriator

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wod has that fheoration not cos me
	layer_4: wot has that fe ration not cas me
	layer_6: whot has ded feveration not cast me
	layer_8: whoaut has dead federation not cast me
	layer_10: would has ded fetperation not cast me
	layer_12: would has deid feteration not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pang tatd i could not confive any humand rihsry c od eccasion
	layer_4: pangsthat i could not coneive ana human withry coudoccasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conceive in a human wihzry could occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive any human mytery could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human mysery could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human mysery could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i olht to be greatfur that he was aninjhur last night
	layer_4: and yet i ought to be greateful that he was anin cured last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unencured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unensured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninsured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unindured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i dhed not now ohn how foolish awas
	layer_4: i deare not now own how fool ish i was
	layer_6: i dar not know own how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be angreeveit be hen reater but im now es about coneeling a ingazemen tfrompapea
	layer_4: di not be angre with yau hen riator but i'm nevers about conceeling a engagemen frompapa
	layer_6: di not be angry with your henriator but i'm novous about conceeling her engagemen from pepa
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henriater but i am neorvous about concealing eur engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with you henriattte but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with you henriettte but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dayse mounts te laves before you canreate pouth and they now fordenent i know your affi ses more tifficult then you rill confess
	layer_4: days mush the laps before you can rec bouth and thy kno fordinent i know your officis more tifficult than you will confess
	layer_6: days mucht alaps before you can reach bouth and i no fordnate i know your offices more difficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days must elapse before you can reach bauth and i know fordnate i know your offic es more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can read bath and i know fordnate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can read bauth and i know fordunante i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: butd come bact my on as son as hyeu gan and right to me ad the pols haffice as yheu sattled
	layer_4: but come back my own as soon as he gan and rihte to me ant the pils chaffice as yheu settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as you can and rit to me at the pist chaffhis as you settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as youesettled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the consciousneh thatc our so ne mikes min restless
	layer_4: the counscious neth that youre so near mikes men restless
	layer_6: the counscious neste that you re so near mikes men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that youare so near mix me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that you so near makes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that you so near makes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i wvishd to meet him but thath much commenesse af hican commond
	layer_4: i wish to meet him wuth thas much comnescs af thi can commond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him wuth tas much comness as i can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him with  as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the pradsanhits there he had fallin with the flax stavfing his hand laprencs antrablgonsky blading frofusly and and consciestly autring harentle pitoers and thilake moom
	layer_4: on the pradson heihts where he had falling with the flack sthalf in his hand layprence an drouble konsky bleeading frfusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chil like monm
	layer_6: on the pradson heits where he had fallen with the flak starfin his hand laprince and rublekonsky leading profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chillike moan
	layer_8: on the pradsan hits where he had fallen with the flag staff in his hand laprince and drubolkonsky leeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike mon
	layer_10: on the pradsand hihts where he had fallen with the flag stafft in his hand lay prince and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chillike mon
	layer_12: on the prads and hits where he had fallen with the flag staff in his hand lay prince and ru bolokonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chillike mon

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sord inly he a gine fel that he ous alife and saftering from a boning lasreting ben in his head
	layer_4: sarenly he again felld that he was alive and suftering from aboning las rating bain in his head
	layer_6: surtainly he again fell that he was alive and sufering from a burning last rating pain in his head
	layer_8: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lasrating pain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: whas his firsed thought
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: hei fe bly mornd hish leg and artered oveu sikly gron wit aaused histown pity
	layer_4: he fably mon his leg and attered o weque sickly grown which arroused his own pitty
	layer_6: he fably moone his leg and uttered a weak sickly growan which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he fably mooned his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lif thes young menup and carry him to the dressin station
	layer_4: lif this young men up and cary him to the dressing station
	layer_6: lifthis young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lifthis young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young men up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: prin an drurymemberd nothing moe he loast consciouth nestrom the tarable pen of being lifted oun to the s treture the jilding ril being mood and the prloing of his woon at the drathenstation
	layer_4: prinfand drere membered nothing moe he loust consciousnes from the terible pain of being lifted oun to thestratcher the jolding wvie being mood and the probing of his woon at the dressingstation
	layer_6: prync andruw remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted ount to the stretchure the jolding while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_8: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted o to the streatcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretche the jolting while being mooned and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretche the jolting while being mooned and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yoring this transfor he fell a littes tronger and was abl to look about him and even speak
	layer_4: erding this transfor he felled a littles tronger and was able to look about him and evens feak
	layer_6: yuring this transfer he fellt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he askd onseeing the prhisnes
	layer_4: he asked on seeing the prisness
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i commanded is cordrun rheplid racmon
	layer_4: i commondedt his cordron treplied ratnin
	layer_6: i commanded his corldiron replied retnen
	layer_8: i commanded his coldron replied retnan
	layer_10: i commanded his quardron replied retmen
	layer_12: i commanded his quardron replied etmen

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prancrenen named leternin suftelen
	layer_4: perince renan named leftern in sutelin
	layer_6: prince repnon named lefternin sotelin
	layer_8: prince repnan named leutenin sotelen
	layer_10: prince repnen named lieutennen zotelen
	layer_12: prince repnen named lieutenen zoutelen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: afte looking at him nipolin smild
	layer_4: after looking it him nippolin smiled
	layer_6: after looking at him nipoleon smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youd thas new hantrans to carage mature sutelen in y failing woice
	layer_4: you thoes no hintrance to carrage matterd sutellin in a failing vise
	layer_6: you thoes no hintrance to courage matered sucktelen in a failing voice
	layer_8: you hes no hintrance to courage muttered suctellon in a failing voice
	layer_10: you theres no hindrance to courage muttered sutelan in a failing voice
	layer_12: you there's no hindrance to courage muttered sutelan in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splainded re li said ne polin
	layer_4: a splanded rih ly said ne palin
	layer_6: a splendid reply said nepoling
	layer_8: a splendid reply said napolone
	layer_10: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_12: a splendid reply said napoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandrl whed oll sthe ben broaght forwert before the mpureseyce to complet the show of trisnus cod not fal  attracktive ittention
	layer_4: prn sandrew wh ad allsol been brought forward before the empertherseys to complete the show of prisners could not fail to attractie attention
	layer_6: prynsandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of brisners could not fail to attracthie attention
	layer_8: princ andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of brisoners could not fail to attract hise attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoner's could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: hisfaith shown with el autifaction and lasu
	layer_4: his fathe shown with selsatasfaction and pleasure
	layer_6: his face showne with sel satisfaction and plesure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the sozes hehecari fren sandr had notesd and taken the little gold y con frinces mary had hung rown her brathers nik but seeing the faevore the ampera showed the frisners the r know hasind to returned the holy enage
	layer_4: the soljers wh ee carrried frens andrew had noticd and taken the little gold eycon trincess mary had hung rown her brother's neck but seeing the favore the empera showed the prisoners their know hasened to returne the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers we ad carried friencs andrew had noticed and taken the little gold ie con princes's mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperoes showed the prisoners there now hasened to return the wholy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prince an tru did not sea ow in by hom itusrieplacst but the little y con with its tin gold chan sutingly appered upon his chest out side his youn form
	layer_4: prince and drew did not see how and by whom it woasreplaced but the little ei cown with its sain gold chain sadinly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_6: brince and rewe did not see how an by whom it was repplaced but the little ei con with its sin gold chain sudenly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how goodithard be to tno tvhere t see or heal in thi slife and wat eexpecd aftert beyond the grea
	layer_4: how good it oard be to kno vere to seek for help in this life and walto expect after it beyond the gream
	layer_6: how god it had be to know where to seek for help in this life and wahtoe expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_8: how goold it had be to know where to seek for help in this life and whaht twe expect after it beyond the grae
	layer_10: how gouold it d be to know where to seek for help in this life and what we expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it 'd be to know where to seek for help in this life and what we expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap pe an cal y should be if i good no se lowrd hav mosy on me
	layer_4: how happyan calm i should be if i good now see lord have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calm i should be if i good now see lod have mocy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i there toweapoe indefyina bo in com behandsibe which i notnly cannot a tress but witch a canno even extress in woards the greate al or nothing saic he to him self a to that god who has been son into this ammulit by mary
	layer_4: either twapow in definabe in comeplehendsible which i no tuntly cannod at tress but which i cannot even express in wods the great all or nothing said he to himself ag to that god who has been soln into this amulet by mary
	layer_6: either toappow indefinable incomplehensible which i notoonely cannot itress but which i cannot even express im bords the great oll or nothing said he to himself ogh to that god who has been son into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to epower indefinable incomprehensible which i notunally cannot entress but which i cannot even express in words the great ol or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to e bower indefinable incomprehensible which i notunally cannot entres but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sold into this amulete by mary
	layer_12: either to a bower indefinable incomprehensible which i notunally cannot edtrass but which i cannot even express in words the great oll or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sold into this amulete by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: this traters mood on
	layer_4: the strateres mod on
	layer_6: the strachers mooed on
	layer_8: the stretchers mooved on
	layer_10: the strethers moved on
	layer_12: the stretchers moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit ome life and peceful happiness of bold hils pesended it selfe to him
	layer_4: the quit home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of balld hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: key i the noves peli a subjit said lariy and the lnot ry cover
	layer_4: key if the nervous pelius subject said lay and the lout ry cover
	layer_6: key is the nervous belia subject said larri and willout recover
	layer_8: key is the nervous bali subject said larri and willot recover
	layer_10: key is the nervous biliu subject said larri and will not recover
	layer_12: key is the nervous biliu subject said larry and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: thart twosor you ril ovf coute un to take
	layer_4: theart to saw you will of chouse und to take
	layer_6: there too sow you will ofe cose untotake
	layer_8: there too sa you will of course undertake
	layer_10: there too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: there too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: then something hos happan he has somespecial infamation some great nus
	layer_4: then something has happened he has some special infarmation some great newse
	layer_6: than something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen block it ared it was eveden tat someting had gonedrong wih him
	layer_4: wun blarckep yeared it was evbden hat something had goned wrong with him
	layer_6: when block eppeared it was evdent that something had gone wron with him
	layer_8: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone round with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wround with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrond with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jiswand he most waned him neve
	layer_4: gone now justfind he most worned him never
	layer_6: gone now just eind he most warned him never
	layer_8: gone now cesbrinde most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now jespindy most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now jesbindy most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eitiat trebe eitit
	layer_4: itiat tripl eitiat
	layer_6: etiot triple edit
	layer_8: itiot triple eidiet
	layer_10: ediot tripl ediet
	layer_12: aediot tripl ediot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shall be dismist dis chiarcs from the sa youra a discrase to the force
	layer_4: you shall be dismissed dischargeh from the sow yu a discrase to the force
	layer_6: you shall be dismisnsed discharge from the sa you ar a discrase to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sawr you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the saw you hare a disgrace to the force
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from thesaw you hare a disgrace to the force

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that orl you greatk glut mei
	layer_4: it is that ol you great gluth me
	layer_6: it is that o you great glut me
	layer_8: it is that o your great glut me
	layer_10: it is that or you great gluto me
	layer_12: it is that or your great glutto me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentle m in meade himsets nos pleasand
	layer_4: my centleman mad himsels nos dleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himselef no s pleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself nosspleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself most pleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: belat any rate fulr my sein axceted
	layer_4: bell it ainy ratefor my sincse i eccepted
	layer_6: bellat any raid for my since i accepted
	layer_8: bell at any rae for my since i accepted
	layer_10: belle at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: belle at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we aentered the forst restrond that of the reenito traencs i nknow it perhaps missi
	layer_4: we entered the first restron that of the reinigto trense i know it perhaps mssia
	layer_6: we entered the first restauron that of the reenite trans eknow it perhaps mesier
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trance ye knew it perhaps messie
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants e know it perhaps messie
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants ye know it perhaps messie

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no feare of him not to the velry last whand he plad me thef ebor turne
	layer_4: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he plad me thaf eble ton
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not tillthe very last when he playd me thif eble turn
	layer_8: i had no fear of him  not till the very last when he played me the febile turn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i suspectrn nothing man hy brought out his pocket book it woas tuftd fur th mass iye i thug that and my conriancshing creased calld for the reckening and pabeit tan eitailin band nod
	layer_4: i suspectod nothing when hy brught out his pocket book it was tafed for the nessie i thowh that and my contrance ing creased calle for the reckening and pabrt than i tarlin bandnet
	layer_6: i suspectod nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tuged for the messier i shaw that and my contrance increased called for the reckoning and pavet than etalian bandnete
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tougghetd for the messer i saw that and my conference increased called for the reckoning and pab it tan italian band note
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for the messier i saw that and my conference increased called for the reckoning and paybet an italian band note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for the messier i saw that and my conference increased called for the reckoning and pay et an italian band note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excus bme one moman pra
	layer_4: exculsd be one noment pray
	layer_6: excuse me one noment pray
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bent otd mesye and pi baf he was no more to be ceen
	layer_4: he ent out methier and pif af he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he bent out methier and piffh aff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out mathier and piff paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out matthe and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out matthe and piff paff he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: why lethim out of he sit
	layer_4: why let him out of hi siht
	layer_6: why let him out of his sight
	layer_8: why let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: it was only know at the leiben thou that the ailelin had becom inclpated and the qurestion of his paossible anxie tegor has geyp had never being considert
	layer_4: it was only know at the levend thow that the tirlin had become incle pated and the question of his passible anxiet eto hus geep had never been considut
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven thou that they darlin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considert
	layer_8: it was only now at the leventh hour that the tarlin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the atalint had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the tarlint had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: she leftd eresting behind
	layer_4: he left everyting behind
	layer_6: he left everything behind
	layer_8: he left everything behind
	layer_10: he left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handd to me said the chiief and rena game into his hans he began to tu n over the liav's howlidly
	layer_4: handed to me said the chief and whenet came into his hands he began to turn over the liefs horgriedly
	layer_6: handed to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leavfs hariedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i do not undistand not mor then a word herdand there
	layer_4: i do not andistand not more then a word herean there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doudytalim
	layer_4: it is no douty tall hin
	layer_6: it is no doughty talin
	layer_8: it is no doubhty talin
	layer_10: it is no doughty talion
	layer_12: it is no dought y talion

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of cor such a consymite as as you have frod yourself would not think of seaching the res tran o he inmmeedid neighbehod or of making enquiries as tovether he had been seen wor as to wrhich were he had gon
	layer_4: of cou such a consimite as as you have prud yourself would not think of seaching the restran or the immeeded neighborhot or of making in quie es as to veadher he had been seen or as to wrhich were he had gone
	layer_6: of couse such a consemite as as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the restrant or the immediate neighborhoo or of making inquiries as to wether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consumite ass as you have pruled yourself would not think of searching the resturant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as towhether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consummate as as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which weye he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consummate as as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was the not for t ha hundred eliearrer a hundred frangs and the reathstron bilost new more than emventeen frans her
	layer_4: it was the note for ha hundred lerror a hundred frangs and the rethtron biyllos no more than seventeen frangs har
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lro a hundred francs and the restrone belows no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred liro a hundred francs and the wrestran be lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred lira a hundred francs and the restauran be lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred lira a hundred francs and the restaurant be lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wasmuch pressed in a great howrry
	layer_4: he was much gressed in a great hurry
	layer_6: he was much cressed in a great hurry
	layer_8: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: directtlhy he crofh the thrysheld he callie the firstcat and was dryv novy but he was tet the deaver
	layer_4: directly he crath the threshelt he called the first cap and was driving ovi but he was taled the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crathed the threshelt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was taped the deavor
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was taed the devil
	layer_10: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was tarpt the devil
	layer_12: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was tort the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: cuwished to par son to leave her she would not conhendt then they boate garing to the cap and edrievenef i togeter
	layer_4: kuwishe to pasr son to leave her she would not conent then they boath guard into the cap and wer drieven of itogether
	layer_6: ci wished to passon to leave her she would not consent then they both guadinto the cab and were dreven a ith ogether
	layer_8: ke wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both guat into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_10: e wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_12: khe wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but dis ti hosd so wid dispret wa ks in my heart an diubt and drad lest triat ening rarmar goodand crat iltartsdi jahnis tim ad
	layer_4: but dis di host so wide dispred wakes in my heart ane dout and rad lest tradtening rama good and grate ill tarts dijahnis timil ate
	layer_6: but dis di host so wide dispred wakes in my heart one doubt and dred lest traddening rama good and grat ill tarts di jahny's timole atd
	layer_8: but tis i host so wide dispreat wakes in my heart one doubt and red lest tridoning rama good and great ill tarts dijanys timol at
	layer_10: but dis dy host so wild dispret wakes in my heart one doubt and red lest tridoning rama good and great ill tarts dijani's timol eight
	layer_12: but dis di host so wild dispret wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest triadoning rama good and great ill tarts dijoni's timol eight

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: he is my elest proader he is leike ifad ert hear to me
	layer_4: e is my eldest proder he is leke a fadat e a to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest brade he is like a fadat he ear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest prado he is like a fadort h re to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest brade he is like a fadhe  year to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest brado he is like a fadher d year to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i coe toled my broad ar dens ho makes o woard his grecidins
	layer_4: i co to lead my broud or dance who makes a wad his recedens
	layer_6: i ko to lead my broad ar dence whomakes oward his recidence
	layer_8: i go to lead my brod ardence who makes towoord his recidence
	layer_10: i go to lead my broad ardance who makes tawoard his recidence
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad ardance who makes tawoord his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: no tard but disti hard should fram the simpldrt my lepesproklame
	layer_4: no tard but dhisti hard should fram the simpl trut by leaps brock am
	layer_6: no tart but disdy heart should fram the simple trute my leaps brock lam
	layer_8: no tart but dis thy heart should frame the simple truth my leips brocklam
	layer_10: no tart but tis thy heart should frame thes simple truth my leips procclame
	layer_12: no tart but tis thy heart should frame thes simple truth my lips proclame

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo hr dos and vrat eagh to ades poke in prentlyss pege the day gord sankuit gloy dead and night ovfe all dis kygh was prad
	layer_4: as go ha does and vorat each to arders poke in friendlys pge the day gard sanquit glowry dead and night over all thiskhigh was prad
	layer_6: as go har does and varad eacghe to ados poke in friendlesspige the day guard sanquit glory dead and night over all the ski was prayed
	layer_8: as gohadaz and vorat agh to ardo spoke in friendless page the dagard sanquede glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed
	layer_10: as gohadaz and voradt ige to arda spoke in friendless page the dagard sanquit glory dead and night over all the sky was prayred
	layer_12: as gohadaz and voradt age to ardar spoke in friendless page the dagards sanquiteo glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: soon as king o has tat fule care had quutat all the army dar well on at wvore ot lame his head betsit se truna on abed
	layer_4: soon as king o has taugtful care had cuart at all the armidar well honud woreot laved his head beside se rokna honabed
	layer_6: soon as king ho has taughtful care had qurt at all the armider well honored worout laide his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kinggo has thoughtful care had court at all the armider well honored barrout laid his head beside setrogna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as king guhas thoughtful care had curt at all the armidere well honoured warrolt laid his head besides atruvna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king ghohas thoughtful care had court at all the armi dere well honoured warrolt laid his head besides satruvna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thoue signg and dhistrest and misery and be ta greve ould fe wuld heart dat morekedrelive thistrectat in his mind the chee stil mond and fount no reist
	layer_4: ther syging and thistrest end misery an bea tergrieve wid fewoured heart dad morked relieve this stracted in his mind the che still mond and found no rest
	layer_6: thue sighing and tdistrest in misery and beet a griev would fevord heart dead marked relieve tdhestracted in his mind the chief still moned and found no rest
	layer_8: ther sighing and distressed in misery and beat a grieve with fevoeured heart dhead mocked relieve distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_10: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beat er griefe with fevered heart dead mocked reliefe distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beater griefe with fevered heart dead mocked reliefe distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: rest dety us mydit i ol keape my woach while ramoy liese eslee for inthe hole whie  ad is no deari to me t and regol son
	layer_4: rest dityas myndid i oll keep my wach while ramou liz asleep for inthe whole whide walld is none dear a to me hand regos son
	layer_6: rest dityas mind id i oll keep my watch while ramo lies asleep for in the hole wide wald is none deara to me than rago' son
	layer_8: rest dithias mind it i woill keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none deare to me than rago's son
	layer_10: rest ditia's mind ed i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son
	layer_12: rest ditia's mind it i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than rago's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: oirbano doubd or jgealus fear i spea detut wahats in cer for fromt e grees wits he has sho woell glowry on my na be tro greates to o marri shall i gam and dutious for no wish in ve
	layer_4: har ba no doubet or gjealous fer i speak de trut erd hardsincer for from te grease whichs he has showne oll glowry on my name be tron great to omarrid shall i game and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_6: ha by no dout or jealous fer i speak the trut wirh hart sincer for from the grace which he has shown wol glory on my name be trone great store of marriag shall i gan and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_8: harba no doubt or jealous fear i speak dhe trut with hart sincere for from the grace which he has shown orth glory on my name be trown great store of merriag shall i gaim and dutius form nor wish in vain
	layer_10: harbe no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with hart sincere for from the grace which he hash shown or t e glory on my name be trown great store of meriag shall i gain and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harber no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with hart sincere for from the grace which he has shown or the glory on my name be trown great store of meriag shall i gain and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an foused by maye y arol or forowus arbo shaft and b for well lef brawmaswe or proide who ligzeesleep by see dor sied
	layer_4: let me an forsed by mayneara or foruers arblet shafta and be for well of ramaswaale provide who liz asleep by seat erside
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many ra ore foduwers arbled shaft and bow for well of rama's wal profide who lize asleep by seat er side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many rao our fodewers arboed shaft and bew for well of ramaswal provide who lies asleep by seatar's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row are followers arbor shaft and bow for welth of bramaswel provide who lies asleep by ceetar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row are folloewers arbod shaft and bow for welth of rahmas wal provide who lies asleep by seitar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: witowats likedees is poke designde tomoved to higsold vir ats mind but he upon his deuty bent plied his parcles of argamnt oh hol counslom ba glos myd is whene lonly couedtoid seet or lis daril rabar
	layer_4: wi t walrds likedese i sppok designd te moved te hygh sold borat's mind but he upon his duty band plied his parclous of argomendt oh how coun lumba clos my deys wheln lonly cou  toit seatourlis deroyald ramba
	layer_6: wit walds like dese i spoke designed t move the high sold borrets mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parcuusive argoment oh how cant slumbar clotse my eyes whelne lonly cou toit seatour lies deroyaldrama
	layer_8: wit warts like dease i spoke designed tor move the highsould vorrot's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parcusive argoment oh how can slumber closes my eyes wheln loly couch do ich seat our lies deroyal rama
	layer_10: wit warts like these i spoke designed to move the high souled borett's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parclessive argoment oh how can slumber closes mye eyes one lonely couche to it seat our lies de royal drama
	layer_12: wit warts like these i spoke designed to move the high souled vorett's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his partlessive argoment oh how can slumber closes myne eyes one lonely couch to it seat our lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he home no my to temant now no have aly gap and over trao sego her holl he lise alas would seeter cauldghed on gataet craws
	layer_4: he whome no mi te teman no no havanly gart and overtra se go her how he liezs allas wuld seeter coulghed on gadat cros
	layer_6: he whome no my dedeaman now nor havenly guart can overtra se goher how he lies alas wuth cata caulched on gaddered trass
	layer_8: he whom no mighte deeman now nor have in e guard can overtraiw see goha how he lies alas with cita coulched on gathered crass
	layer_10: he whom no mity deman now nor heaven la guard can overtrawl sei goha how he lies alas with scita couched on gathered crass
	layer_12: he whom nomity deman now nor heaven ly guard can overtral sei guha how he lies alas with scita couched on gathered crass

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: no as his sun his false to fly the king ellong wit syoly tae rafet of his gudgan hound forlo in o do gree this loandoed ban
	layer_4: now as hits son his farse to fly the king eilong will seonly die raft of his gudg an haund forlon in odyour grief thislaund wull bawn
	layer_6: now as his son is fase to fly the king e'relong will sie oly die reft of his gudg in hand for lon in uldiartd grief thisland will bon
	layer_8: now as his son is folce to fly the king erelong will siolidie reft of his guudgian hand forlon inudiard grief this land will marn
	layer_10: now as his son is force to fly the king ere long will sioli die reft of his guudgian hand forlon in udiart grief this land will mourn
	layer_12: now as his son is forsed to fly the king ere long will sioli die reft of his gudgian hand forlorn in udiat grief this land will mourn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but a wor setcosiin y how fhere she and my od mydded now how fars o king
	layer_4: but ah for sat coshillia how fere she and myn ornd maderd now how fars the king
	layer_6: but ah for said carcihellia how far she and mine owld mader now how fays the king
	layer_8: but ah forsaid corshelia how far she and mine own mader now how fai is the king
	layer_10: but ah forsait coshelia how fare she and mine owld mardyr now how fai is the king
	layer_12: but ah forsait corshenlia how fare she and mine owd mardyr now how fai is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: i t opes upen setralneset my mader misur vy bas yet but the sad queenul die who bor to heroa for hr gry is s
	layer_4: i t hopes upan see rocne set my mader missar vibesyet but the sad quen ial die who bore te hereo for ha gref his saw
	layer_6: r it hopes upan seterugna set my mader misarvibesiyet but the saitd coenul die who bore dahero for her grief is saw
	layer_8: ll it hopes upan cetrog na sete my marder missarvibes iyet but the said coenul die who bore de hero for her grief is sore
	layer_10: ll it hopes upon cetrugna set my mardyr missarvirbes yet but the said coenul daie who bore de hero for her grief is sore
	layer_12: ll it hopes upon cetrugnaset my mardyr messarvarbes yet but the said coenul daie who bore de hero for her grief is sore

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to laiy to king wilt cry and conqed by his misery die
	layer_4: to lay a king will cry and conquered by his misery di
	layer_6: too lay ta king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: too late e king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when  fait has brod amonful da who uld seese my fat u pass away how happy indelives oday alowd his feenera driks to pay
	layer_4: when faitd has brouaght hemonful day who hid sees my fadher passaway how happy in delives ar day allowed his fener al driks to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brought the mounful day who hid sees my father pass away how happy in therlives are day allowed his feneral ries to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mounful day who id sees my father pass away how happy in ther lives are day allowd his fheneral rigtes to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who id sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rites to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who id sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his feneral rites to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoes hehoridtstoodwid manyusigh l amenting and di nigt t ent by
	layer_4: does fhor it stoold wih manya sigh lamenting and  night went by
	layer_6: doesworit stoold wit many a sig lamenting and nigh twent by
	layer_8: doesvorre stoo it many assi lamenting and t night went by
	layer_10: doesvorred stool dit many a sie lamenting and knight went by
	layer_12: dosvorred stool dit many a sie lamenting and knight went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sat a nong ap chieve os i was like alodos leeve wrt lin shouldor schong and fair hih matteld prostraitin dispar pale betaly a flictat hea reled es in atquake reals a tre
	layer_4: when go her sowd along ur cheve ose ee was like a loades lef oat lian shouldiers trong and fair high matterld prostraht in dispair pale betarly a flickt et he reledas in art quake reals a tree
	layer_6: when go her sawd along arm chieve whose eye was like a lodes leav what lion shoulders strong and fair high matteled prostrat ing despair pale betarly a flicet atd he realed as in artquake real's a tree
	layer_8: when goha saw t a long armcheve whose eye was like a lodust leave what lion's shoulders strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale betarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake rels etree
	layer_10: when guha saw the long armchieve whose eye was like a lotos leave what lion shoulders strong and fair high mattaled prostrate in despair pale bittarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels a tre
	layer_12: when guha saw the long armchieve whose eye was like a lotus leave whats lions shoulders strong and fair high mattlled prostrate in despair pale bittarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels a tree

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: cosiillia by how wore or pressd the senstlass bvoritsly nscaresdt as i fon cow in lloven fear caras s olf ti younglyngdear tenhe olding to ho wor she saidt oping and saow disquiteet what tamants o my son ates off sutemn pain alseifed desees
	layer_4: catillia by how ware opressed the senseless bvoretsl ns carasd as i fon cow ina love an fear carasis olv ty youngling dear dunyolding to har a she said oeping and saw disquiteit what tomondts o my son ardese off sudden pain or sweft desease
	layer_6: cartillia by how ware oppressed the senseless vereslienes charessed as i on cow in a lov and fer carisses of r youngling dear dennyalding to he ar she said weping and saw disquite it what tarmants a my son ardes of sudden pain or sweft disease
	layer_8: corgelia by how war oppressed the senseless boratslins caressed as if fon cow in love and fear charesses afdt her youngling de denyolding to hawar she said weeping and sor disquietit what tarmant s ow my son ardise alf sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_10: cogelia by how war oppressed the senseless borazlins caressed as af on cow in love and fear caress es av her yongling dea denyolding du hawar she said weeping and sore disquieetd what tarmant o my son ardise alf sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_12: cogelia by how war oppressed the senseless borazlins caressed as af on cow in love and fear caress es ofd her youngling dear denyylding do hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants o my son ardise alf sudden pain or swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of urs and all de lin the pan de child arn only dim
	layer_4: te lifes of us and all eline the pand der child on only dine
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all the line the pan deir child a only dine
	layer_8: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child or only dyne
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child our only dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: ra my lucsman for s to flee i lea by not but seenedee for is te king has passd ha rwai to arht my aly hoalp to day
	layer_4: ramy luctiman forse to fley i leea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passt aray dill art my only help to day
	layer_6: ramy luxhman forced to flea i lea by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tell art my only help to day
	layer_8: rama luchman forced to fleey i leavde by nought but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tell art my only help to day
	layer_10: rama luckhman forced to flee i lead by nought but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tholl art my only help to day
	layer_12: rama luckshman forced to flee i lead by nought but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tholl art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: showmeto cowls were an he lay tell me a fod he eight i pray
	layer_4: showmento cows wherearn he lay tell me to fod he eigt i pray
	layer_6: show me to cows wherearn hi lay tell me toffod he ate i pray
	layer_8: show me the cowts wherean helay tell me thaford he ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the couce wherean he lay tell me the ford he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the counce whereon he lay tell me the fold he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: then carmans tel af jold intart he drangdt a watter luxhmant brat and den abe dient to his vows he fesded owith his entle spows
	layer_4: then cammons thel efjolved in targht he dranked a water luctiman broaught and ten abedient to his vows he fast ed with his entle spows
	layer_6: then calrmonsthel ebjorlved in taht he dranked ha water luxhman brought and then obedient to his vos he fasted with his zentle spowhs
	layer_8: then calrmansthel ebjowved in tart he dranke the water lucshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows
	layer_10: then carmanstheel ebjolled ind tart he drank the water lucshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spous
	layer_12: then carmansteel ebjolled and tart he drank the water lucshrman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spous

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he astans ta treea whitds lamedem shade he as te gruss benit it lad where raby and his consod spemt dod night to getear ad ewent
	layer_4: he astandsed ha tree woiths lamed hem shade he ha is tegrowss ben it it lade where rama and his consodspent denight to getter air e went
	layer_6: he astands a tree wohit slambdam shade he re is the gras benet it laid whererama and his concot spent tenight together ere de went
	layer_8: he astands a tree wo it slamdam shade here is dhe grass bernet it laid where rama and his consolt spent tenight together ere dhey went
	layer_10: here stands the tree withs slamdom shade here is dhe grass benet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night together ere they went
	layer_12: here stands the tree withths lamdom shade here is de grass benet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night together ere they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: hi seesed
	layer_4: he seesed
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: whe whas seete
	layer_4: whe wyl seter
	layer_6: wher why cita
	layer_8: where why i cita
	layer_10: where why s cita
	layer_12: where why s cita

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scoged wbyte firy got of day hig onthis my to hel i lay
	layer_4: scorged wvid the firy god of day high ondhismito hill i lay
	layer_6: scolged wby the fiery gad of day high on this mi ta hill i lay
	layer_8: scolged by the fiery guad of day high on thismity hill i lay
	layer_10: scolced by the fiery guard of day high on this mity hill i lay
	layer_12: scolced by the fiery guard of day high on this mita hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ach mallnan eve he brarht me food and fillial ca my life fr ned
	layer_4: each mon an eve he braught me food and filial care my life ri ned
	layer_6: each mon and eath he brought me food and filial care my life renelred
	layer_8: each mon and eth he brought me food and filial care my life renerled
	layer_10: each mone and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewled
	layer_12: each mone and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewled

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweived to desolt his calls he bent and clagfd ar eelding alimend
	layer_4: sweved to thesoult his calls he bent and clefed ae yielding alemend
	layer_6: sweved to dhesoult his cals he bent and cleft dare yielding elemend
	layer_8: sweved to thessault his cause he bent and cleft da yielding element
	layer_10: sweved to thessault his cause he bent and cleft a yielding element
	layer_12: sweved to thessault his cause he bent and cleft ta yielding element

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the hol ys paerit sof th ir came row me as i marvaldar and crid as de bridt legian s mat o say is seati leaving yet
	layer_4: the wholys perieds of the eir came row me as i marvel dai and cried as derbrighte legiancs me osay is seatir leaving yet
	layer_6: the holest perids of the air came roun me as i marvelder and cried as their bright legians met o say is seataur leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest perrits of the air came round me as i marvalder and cried as their brigde legians met o say is sat are leaving yet
	layer_10: the holyest pirits of the air came round me as i marvaltere and cried as their bride legions met o say is seat ar leaving yet
	layer_12: the holyest spirits of the air came round me as i marvaltere and cried as their bride legions met o say is seat ar leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dos cried to sains and teld dto nam or fim who hold te stroglig dame
	layer_4: toes cried te sans and teld e name orfim who hold te struggling dame
	layer_6: thoes cried the sains and told the name or im who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: tos cryd the saints and told the name off him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dos cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dos cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten frot hef flut someparty paid do offerings to his broader shad
	layer_4: ten front o floud some parti paid do offerings to his brouder shade
	layer_6: ten front te flood some parti paid due offerings to his broaders shade
	layer_8: ten from te flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_10: ten fronte flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: then frontte flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven knigtes indadlysrm i parsed but's tdrogling liefretan at lsed
	layer_4: seven nights in dadlyss orn i paused butstrungling life retarn at losed
	layer_6: seven nights in daedly sorn i passed but strungling life returned at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in deadly sorn i passed but strungling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sown i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sown i passed but struggling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: i rouned i bant my wone during ve but ave ris paurt wars tran ge en kner
	layer_4: a round i bant my onduring vie but everyspart was trange an nea
	layer_6: around i bant my ondering v but everyspart was strange andner
	layer_8: around i bant my wandering vel but every sport was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering vile but every spot was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wondering vile but every spot was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on comrets tood ea cave i cried and aoldin the patal highd
	layer_4: on combrets to the cave i cried and allden the patal hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and ollden the portal hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and olld en dhe portal hid
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried an olden the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried an old den the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he ado wih ospitable ca hasd fadors whah te no blesst fair preservinge saboar to dy wort tis di plan iful supply
	layer_4: he ador witdh hospitable car hast feddes what the noblest fhar preserving as abowd to di wit this di plantiful supply
	layer_6: he adar with hospitable care hast fedders with the noblest far preserving us about to die wat tis dyplamptiful supply
	layer_8: he ada with hospitable care has fadters with the noblest fare preserving us about to die wit tis diplantiful supply
	layer_10: he ada with hospitable care hast fadders with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with tis diplantiful supply
	layer_12: he adar with hospitable care hast fadders with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with tis diplantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how ir pius lady say maye we ti gracius boon repay
	layer_4: but how or piouslady say may we ti gracius boon repay
	layer_6: but how or pious lady say may we digraceus boon repay
	layer_8: but how or pious lady say may we digracius boon repay
	layer_10: but how or pious lady say may we digracious boon repay
	layer_12: but how or pious lady say may we digracious boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he seezed the asitec day urplid rell boners amyi sadis fiet
	layer_4: he seased the esitic day oreplied rellbonars amy sat is fid
	layer_6: he seized the esitic dame replied ralbannas ami satisfied
	layer_8: he seized the astic dame replied ralbanas am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the aestic dame replied ralbanus am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the acestic dame replied ralbonus am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life ap hoiny walks i led and frobyoul handsno sovis need
	layer_4: i life of hory walks i lead and frob your hands no selfis need
	layer_6: ar life of horly walks i lead and from your hands no selvics need
	layer_8: a life of horly walks i lead and from your hands no selvest need
	layer_10: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no selvist need
	layer_12: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no selvist need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhenc epice again dubona chieve we came to tee an folnd relieve
	layer_4: dencepick again abonar chieve we came to d and foud relieve
	layer_6: dencepick again abon achievf we came to dea and found relieve
	layer_8: densepick again de bon achief we came to dea and found relieve
	layer_10: dens pik agan de ban achieve we came to d and found relieve
	layer_12: dens pik agan de ban achieve we came to d and found relieve

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lis en toed neal distress and ades whol y woteres
	layer_4: now listen to aneuo testrass and ades wholly broteres
	layer_6: now listen to ano distress and ades wholly broteress
	layer_8: now listene to a new distress and ada's holy roteress
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and ada's holy woteress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and ada's holy voteress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o or renderings ind is vas to cave exhalsd atime sigrny agave
	layer_4: hou ar renderings in isvosty cave exhalsed a time segreievagave
	layer_6: hou r renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a times sagrieev a gave
	layer_8: our renderings in dis vasty cave exhaulst a time sagriv va gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in isvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: once mballden lady crondralease ond lett i suplan skol inpes a caown upon ther eran s ped foulking segrneve as ir we drd
	layer_4: once mballden lady grand releas and let i supplian sko im peas agawn up on ter errantspet falking segreevasi we drad
	layer_6: once malden lady grand reles and let thysuplian s go in pease again upon their errant's ped falking segrevasire we dread
	layer_8: once moldand lady grant reliese and let thysupplianse go in pease again upon their errand's ped forlking sagri vazair we dread
	layer_10: once moldand lady grant relis and let thyr suppliance go in peacse again upon the erraund's ped folking sagre vasaih we dread
	layer_12: once mordand lady grantrelis and let thir suppliance go in pease again upon the erraunt's ped folking sagre vasayah we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and te great tilsk olasol ren set alows is in a complesdird
	layer_4: and he great tousk aarsol rencet ellos is an accomplished yed
	layer_6: and the great tosk auasalrine set alas is in accomplished yed
	layer_8: and the great task ou a salreine set alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and the great task our salrine set alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task our salvrine set alos is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howld his waters hral and rave ter fic uuteach crasstat way ve
	layer_4: and howled his waters hral and rave terrifhick woe to each crased at wayve
	layer_6: and holowed his waters thural and rave terripfhic were to each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holowed his waters thoua and rave terrific were to each crast at wave
	layer_10: and holowed his waters raw and rave terriffic were to each crest at wave
	layer_12: and hollowed his waters raw and rave terriffic were to each crest at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: demant es lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes rimain
	layer_4: themant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remaind
	layer_6: demant is last entoil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_8: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_10: damant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_12: damant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds whithstrong afection frougt he is whel in averelabu solt and the tre vellor of our band was bleasand dwid einavry land
	layer_4: your hods with trong affection frout he is wel in everylabu sout and the true vellar of your band was blesan't wide in every land
	layer_6: your hots with strong afflection frauht he as will in every laburs sought and the true vellor of your band was bleasant wide in every lend
	layer_8: your horts with strong afflection fraugt hehis will in every labors sought and the true velor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hoarts with strong affection fraught his will in every labor sought and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_12: your hoarts with strong affection frauht his will in every labor sought and the true valor of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: comelet asall from food ebstan and parish dos since hop is vain
	layer_4: come let us al from food ebstain and parish des since hope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstain and parish duoes since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and parish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: fabattar dors to end olalives and leve aullreld our homes and wives leve o a dea litten ons and al denm by his vangeful hand to foall
	layer_4: far bat er dees to and o alives and leave au relt oure homes and wives lave of a deo litten ons and al den by his vangful hand to fall
	layer_6: farbatter dues to and ou ar lives andleave are relt our homes and wives lave of a dear littee oncse and all deme by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: farbatter does to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave our dear little oncs and all den by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter does to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave our deal little ones and all denne by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batter does to end our lives and leave our relt our homes and wives lave our deal little ones and all denned by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: iof a forfhit lives in shaly pa for idoensoach ar long telay and om a fhe res king will bet es dy the faiver of his frend to by
	layer_4: a a forfit lifes in sarly pay for idol soach and long to lay and thom a feyrs king will beaters di the favor of his friend to by
	layer_6: ae forfid lifes in arly pay for idole search and long delay and tha afers king will ba es die the favour of his friend to by
	layer_8: ou forfeit lives is sharely payn for idle search a long delay and thoafers king will bead us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_10: our forfeid lifes i sharly payn for idol search an long delay and tmaffiers king will bea us die the favor of his friend to buy
	layer_12: our forfeid lifes is sharly payng for idol search an long delay and t maffier's king will bead us die the favor of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: then tours solyspake to cheer the boner's holdt s u presed by he r this pare no more youedous dispel commin thisample caven dwel
	layer_4: then tala softlys pake to chea the bonor's hots o pressed by fea this pae no mor your dout dispell com in thisample cabon dwell
	layer_6: thentala softly spakue to cher the banner's horts oppressed by fier this pair no more your doubt despell come in this ample cabon dwell
	layer_8: dentala softly spakue to cheer the barnar's harts soppressed by fear despar no more your doubts despel come in thisample cabon dwell
	layer_10: den tala softly spakue to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabon dwell
	layer_12: den tala softly spakue to cheer the barner's hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample caborn dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: dou fwonly hopersd in discavee dhe vangian s of the fo to brae
	layer_4: thour fonly hopest in discave the vangiance of the foe to brae
	layer_6: thou fonly hopest in discave thivangiance of the fo to brathe
	layer_8: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brathe
	layer_10: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_12: thou fondly hopest in discave the vengeance of the foe to brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucxments am as shir  ow with send offtadlhe shafdstols walds to rend
	layer_4: but luciments arm i shar alw wilh send oftadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_6: but luxhmen's arm a shaare will send of dadly shaftd stills wals to rend
	layer_8: but luchman's arm a shahwa will send of deadly shaft stils walls to rend
	layer_10: but lucshman's arm e shahwar will send off deadly shaft stils walls to rend
	layer_12: but lucishman's arm e shahwar will send off deadly shaft stils walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: dhy loving cansman true run wis nokes oneteyus teal it faboring eis
	layer_4: ti loveing cinstman true un wise noks ontaise tal ith faboring eyes
	layer_6: dy love inkensmen true un wise no xs ontause tal with fabouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loveinkentsman true runwise noks ont's tail with favouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kensman true ane wise nolooks on tes tail with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kentsman true and wise nolooks on tes tail with favoring eys

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld e prices fheryustrad he sou his eyes glow feyursly read
	layer_4: he hald a princes ferioustrect hi souw his eyes glow feercely ret
	layer_6: he harld to princess furious tract he souwl his eyes glow fersely recked
	layer_8: he hard to princess furious trackt he sauw his eyes glow fiercely recked
	layer_10: he harled tha princes furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely wrecked
	layer_12: he harled tha prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely wrecked

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: saft spraen damoler to his fed abstarding from his golded seat
	layer_4: serft s preng demonork to his fet obstarding from his golden sead
	layer_6: serfts prang damonorch to his fet obstarding from his golden seat
	layer_8: surfts prang da monarc to his feet ubstarting from his golden seat
	layer_10: surfsprang da monorckh to his feet upstarding from his golden seat
	layer_12: surftasprang da monorck to his feet ubstarding from his golden seat

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: on great fulabon or king ot do and fatless to di pliededvow
	layer_4: on gratfull boner king or do and fateless to die plied advow
	layer_6: on gratfull bonner king ada and faitless to dieplied advow
	layer_8: ungrateful bonner king a tou and fatless to dipliht advow
	layer_10: ungrateful bonner king ah ta and faiteless to die plytad vow
	layer_12: ungrateful bonner king ahta and faiteless to die plytad vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ift i pried deson what he hi talta prins as don fote strucke by his aows shal ou wol and blly met i e o's hol
	layer_4: now if t ipride desown what he hig talt at prince as don fordee struck by his arrows shall dour wall and bally meet in  yomar's hole
	layer_6: now if di pride asone what he i taltat prince has done for dee struck by his errows shalt da all and baly meat in yamas hall
	layer_8: now if dy pride deszon what he italted prince has done for te struck by his errows shalt taufall and baly mat in yamar's hall
	layer_10: now if ty pride deszone what he hitautred prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt ta fall and balymat in yamar's hall
	layer_12: now if thy pride dezone what he hitantered prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt tau fall and balymat in yamar's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still opim to dhe glo me god lizsed a sandpatd i brad a trd
	layer_4: still open to the glomy god lize ha san pat ibrod a trod
	layer_6: still open to the glomy god lies the san pant dibroatea trod
	layer_8: still open to the glomy god lies the sand pant di brodta trod
	layer_10: still open to the glomy god lies the sand pant dibrotha trod
	layer_12: still open to the glomy god lies the sandpant dibrotha trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then tod ipidten adto be tre no let istepstept pout posu
	layer_4: then to dipliedhe ald  be tre no let di step sthet bout porsue
	layer_6: then to di plyde an wald be true no let thysteps temp bot pursu
	layer_8: then to dypiten world be true nor let thy step stemp  out pursiu
	layer_10: then to thyapiten world be true nor let thy steps stemp out pursou
	layer_12: then to thipiten wold be true nor let thy steps stemp out pursou

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: hi seazed and toro s tory id tos to t an reprins hreplid noto my lod shouds do attress i spech so frawt oaito be tenese not does hproached my lnold shuld ba an list of al o prins bi tey
	layer_4: he seesed andtarraos tarry eyd toes to the enreprinse replied not to my lord should doua tress espeach so frout ori t be tenese not does rhepproached my lod should ba and list of all o prince by dee
	layer_6: he seazed an taras tarry eid tdoes to the en re prince replied not to my lord should thouatress espagh so fraut oit matonesse not does reproachedo my lord should be and list of all o prince by dee
	layer_8: he ceased antara stare eyd does to the enry prince replied not to my lord shoulds thou adtress aspegh so fraugt o it matones not dos reproach my lord should be and list of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceased and taras tari yd does to the engry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou adtress a speech so fraut whit batones not as reproach o my lord should be and list of all our prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceased and taras tari yd does to the engry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou adtress a speech so fraut wit batonels not as reproach to my lord should be and list of all our prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from part s atru hen neavurstras no wantes in ful bytand ways
	layer_4: from parts af tru hin nevers tras noll wanders in faol bid and ways
	layer_6: from parts aftru he never s trays no wanders in folbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts oftru he nevers trays nor wanders in forbiden ways
	layer_10: from parts of true he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts of true he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: thevevod sig revous heart wucket by rabma saved te lasting dept
	layer_4: thervoll segrivos heart focket by rabar saved the lasting deptd
	layer_6: neevar il sicrevou's heart foket by raba saved thelasting dept
	layer_8: never will sing rivo's heart fooquet by ramah saved the lasting debt
	layer_10: never will sing rivor's heart foquet by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_12: never will sing revors heart foquet by rahma saved the lasting debbt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: ristupe to fa by raous gras to apire oveer he bonor ras from sensl is dread and choil sat free ristolp to rumaur an to me by gree fand care and excile trid nhel to t a bis so log ded nit like vhey shu e d o ons alos he maksd ot how he sensants pase
	layer_4: restop to fame by rama's gras to empire over thebano ras from sinslhis dread and toil sat free restot to rouma and to me by gree and care and exile trid knel to the blis so long the niht like veshommi ro ons alows he marks not how the sensan's powese
	layer_6: restoe the fame by rama's gras to empire over thei banno rays from sincoless dread and toils sat free restoed te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long dhenight like vhiciamita once allows he marks not how the scens an's powes
	layer_8: restored the fame by rama's gras to empire over thei barna ras from sinseless dread and toil sat free restorte to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denighet like ve shamitra oncs alous he marks not how the sansan's powers
	layer_10: restored to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barne rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneeld to the bliss so long denied like ve shamitra one allaus he marks not how the sinsan's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barno rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like ve shamitra ons allous he marks not how the scinsan's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the mationsobda vanarase sy malks of fhery i dive fais dhey se diene eyese like blot areade and wild ot yet be com faoterd
	layer_4: the matrons ued a vaner rayse sa mars of fery in dive fas they see dine eyes like blood i red and will not yet becomfouterd
	layer_6: the matron sufb e vana rays sa marks of fery in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are read and will not yet becomefotered
	layer_8: the matron sof tovana ras sa marks of fury in die phase they see dyn eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomeforterd
	layer_10: the mattrons of dovana rays say marks of fury in dyve phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet become fortered
	layer_12: the mattrons of divana rayse say marks of fury in dyve phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forted

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: he seased andlucxsman gave a sent on by hard jound e argamend
	layer_4: she seised andluctman gave a sent on by her jountl argument
	layer_6: she seized a luxman gave assent on by her cantal argament
	layer_8: she seized an luckhman gave ascent wone by her cantal argument
	layer_10: she seized a lucshman gave assent won by her cantal argument
	layer_12: she seized a lucsheman gave assent on by her gantal argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so torowspeading just and mild his softnin at had reconsil
	layer_4: so toros peading just and mild he is sotening hort had reconsild
	layer_6: so taro's peding just and mild hiis sotening heort had reconciled
	layer_8: so tara's peading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so taros pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so taro's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the hereow side i will not leaouve but he the conquaest shall achie youe
	layer_4: the hero side i will not leve but he the conquest shall ache ve
	layer_6: the hero' side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achive
	layer_8: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sostrong o do so brayvevan belld so piuar i tollt so hubot sold tea dou des ovast well to rain and all ley monro s pis  to gane
	layer_4: so strong or dow so braveand belld so piar in tolt so humble sold the doug desorvest well to rain and all ley monara'plisst to gane
	layer_6: so strong arda so brave and beld so pure in talt so humble sold that tou deservest well to rain and all te moner splise to gain
	layer_8: so strong arzal so brave and beld so pre iand talt so humbled sold that thou deservest dwell to reign and all te monaxsplice to gain
	layer_10: so strong ardarl so brave and beld so pure and talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all the monarce's bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong artarl so brave and beld so pure and talt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all the monarce's bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: then dol bmy broad a aed an ao he is fose ben it his omb wl fo
	layer_4: thental my brader ad and al he is fose ben it his orm will fol
	layer_6: lantiw by broter aid and all he is foes benat his arm will fal
	layer_8: lantau my brother aid and all he is foes benet his arm will fall
	layer_10: lantal my brother aid and all heis foes benet his arm will fall
	layer_12: lantau my brother aid and all he is foes benet his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whatever hand it was the cshot down burben rom after his deafh was plundered devi stated and rabaged by ruto greedy lisenstious and fa natical sultir
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burben rome after his death was plundared devistated and rabbaged by brutal greedy lessentious and panatical soldier
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and rabvaged by a brutal greedy lecentious and fanatical soltiery
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the chot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravashed by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical suldiery
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravased by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravased by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefour for the future rites nothing at all but appointus the time and place of meting and l wil bring our sword for yu to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yors seing that when it comes to an and counter there is  end of all rightding
	layer_4: wherefore for the future rightus nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and lill bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all wrigting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future writeus nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and le ill bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cros protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future writeus nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir andswered tdhe spanued fpermitmeto do my office and say what the imperhas cthargd me to say
	layer_4: sir answered thespanuaed fper mit me to do my office and say what the emperor hs charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will tot listento the said fireancsis if thoud oni first give me a patent sine by thi master contaning an a point ment of time and place sir i have orders to re yew thet caurtell and give it you afterwards
	layer_4: may i will not listene to the said frencis if thou do no first give me a patant sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to red you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: burginty tholt being put out began again sir
	layer_4: burganty thougt being put out began again sir
	layer_6: bergandy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said frences i will not suffer him do speak to me before hehis given me uppointmentof timons lace
	layer_4: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he is given me appointment of timon lace
	layer_6: may said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time in' place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givbit me or rereturn as thou as come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thouh ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i am quite willing said beking let him hae it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said theking let him have it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pece of cambri wast called the ladyes piece in unter of the two princesses who had gouchated it the moraly different an a very onyqual worth they both had mins of a rare order and tramed o recogdnize politiclf thecessidts and not to atempt any but possible succesits
	layer_4: the piece of cambry was called the ladies piece in hontor of the two princesses who had gociated it the moralhly different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traimed t o recognize political necessidus and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambra was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who hadngotiated it thoug morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognized political necessituds and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambre was called the ladiespiece in honour of the two princesses who had negotiated it thogh morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambre was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitiues and not to attempt any but possible successs
	layer_12: the piece of cambre was called the lady's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great politdcalactorseemed hurying hewa from the stage as if the dramel were a proaching its tend
	layer_4: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the draa were approaching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: on fifteen sixtito at the battle of drew he was aged an so illd that noneexpected to see him on horseber
	layer_4: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsebar
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreu he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save only s head answered him right well sir this is the real medicem that halth cured me for the battel which is to ward and up proparing for the onor of god in ourcam
	layer_4: he fully arm save only is head answered him wright well sir this is the real medicon that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and up reparing for the honour of god and our came
	layer_6: he fully arm save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armes save only his head answered him rigt well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him rigte well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him rit well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladie's pece concuded ac cambriy an fifteeme twein nine lasted up to fifteem thirty six insessently trouble e however by foar from paciff eccemptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_4: the ladies peace concluded a cambra and fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from paifecsymptoms proceedings and prparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded a cambra ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_8: the ladies peace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladies peace concluded a cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladies peace concluded a cambre in fifteen twenty nine lasted up o fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at las he decide upon retreating
	layer_4: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was garsilaso deloviga the prince of spanished posy the spanished pecterark according to his fello countrmen
	layer_4: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished pecterarck according to his fellowcountrymen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished petaarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_8: it was garsilaso de lavega the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garsilaso de la viga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcilaso de la viga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petroarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momur ancs es sind a similer one for pedmi
	layer_4: momerenses signe a similar one for ped mi
	layer_6: momorence signed a similar one for pedmine
	layer_8: momorenci signed a similar one for pedmon
	layer_10: momorenzi signed a similar one for pidman
	layer_12: momorenzi signed a similar one for piedmon

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they all repared together to the house prepared for their wreception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down a rest on acouch queen eliner befoure long went andtapted his door and sent woard to the king thot the emper was awake
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for ther rereception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elener beforelong went andtapted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapt at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: francis with the coardnled the larin and the constible te mle mare ancy sonarived
	layer_4: francis with the carinal the larein and the constable he mal mor ancy soonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cordinal de loraine and the conotable de mo morensy soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de loraen and the constable demelmarenci soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de mumarency soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de memarency soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: oun entering the chamber he found the emperoer stil lyng down and chating with his istedth queen who was seeted beside him one chair
	layer_4: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chadting with his sisted he queen who wasseated beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and shatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charls i had made such cheer that i was abliged o slepit f
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: firancestd the convers with his own color
	layer_4: francestid the conberse with his own color
	layer_6: frances tdood the converse with his own collar
	layer_8: frances stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the ottendants remained in the imper osschamber and there the two savrons converst for an houar after which they moved to the hall where  splended supper awaited them
	layer_4: only seven of the attendancs remained in the imperors chamber and there the two saverints conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splended supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saveregns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two soverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gainties pleated their privlage of not being lible to be taksed without thei ound consent
	layer_4: the ginties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_6: the ginties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the gantes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had been sent everywher to receive him as kings of francs a receimed on their joyous ascessin
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france ae received on their joyous assession
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous acsession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: loluch go as a do itful child
	layer_4: lhelutch go as ta doightful child
	layer_6: lo lutch go was a delightful child
	layer_8: lelutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_10: lalutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_12: lolutchgo was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: there was now ther such child theig naverhadbein and their never would by
	layer_4: there was now their such child therge never had been and theyr never would be
	layer_6: there was no ther such child ther never had been and there never would be
	layer_8: there was nothere such a child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: le ech as mother serfhe malicsenm jrove na wats suro that
	layer_4: lel letchg a's mother sarphema alicsam drovena wats sur of that
	layer_6: lelecica's mother sarfhema alecsan drovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lalechica's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: lalechika's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: laletchika's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolichhis eyes were darc in large her cheks u rosy her looks rmade forokisses an for lafter
	layer_4: lolech his eyes were dark in large her cheeks erosy her loopks hermade for kisses an for laghter
	layer_6: lolech his eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips here maide for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: lalihos eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and feor laughter
	layer_10: lalichas eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lalicha's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chimes n el luch get the gave her motherh the kenes troy
	layer_4: but it was not theese charms and wll letchget the gave her mother the keenaus joy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms and i letchka that gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms and lechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms in wollushka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in wollutshka that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she foelt cold with her husban
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he wis alw ays fresh ond coo with a frided smile and wever he passed coled curen cseeme to movehen the air
	layer_4: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and wever he passed cold current seemdt move in the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and whever he passed cold currents seemedt move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currants seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seeme ac serfle mat ous an drovenaw that she was n lubwitheir fe tureasban and this made her happy
	layer_4: it even seemd at siri phema aliand drovena that she was in love with her fuwture hesban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atsirafhema aleion drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to at sar afhema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to atara fema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atsara pema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was al s goid looking she was a tall  darkid dark hard gir some whant im ade but very tactful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall  dark eyd dark heird girl some what ohim ide but very catful
	layer_6: the bread was also good looking she was a tall  dark eyed dark haired girl some what timid but very tactful
	layer_8: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_12: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had conections iand his wife came of good imvlunsial people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvalential people
	layer_6: he had connections and his wife came of good involential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good inflential people
	layer_10: he had connexctions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connextions and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this might at the proper oportunity provusel
	layer_4: this might at the proper opertunity provuseful
	layer_6: this might at the proper oportunity prove useful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage there was nothing io the manner of saig in lofvr stovich osuggust anything rong to his life
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargam lover stovage to suggest anything wrong to his wlife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarguamn lev astovich to suggest anything wrongd to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of seryeam levastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergy i levastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergy in lev ustovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later however when his wife was bou to have a child sairgam wothe stovitc es stalish conections elsewar of ta light intemprary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame wof the stovich as stablish connections elsewher of a light an temporary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame wohte stovitch established connextions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergam molastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga molastovitch established connextions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serga molastovitch established connexions elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: serfhe mat alex en jroveno found the souch and to her own estanshment os no bertoculaly her she way ed her infenet with a restliss entiusipation at swallowed every other feeing
	layer_4: serpheme elix en jrovenauh found the souch and to her own estonichment as not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless intiicipation that swalowed every other feeling
	layer_6: sarafhema elexen dovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: sarafhema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovna found the sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna found the sout and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: serfehi na olic sin drov nejrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_4: sarphema allec and drov  negrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_6: sarphema elexon drovne drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: sarphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: hluch goo then ran away stambing with her plump little ligs aver t e carpets and hidherself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: lutch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legs overe t he carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_6: lutch goo then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: lutch goo then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: luthgo then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: lutchgo then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: were ais my bay be gir the mother aseais she looked frill a lutch gue maye believe that she dod not see her
	layer_4: whereis my baby girl the mother asked is she looked frilelutchgon mayd believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked forill a letchkan may believe that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked if she looked fri lalachka mayd believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked isf she looked for lalatchka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked af she looked for lalatchka and made believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came aut a little farther and her mother as ough she had on lejous caught sighte of her seisd her by her little showlders ind exclaime joyously her she is my la letchkat
	layer_4: then she came out a little farther and her mother as ough she had onlyjiust caught sighte of her seized her by her little shoulders in exclaimed joyously here she is my la letcka
	layer_6: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletchka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my laletschka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers yes glowd with passion itimotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with passionat amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her mother wont to hide
	layer_4: her mother wont to hide
	layer_6: her mother went to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: le letch good turned aways thouh nutcha sea but watch d irmamuch e stutfhlly all the time
	layer_4: lo lec good turned away as though not cha sy but watchd rmmamuch ca stuthily all the time
	layer_6: low lechgad turned away as though not to see but watched herm mamochica stouthily all the time
	layer_8: loluchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochikca steathily all the time
	layer_10: luluschka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammotchika steathily all the time
	layer_12: lulushka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammotchika stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: where is mamo mch ga ase la lutchkar
	layer_4: where is maa muchka askedlaletchka
	layer_6: where is mam ma mochka aske la luchka
	layer_8: where is mama mochka asked laluchka
	layer_10: where is mema mochika asked laletchka
	layer_12: where is mema motchika asked laletchka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smil d absily bliss plate on her readlis
	layer_4: a smil of aboly bliss plaid on her redlips
	layer_6: a smile of absolubliss played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: e letch gos getting nyear her mother's cona
	layer_4: the letcgo s getting near her mother's cone
	layer_6: the letchgoes getting near her mother's cone
	layer_8: the letchgoe's getting near her mother's cona
	layer_10: the letchgoes getting near her mother's conna
	layer_12: the letchgoes getting near her mother's conne

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: her other was gring mor obsorbed every moment by her interest in agaime her heart pet with shortk quick truks and she pressed evendclosers o the wall do sarranging her hair s dill more
	layer_4: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her haier still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: but lech ca suddenly glance towart her mother's cornerancesgreenmdrwid joy
	layer_4: but letch casd suddenly glanced toward her mother's cornerance creemedrith joy
	layer_6: but letchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner ancecreemed with joy
	layer_8: buletchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_10: buletshka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: buletshka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: through the half cles dos he her the laghter the joyse out crise the sound of romping
	layer_4: through the half close doos he hear the laughter the joyos outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_6: hrough the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyouse outcrie the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcris the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordociatelto beshd now vfer her mistreus nowfor herself
	layer_4: even foidociafelto bashd now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_6: even phidosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fredocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fedosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fedosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked coming hare where everything was beautifuly araged this was don by sirfe malexcnjrovena who wishe as surounder little girl from her baury invancy only witd the lovelyus things
	layer_4: he liked coming here whereeverything was beautifully arranged this was doned by sarapem alexcen drovena who wished tos surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_6: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema aleccan jrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surmound her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surmound her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: serety moulxs and drana drest herself tastefully this too she did frll a luch go would be same and in viuw
	layer_4: sarly ma alx and dromn addressed herself tastefully this too she did furla lutchga would the same and in view
	layer_6: sarathema alexendrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did forleluchka with the same end in view
	layer_8: sayrathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalotchka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lulutchka with the same end in view
	layer_12: sarathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lulutchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sargam ot a stovich had not becomerakonsiled too and this was his wikes omust continuous presence in the nurstory
	layer_4: one thing sairgame wut a stovich had not become reckondsiled to and this wass his wife's omust continuous presence in the nursory
	layer_6: one thing sergae morastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wifes almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serge modastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serge morastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing serge molastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's just as a thouht id knew that ard find you here he said with he diresiven condes anding smile
	layer_4: it's just as i thought i knew that ad find you here he said with a duresivin condesending smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deresiv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivan condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de rosevin condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a de rosevin condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: near l you see that the child ould feelits own indovbi duality hexclained in answer desserfu e out sendr of ness puzled clance
	layer_4: merly you see that the charld should feiel its own indibiduality he exclained an answer de sarfew ma out cendger ovnes puzzled glance
	layer_6: merely you see that the chald should feel its own individuality he exclained an answer to sarafuma out cendeuovna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafhema outsandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafema alxandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarafema alexandrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she still so little said serefhy ma ilex in jrova
	layer_4: she still so little said serfhy ma alixan drova
	layer_6: she still so little said serfema elex an drova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphima alexandrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i dontincist a syur kingd om heere
	layer_4: i don't incsist it's your king doem here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: othink et over his wife answerd smiling as he did coldly but gjeneialy
	layer_4: o'lthink it over his wife answere smiling as he did coldly but ginally
	layer_6: i'l think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they began ho talk of someting else
	layer_4: then they began o talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistre stus it while that's one thing but thut theyoung lady dos it that's bad
	layer_4: that the mistresdoes it while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress doesit whilel that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does 't well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does't well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress doesn't well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why as fi dosiuith cariocity
	layer_4: why as fidocsioth cariosity
	layer_6: why asked phidosioth curiosity
	layer_8: why asked pidosio ith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidosio with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fidosio with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thi s uxpression o cauryiosite gave her face te look of a woodin rouhly pain to doll
	layer_4: this expression of cariosity gave her face the look of a wooddin roughly pain to doll
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes that's bad repeadetto gohea ionviction tereibly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeated to goea wih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated agahioih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated da gahioi conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated egahio with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated agachio with conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true fin saing were member my word s a gacha went on with the same a sureans and secessy
	layer_4: it's the true time siing weremember my words a gaiawent on with ta same asurans and secrecy
	layer_6: it's the truhtime sing remember my words a gachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sing remember my words agachya went on with the same assurance and secresy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's the sheurest signe
	layer_4: its the sherest sign
	layer_6: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the old woman had en vented thes signe quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the old woman had envented thes sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mada madim she said quintle in a chembling vice
	layer_4: mada madam she said quintly and a chembling voice
	layer_6: madame madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serfhy ma alix in jruvbean i geveas start
	layer_4: sirphy ma alic and droban i gave a start
	layer_6: serfhema alex an droveni gave a start
	layer_8: sarpfhema alexandrovana gave a start
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovna gave a start
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the dosis face made her ancxious
	layer_4: the doteus face mate her anxious
	layer_6: pedoti's face made her anxious
	layer_8: pedocia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: pedocia's face made her anxious
	layer_12: fedocia's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: wat is i fidosia she ase tat grea onsern as tear rny thing wrong wth loe lutch kat
	layer_4: but is it pidocia she aske with grek ancerm as there anything wrong with ol letchka
	layer_6: what is it pidosia she askdwith greak cancern as there anything wrong with l lechka
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern as there anything wrong with lletchka
	layer_10: what is it fhidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lulletchka
	layer_12: what is it fphidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lulletchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no madom said fidulcia she just ticulated with her hands to reassure he mistress and he make her si done
	layer_4: no madom said piducia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_6: no madame said pidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madame said fidosia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidosia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said fidosia a she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: the lutch kase a sleet make oid be with her
	layer_4: the lutch ase a sleept make od be with her
	layer_6: the lutch cause asleep mayke od be with her
	layer_8: the letchcas asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the luchcas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the luchcas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only iad like to sa something you see wutl luch kause always highding herself that is not good
	layer_4: only i like to say something you see lo lutch gos always hiding hourself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'd like to say something you see lo letch goes always hiding hourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see leletchgoe's always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see loletchko is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see loletchko 's always hiding ourselfs that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: i can' tell you how battit is said fidols iya and her face expresshed the most dociveed confidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said fidosia and her face expresse the most decited confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said fhidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidelcia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: i der sand nothing of bhoat you aer sang
	layer_4: indersand nothing af bat you are sayng
	layer_6: understand nothing of what you are sayng
	layer_8: understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mada mits a cind ofd omaen explains fidosierbruptly and a shame face atd way
	layer_4: he sea madaw mids a kind of oman explains phidosiea bruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_6: he see mada midts a kind of omen explainds pidosia bruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_8: yoe see madam mits a kind of omen explaind fidosia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_10: you see madam amitds a kind of omen explains fidolssia abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_12: you see madam amids a kind of omen explains sfidolssia abruptly in a shamefaced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsente said erfe molix and jervna
	layer_4: nonsense said srfemalexan govena
	layer_6: nonsense said sarfemay alex an govna
	layer_8: nonsense said syrphema alexan jrovna
	layer_10: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who told you all this aser he ma alic ander nan eno stear lowe voice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserif e ma alicandrove na n enah ster low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ased ser afhema alexen drvna ad enoster lowd voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked sarofhima alexandrovna in an austir low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked sarafima alexandrovna in an austier low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked sarafima alexandrovna in an austier low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclaime serfh malec s en drofe non iritation as teugh she wished to protecthurself some hoal from the suddenenxiety
	layer_4: nos exclaimed serifhy ma alicand drovnon irritation as thugh she wished to protect herself somehow from thes sudden nxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed sirfemat elexcand drovnan irritation as though she wished to protecth herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nos exclaimed sarafhima alexandrovnaan irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nose exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nose exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: at nonsense as though eeluchpa could dye
	layer_4: what nonsense as though leluchcood could die
	layer_6: what nonsense as though te lugchcoud could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though lelutchcud could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though lalutchked could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though lalutchked could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw clealy that ther could be no possible connection behwen a childs quite ordinar d ivrsion and the continmuation of the child s life
	layer_4: she saw  clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinaryediversion and the continmuation of the child's life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she made a special effor that he ning to oky by her mind with other matters thut har thoutd heurned amon tariles bet thact that will luch col loved tohit erself
	layer_4: she made a special effort that evening to occu py her mind with other matters but her thoughts theurned nmon tarilies but that that will letch co lov to hid herself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turnd in molntarilies bet sat that will letch ko love to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilys be tact that will lutchko lov to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarilyo bhe tact that weletchka love to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarilys bhe thact that wiletchka love to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch to was sto quite smawl and have learnede distinguish wehween her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting ind her nurs hs arms made a sudden rogish crimiss and hid her laughing face ind the neur s is shoulder
	layer_4: when the luchga was still quite small an have learneda distinguish wetween her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nursehis arms made a sudden rogish grimis and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_6: when theluchga was still quite small and had learned a distinguished between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden rugish grimas and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_8: when lelochka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when lulotchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when lulotchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she would look o ith a slihe ancs
	layer_4: then she would lookd out with a sli glance
	layer_6: then she would look out with a slid glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thugh she reprocde hself at once for this unsfounded seuperesticious tread never the les she could not ender hoe heartedlyinge the speared ll luch cus favourt game and she titedi verit lieluch cause at tension to something elce
	layer_4: though she reproachd herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread neverthelesst she could not ender whole heartedly ine the spired liallutch ca's favourite game and she tryted diverit laluch cause attention to something else
	layer_6: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly int the spirid walecca's favourite game and she trye to diverite telete case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hole heartedly into the spirit laletchka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender holeheartedly into the spirit lalutchka's favorite game and she tried to divert lalechka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender holeheartedly into the spirit lalutchka's favorite game and she tried to divert laletchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she eager ly complid wi their mothers ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wit hir mothers newwishes
	layer_6: she eagerily complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: serefhy m alics and jrona try desperately to immuse glouchca
	layer_4: sarephy ma alic and jomena tri desperately to  amuse lalechca
	layer_6: sarapima alexan jomna tried desperately to  amused lelecica
	layer_8: saraphima alexand jrovna tried desperately to amuse lalecika
	layer_10: saraphima alexand djovna tried desperately to amuse lalechika
	layer_12: saraphima alexand dovna tried desperately to amuse lalechika

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: perhaps thut sar fy ma alix sin jovna she 'is not as stroungly drahnd o the worl as other children who had tracted by many things
	layer_4: perhaps thuht sarifema alec sen gobvena she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who herettracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thought sarrafema alexinjovna she is not astrongly drawn to the worlof as other children who rettracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought saraphema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the worl o as other children who w retracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought sarapema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn nto the world as other children who wre attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sarafema alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn nto the world as other children who were attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: if this aso is id not a signe ofwereganic eekness
	layer_4: if this esso is it not a sign of organic eekness
	layer_6: if this isso is it not a sign of erganic weakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarfhy molg sind jrov no herself began the game onceer twie thagh she plaedet with a heay heart
	layer_4: serfhy malxsan drovena herselft began the game once or twice thaugh she played it with a heay heart
	layer_6: serfe malrxandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: sarphy malexendrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: sarphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: sarphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she suffered as thogh commiting an evil dee with full consciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with ful consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was a sad day for serfy mols and drvna
	layer_4: it was a sad day for serf malic and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for serfe malix and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarpe malexandrovna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for sarpfm alexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for sarfm alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: hew mother covered her with the blie blank it
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a ble blank et
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a ble blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lotl wuch could drew her sleev little hands from under the blanket andstrehed then mth iam brace her mother her mother ben down
	layer_4: low luch culd drew her sleie little hands from under the blanket and stresched them out toem brace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_6: lolutch coald drew her slee little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out tro embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: lulutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lalotchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lalotchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seemed so smong so frailander the boinkat that comvered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smang so frailunder the blink at that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smal n so frail under the blinket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so smalland so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarfhi mlcs and jrovbe nor main standing o erleluch kas bad a long wile and she ceapt looking ant wlluch ket witd tenderness n fear
	layer_4: sar fpemalics and droven o eremains standing of erleletchok as badt a long while and she cap looking at leluchkat with tenderness and fear
	layer_6: sarafem alican drovna remains standing over lelechicas bad a long while and she capt looking at lalecca with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara phema alexandrovna remainesd standing over lalechika's bad a long while and she kept looking at lalechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing ofer lalachka's bat a long while and she kept looking at lalatchka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara fema alexandrovna remained standing ofr lalatchka's bat a long while and she kept looking at lalatchka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i nomother is at possible that isiuldt be able to pretacter she thought is she aimmagin the verious ils that might be follo utchca
	layer_4: i'm ma mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protector she thought is she imagined the various ills that might be follo latchka
	layer_6: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall olachica
	layer_8: i'm ma mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fallolachica
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alacika
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall alacika

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she praied long bat night bt the prayre did not raleave her sadness
	layer_4: she prayied long bat night but the prayer did not releave her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dhase passt wiel luch a coght cold
	layer_4: several dhays past will lutch gacoht cold
	layer_6: several days pased wil lutckacot cold
	layer_8: several days passed wiletchkacok cold
	layer_10: several days passed lletchka kott cold
	layer_12: several days passed loletchka kott cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fever came upon herant night
	layer_4: the fever came upon her ant night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefhy malics and rovena awakcen by fidosia came ted lel luch ghen saw her looking so hot so rethslessin soir tarmenged she instintly recalledth evle oman and a hopeas desparigtk possession of her from the first moments
	layer_4: when seriphyma alics and jrovena awakene by fidosia camda laletch gon saw her looking so hot so reshsless and so tarmented she instantly recalledth evil omen and a hopelas despari tok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema alexon jovna awakened by phidosia camedod le letch kun saw her looking so hot so restless ind so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despaire took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when syraphema alexan drovna awakened by phidosia cande leletchkun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the egil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia canda laletchkan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia canda laluzchkan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evile omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a doctor was called an everything was dom that his usual anc such ccasions but the en eveitble happen
	layer_4: adoctor was called an everything was done that is usual un such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that his usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and the luch ka gre seebler from mour to our
	layer_4: and the lutchka grew seebler from hour to houwr
	layer_6: and leluchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and leleshka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and lalutshka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and lulushka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing made her so anhapp y as ta rederations o fid olsia u therd between sobvs she hid heself andhitherself oura laletcha
	layer_4: nothing made her so and happy as the reaterations of pidosia atered between sobes she hidherself and hit herself ourleletcca
	layer_6: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of pidosia uttered between sabs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechica
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidocia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself ourlalechka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aur lalatchka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fever was conceeming whie lechka and there retimesand she los consciousness in spokinderle arium
	layer_4: fever was conceming la letchka and there retimes and she lost consciousness in spokendaliarium
	layer_6: fever was concuming lalechka and there were times hen she lost consciousness and spoke en dolirium
	layer_8: fever was consuming lalechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in tdeliirium
	layer_10: fever was consaming laletschka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken delirium
	layer_12: fever was conseaming laletschka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoken delirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: threedas pass torturing likea might mar
	layer_4: three days pas tortering like a might mare
	layer_6: three days pased torturing like a night mare
	layer_8: three days passed torturing like a night mare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: sor fymayt lexc sin jroveni hid hor face behihned the curtaen's near lel lutch as bed how tragict
	layer_4: siphema alec and govena hiter face behignd the curtains near lar letch as bed how tragict
	layer_6: sarfhema elexand jovna hit her face behind the curtains near le lechuicas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalecheka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laletsheka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lauletsheka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: awaite nmo much ga whisbperidly lutdgha
	layer_4: a wite mamuchca whisperedlea letcca
	layer_6: a white mamochka whispered la lecica
	layer_8: a white mamochika whispered lalachica
	layer_10: a white mamochika whispered lalachika
	layer_12: a white mamotchika whispered lalatchika

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo much was wit face be came blard and everything grew dark before la lchka
	layer_4: momuch cas white face became blurd and everything grew dark beforelolutchica
	layer_6: momochka's white face became blured and everything grew dark before lolechica
	layer_8: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachica
	layer_10: maumochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachika
	layer_12: maumochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachika

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she mat her husband
	layer_4: she metter husband
	layer_6: she met her husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: serfim alics and droveno a standing by the coffnd and looking duliat her duad child
	layer_4: sarpema elex and drovekno as standing by the coffint and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_6: sarphema elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking duly at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarpima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarfhima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: se mlo my dear done d agitate yourself said sagan ota sovigiin a whisper
	layer_4: see ma my dear don' t agitate yourself said sirgam ud a stovice ind a whisper
	layer_6: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sargimmodostovitch in a whisper
	layer_8: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergimodastovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: cima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergimorastovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergirmorastovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resign yourself toyour fat
	layer_4: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she ll be oupen am minute prcisted serfemalixsan jovena her eyes fixd on the deadlittle girl
	layer_4: she'll be up an a minute persisted serfhe malican govena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be upin a minute persisted sarfemalexan jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfhem alexandovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarfema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sergame oft a stovicge looked round him catiously he was afraid of the ounseemly and of the rediculous
	layer_4: sirgame out a stovagh looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_6: sergame t a stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemlyan of the ridiculous
	layer_8: sergem moistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem lean of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serge mordistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liand of the ridiculous
	layer_12: sergey madistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseem liand of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don agrtat yourself he repeded
	layer_4: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem a don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he was confuwsdan a knowiyehdt
	layer_4: he was confusedand aknoyd
	layer_6: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her faceeeme trankle n her eyes were dry
	layer_4: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankl and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranqil and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she wont into the nurseryin began towalk round the room looking into thus places werela lutch g a used to hid herself
	layer_4: she ent into the nurserin began to walk round the room looking into thos places were low lutchga used to hid herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserim began to walk round the room looking into those places were lolechka used to hide herself
	layer_8: she went into the nurseryne began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she alked all about the room and ben now nd tanted look underd the ctabler und to the bed and ceptrine repeting cherfuly whereis my lit ta one where is my lowlutchka
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now and thango look under the table ar unto the bed and keptaon repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my low lutchka
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then o look under the tableer under the bed and kept rin repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lo luchka
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then shoul look under the table re under the bed and kept hun repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then should look under the table or under the bed and kept unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then soud look under the table or under the bed and kept unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walked row the room one she begant make her quas in near
	layer_4: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in u
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest on yeu
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on youw
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest an yeu
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest an eu

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: pfid osia motionleas wuthd the ducted fac sad an a corner and looked frighte edot her misteress than she suddenly bursttat sobping and she wal lodly
	layer_4: phidosia motionless with dhedected face sat an a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_6: phidosia motionless with dejectivd face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobping and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: phidosia motionless with dejectede face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing end she wailed loudly
	layer_12: phidosia motionless with dejected face sate in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing tan she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid herself and hid hersolf aur loe letch gar ar and jeloic little soul
	layer_4: she hid herself and hit herself our loletchgar er and jelic little soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hid herself ar lolechgar ir and jelic little soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our laletchgar er angelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself our lolatchgar ar angelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself our lolotchgar ar angelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she ender the porla there ers several peoper between hur indle luchga
	layer_4: when she enter the parla there was several peoper between her in lhelutchka
	layer_6: when she entered the parloar there was several peoper between her in leluchka
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there was several peeper between her and lalachka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there was several peeper between her and lalatchka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlour there was several peeper between her and lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was in a presefeeling of havviness in serfe malic samd jroveness hadas she approachd l a luchka
	layer_4: there was an a presive feeling of haviness and serifyw malec some jroveneus had as she approached lelutchca
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serapemalic some jovnas head as she approached lalecca
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and seraphe ma lik som jovna's head as she approached laletchka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in saraphema lakamdrovna's head as she approached leletchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in saraphema lacsamdrovna's head as she approached lelutchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: woluch gal lay ther stilin pae and smilep a fetictly
	layer_4: eluchgo lay there still an pale and smile pahetically
	layer_6: elecca lay there still an pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_8: lolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_10: lelachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: lelazchka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the litta wunedid notr ply
	layer_4: the little one did not reply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: saerf mlcxsan jrna sot apbarecd side in a lost way smiled and caoed ladlwy lt lutchka
	layer_4: sarfhe maliexs and jroven a sotap arect sihe an a lost way smiled and cad laudly let letchka
	layer_6: sarfhemalic an dovna sood ap erect side in a lost way smiled and coed loudly lelechka
	layer_8: sarphe malexandovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and called loudly lalechka
	layer_10: saraphymalexandrovna stood up erect sigded in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelutshka
	layer_12: saraphymalexandrovna stood up erect sigde in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelutshka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: lo lutch kgohas being carried out
	layer_4: lo lutchgoes being carried out
	layer_6: lolechgoes being carried out
	layer_8: loletchgos being carried out
	layer_10: loletchgois being carried out
	layer_12: loletchgo's being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this momeot the heavhy bet ofh stlawm on the rouof ceased with m iratl as sudness leavein the ol sot world impt of sound san for the drip drip drip oviese
	layer_4: at this momewent the heav u beat of the storm on the roof seased with moractl afs suddness leavein the outsout world impty of sound saim for the drip dripp drip of eves
	layer_6: at this monment the heavey beat of the storm on the roof ceased with mireculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound saint for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound sang for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound sayneg for the drip drip drip of eves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound saving for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad ever sort of peop oith hi solf enon and as i was look aothata pupher game i' saw he moul
	layer_4: we had ever sorit of people with hisolften on and as i was look ou that a poplir game i saw te all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a sopten on and as i was look out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_8: we had ever sort of people with e softin on and as i was lookngout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with he sofphen on and as i was lookingout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had ever sort of people with he sofphen on and as i was looking out at a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same insnan a heard the roup lf still thoeh clal t and filt the sharp stabbhim he lifet lag
	layer_4: at the same incsnan to heard the roup of still throgh clawth and felt the sharps stab him a left lig
	layer_6: at the same institend ta heard the rip of still through cloth and felt the sharp stabb him a left leg
	layer_8: at the same instit et o herd the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant nt a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant ant a herd the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then i skotted to see what rdo cup me and foun atd the fill i atd lost to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see what hedo cup me and foundat the filoi had lost o hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see what had o cutp me and found hat the fellw had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had o cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and place of at he wre a sharb still hoook
	layer_4: and place of it he wore a sharb still hoook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharb stell hook
	layer_8: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout of s bee in a lif for he was bret an hart like amman dos when e get s hit over the had idt in' soun good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of his be in a live for he was bratand hard like a man does when ho gets hit over the hid it didn't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath an hard like a man doez when he gets hit over the heid it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathe and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathe and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man brees at way his motsty all gon
	layer_4: when a man breaded at way heis mostly all gone
	layer_6: when a man breedes that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breeths that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breathes that way he is mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: meang got bettad overt herad oftan aenoghan thos days
	layer_4: mian got bettet overth head often enough and those days
	layer_6: men got bettet over the head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got betted over the head off en enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted over the head offen enough in those days
	layer_12: men got bettered over the head offen enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: sou a win s fin ae put aon and shape to hel but his no soudint irip
	layer_4: souerine his find ta put a woun and shaped o hel but is no souitan syrup
	layer_6: sar wine is find that put a wound and shaped to heal but is no suit and syrup
	layer_8: salorwin is fined tot put a wound in shape to heel but i's no suit in syrup
	layer_10: saorwane is fine that put a wound in shape to heal but its no souit in syrup
	layer_12: sarwane is fine that put a wound in shape to heal but its no souit in syrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their coltin wors their ship and the grav ther was the sea blow high blow low what care we and he quarterd that we gave thenm was the sent them in the sea don on the coast of the hi babere
	layer_4: their colfinwears their ship and the grave ther was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarterd thayt we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the hidbarberi
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave het was the sea blow hih blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sint them in tho sea done on the coast of the hig barbaeri
	layer_8: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbri
	layer_10: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberi
	layer_12: their coffin weres their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barberie

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it far made mahear rise o herhan with a bi g still somn desitout side an the quiet moon light an ta shadtowes and him sit in ub straightan got his eys blae onteeach sid his bidegle nos and is snak y hair hing on over the ral cut ocrosas he had
	layer_4: it fair made may har rise to heareham with the bigs still solem desirt outside and the quiet moon light in the shadows and him sit an up straight and gaunt his eyes blase and eeach side his big eagal knowse and his snake hair hingan over the raw ut ocross his hehad
	layer_6: it feir made my hare rise to hear him with te big still solemn desertd outside and the quiet moonlight in he shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazeined each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair henging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_8: et far made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazind each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: ed fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still sulemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: et fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still sulemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: how wover o made out to giting bandag eup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of wonto sleep
	layer_4: however a made out to getting banda jup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of one tosleep
	layer_6: however i made out to getding bandageup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of ont to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out t getting bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon hes sort of went to sleep
	layer_10: however i made out to getting bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of went to sleep
	layer_12: however i made out to getting bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of went to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and aginnid seing that barb re som etouhd gad look at the ll collarout o floand by jist to be sure i atd dadn gombelow or yailshe just talk
	layer_4: hand again it seeing that barbery so meti id go oudn look at the oll colo rout of floen by a just to be sure i ha nd did ant gom below or else just talk
	layer_6: hen again id seing that barba ry sai metil i gooudind look at the old colorod of flowing by just to be sure i hdn' died ant gone below or elsie just talk
	layer_8: then again he'd sing that barbary saw me till i o go out and look at the old coloradaa flowing by just to be sure i hadn died ind gone below or elshe just talk
	layer_10: then again he'd sing that barbaray saw me till ido go out and look at the old colorada flowing by just to be sure i hadn' diedin gone below or else he just talk
	layer_12: then again he'd sing that barbary saw me till i'do go out and look at the old colorada flowing by just to be sure i hadn't diedin gone below or else he just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he began wheth he was ackid and he gave his sit of conversations palsand for e plise
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave his siht of conversations puls and for redplis
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave has sihe of conversations pauls in for replies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paullsand for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi sight of conversations pauls and for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave i sight of conversations pauls and for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i usd so listend by the hour but i never made out anything realling portanes to who tha man was where he com foron a whathe done
	layer_4: i use to listened by the hour but i never made out anything realli igportantes to who the man was awhere he come forom a what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really importantas to who the man was owhere he come forun o what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d in payini attenthn t un for his quiet
	layer_4: i dent pantheg attentiont to hn for his quiet
	layer_6: i didnt pay ny attention to him for his quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to him for his quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for heis quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for he's quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usualad idnbother with is tall for a did meananga thing a somethin in is voice maeb turm
	layer_4: usuall ad didn't bother with his tal for a didn't mean ny thing as something in his voice may me turm
	layer_6: usually i didn't bother with his tal for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me turm
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his tall for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turm
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turm
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly and on a side thos black eyes of he his blason ait me but now both of themsal the same distance
	layer_4: he was lion on haside thos black eyeas of he is blazon at me but now both of themsel the same distance
	layer_6: he was lion on his side those black eyes of he has blazon at me but now both of them sel the same distance
	layer_8: he was lying on his side those black eyes of he is blazond at me but now both of them salve the same distance
	layer_10: he was lying on his side those black eyes of heas blazon at me but now both of them sawve the same distance
	layer_12: he was lying on his side those black eyes of hs blazon at me but now both of them sawve the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo was y askd varingtente
	layer_4: whera my clot was he asked veringtense
	layer_6: where my clos he asked veryintense
	layer_8: where are my clothes he asked very intints
	layer_10: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: one litl squeese tok a bater dadly weapons
	layer_4: one little squeezse talk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze talk batcher deadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze talk abacher deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze talkabacher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze talkabacher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: bhut he been to sircento longabt
	layer_4: but he been to sicon too long abead
	layer_6: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long abed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and a minner o sou he cane to
	layer_4: ind a minur to sel he came to
	layer_6: ind a minur to se he came too
	layer_8: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: now you'r a nigte sweet proposition said i as soonas iu ia sure he couldoter stamd me
	layer_4: now you're a nigc sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could outterstand me
	layer_6: now your a nigce sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you are a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you are a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe enough lend me havd thom he bigd
	layer_4: ther' safe enough len we had them he begged
	layer_6: theresafe enough lend me had them he bigged
	layer_8: they'are safe enough len me have them he begged
	layer_10: they 're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: they'are safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: no lookd her said i you can't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_4: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: a kno he pleaded a limme see them
	layer_4: ad know he pleated a lime see them
	layer_6: an kno he pleated but li me see them
	layer_8: and know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: i know he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: juste satisfi imet a pesed overes old derds
	layer_4: just e satisfi m that pased over his old dirds
	layer_6: just as satisfi im a pesstd over his old dids
	layer_8: just as satisfy him ha pesed over his old dirds
	layer_10: just as satisfy him a pesed over his old dids
	layer_12: just as satisfy him a pessed over his old dirds

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave been wrod the cried
	layer_4: ave been roded he cried
	layer_6: have been robbed he cried
	layer_8: iave been robbed he cried
	layer_10: ive been robbed he cried
	layer_12: i've been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: weas macoat he askd
	layer_4: where's ama coat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's a coat he asked
	layer_10: where's m a coat he asked
	layer_12: where's m a coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you hed no co when o pit you up ou replied
	layer_4: you had no co when o pict you up i replied
	layer_6: you had no coat when i pit you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pich you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitcd you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pitced you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he loked h me mogdis tu spicious but didn't san ything more he would new an ancuer en a spolke to him
	layer_4: he loked a me mudes uspicious but didn't say n ything more he would ne an answer whene i spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked a meed mody suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn neev an answer when i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked a me muddy suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't eveen answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked ton me mughty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked ton me mughty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deetn a far mail he felloas sleep
	layer_4: after he deeten a fair meile he fell a sleep
	layer_6: after he deeden a fair malle he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he'd aten't a fair mill he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'd eaten a fair mil he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eaten a fair mill he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: whon i came back that even an the bunk isimpti and he was galn
	layer_4: when i came back that even in the bunk was impty and he was gong
	layer_6: when i came back that even in te bunk was emptyand he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even an the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that even in the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that evenin in the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: i d in seem aegan hortwo days
	layer_4: i didn seeme agan for two days
	layer_6: i didn't seem gan for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seemim again for two days
	layer_10: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't see him again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: thin a cug sat omn quettaways o
	layer_4: then a cat sat ofn quae aways o
	layer_6: then a cugt sat im quite aways olf
	layer_8: then i caught sat i hm quite a ways off
	layer_10: then i caught sat of him quite aways off
	layer_12: then i caught sit of him quite aways off

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: guess eesuspicirus ie stol tha il codo heis thinkxsi and aftrwars a found theat myt surmishad been corript
	layer_4: gess he suspicious i stole theat will cotto his thinks i and afterwards f found that myt surmise had been correct
	layer_6: guess e suspicious i stolle that will cotor his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_8: gessi suspicious i stole that will coto his thanks i and afterward i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: gessi suspicious i stole that will quote his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: gessi suspicious i stole that will qote his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: how wever he den stay long anthat franmof minde
	layer_4: however he ddnt stay long en that frame of mine
	layer_6: however he didn't stay along in that frame of mind
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ran o pol agone
	layer_4: a ran o pum agine
	layer_6: arana pol magun
	layer_8: irana pol magon
	layer_10: i ran a pul ma gan
	layer_12: i ran a pul ma gon

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: aemakes was fleght ons face is armstritched oup
	layer_4: ta mexs was flagt on h's face his arms stritched out
	layer_6: the mix was flat on his face his arms stritched out
	layer_8: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the midl of his back na a one orn frand
	layer_4: on the middle of his back niwd my one arn frend
	layer_6: on the middle of his back nil i my one arn frend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back knel od my one arm friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back knill od my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back kneill on my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: anyway at thress a muzelof mycoldt en to the sailars face what's thersi askd
	layer_4: anyway a thres the muzle of my coltanto the sailar' face what's theisi asked
	layer_6: anyway a threst a muzzle of my coltsin to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway ithrust a muzzle of my coltson to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle over my colts into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle over my colts into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i an he mid montyo of and ton youl curv is said he
	layer_4: i wein he madmontyou off an toni curvis said he
	layer_6: a wen he mid montu off antonial kurvis said he
	layer_8: awen hi midmont of antonio curvise said he
	layer_10: awen hi medmonti of antonio curvice said he
	layer_12: aween hi medmonti of antonio curvice said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the glem died from his ei the snawll liftd his lips
	layer_4: tha gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_6: tha gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_8: tha gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snawl lift his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snaw liftd his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and any casey fluw pocl prota leave rmean mou frind together
	layer_4: and any case e flew pocal pronto leave me and myh friend together
	layer_6: an any case he flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew pocho pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case the flew poco pronto leave me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drnd the next oo months she was a good dial about town mostte doan o jobes i saw i mof enime
	layer_4: dureng the next who month he was a good deal about town mostly doan ou jobs i saw i moff en ime
	layer_6: during the next who month she was a good deal about town mostly doina jobs i saw him of and ime
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly dumanad jobs i saw him off and yn
	layer_10: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly dumana jobs i saw him off anine
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly dumanad jobs i saw him off anine

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however i d in paymuch attnchen to that bein at the time all mighty busy hold don acardgames
	layer_4: however i din't pay much attention to that be an at the time all might y busy holdn don a card games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that be ing at the time al mighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_8: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as all wright said i whuc hu biter stayuwrout there
	layer_4: tha's all right said i but you better stay wrouht there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roight there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roight there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay right there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: inwent to make upto you fre trouble sit ye
	layer_4: i went to make up to you foree trouble cit he
	layer_6: i want to make up to you for e trouble sid he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for a trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for ya trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for ya trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: wa conof goot thing i asd treasure said he
	layer_4: ha count of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_6: what count of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_8: what coun of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what coun of good things i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what con of good things i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all ridin ough nowther drun nera loko
	layer_4: he looked all rid enough now ther drunk nora loko
	layer_6: he looked all right enough nowthe drunp nor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drunp nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: set ounsaid i over there the othe sidt o ht table
	layer_4: sed ons aid i over there the other sode of the table
	layer_6: set on said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: seit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: set down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he did so nha far way said i
	layer_4: he did so na far away said i
	layer_6: he did so na far away said i
	layer_8: he did so ofar away said i
	layer_10: he did so notfaraway said i
	layer_12: he did so not far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its of big thing said handty soloe meti me for thes not only gol but altr jewls and daamons
	layer_4: and its of big thing sind hand y solemetomy for they'se not only gol but altrojewels and diamons
	layer_6: and it's of big thamg sein handy solomatimmi for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said hande soleom a timi for they 's not only gol but altr jewels and di'monds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomo an timi for they's not only gold but altra jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solomo an timi for they's not only gold but altr jewels and di'amonds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ili make as rich and hi doesn'tlikes and ecing kisst the book on that
	layer_4: it wil make is rich and i dosen like is and ecen kissed he book on that
	layer_6: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and eqan kiss the book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and he an kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and i doesn't like is and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and i doesn't like is and he can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thert may all be tru sid ir but whi de tell me
	layer_4: then may all be tru cit i but why de tell me
	layer_6: then may all be true csaid a but why d yeu tell me
	layer_8: then may all be true said i but why d you tell me
	layer_10: then may all be true said i but why do yeu tell me
	layer_12: then may all be true said i but why do ye tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: why on't to get yo trerase awit thout he neede dovidenent
	layer_4: why don't to get you trersur without the need o devidement
	layer_6: why dont yo get you treasure without the need of dividenment
	layer_8: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_10: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_12: why don't you get you treasure without the need of dividement

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why made he enswerd is just plaine greatitude
	layer_4: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_6: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: dint you sayve a liugh an nust me and take areve me whent i was not killd
	layer_4: didn't you save ma liuge and nus me and take carevof me when i was not killed
	layer_6: did't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: did't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: did't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look her anderson er hand y soman  whatever you pleased o clyuself ouerejone to this oe forgoin' to do busnos if me and i do not understand yet just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk straigt
	layer_4: look here anderson or handy solemond a whatever you please to call yourself ourejoin to this e fre goingt to do busins wifh me and i do not understand yet just what it y as you want of me you'll have tho talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy soleomen a whatever you please to call yourself i rejoine to this e fere going to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it e as you want of me you 'ill have to talk straight
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solemon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoind to this he fere going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this ye fear going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this ye fear going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: it's al very well ta sae gratitune but thed don't go with me
	layer_4: it's all very well to saye gratitude but theyd don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to say gratitude but thy don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: thet deveils appreature f ne los ao panfethes said he
	layer_4: thet doevils a preacher if ne lost or pen father said he
	layer_6: the devils a preacher if nay lost your penfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your penfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your pen feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your pen feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this than i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this than i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: wel's this then i got to have aboa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well 's this then i got to have a boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well t's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have help with te treasure iv his like this fell set it worst
	layer_4: and i got to halve help with the treasure ef islike his fell o said it wars
	layer_6: and i got to have help with ta treasure if is like his fell ws sait it was
	layer_8: and i got to have help with tha treasure if isliked his fellow said it was
	layer_10: and i got to have help wit the treasure if disliked his fellow said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help wit the treasurer if disliked this fellow said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money i got to have and is moneya heaven't got and kaink gid an lis alit sombode an his partner
	layer_4: it's money a got to have and its money a havn't got and kin' gi an lis a lits somebodye ain his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i got to have and it's money a heaven't got and can't get and liss a lid somebody an his pardoner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless a lit somebody inn his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless a lit somebody an his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless a lits somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whiy me asked why not he retorted
	layer_4: whiyl me asked why not he retorted
	layer_6: why mi asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk the matter over it ling
	layer_4: we talk the matter over at lingk
	layer_6: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_8: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talked the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: ia stood af for a largereporty
	layer_4: i stood aftor a larger party
	layer_6: i stood after a larger party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly appose this as deppreciad n the shairs but i had no inttention of gon aloneanto what was tancon sidere a will dan dangerous country fianaily we compermized
	layer_4: he strongdly opposed this as depreciat in the shairs but i had no intention of gone alon into what was dincon sidered of waldan dangerous country finally we compromized
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciat in the shares but i had no intention of goine alone indto what was then considered o walldan dangerous country finally we comprmised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wald and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild end dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild end dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thirt of the trsua was to go dohim a thir to me and the rest was tobe ovoided among the man who mushould solect this skemed id not ap pile o him
	layer_4: a thrt of the trersul was to go to him a third to me and the resto was tobe devided among the man whomus should select this scheme did not a pilld to him
	layer_6: a third of the treasul was to go to him au third to me and the restor was to be divided among the man whomi should select this scheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the resta was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeall to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbhe sinster existoa prus nao re smonsability we each reportet dutifully at the rol call of habit and drowback into aour blinkats wit the greateful si
	layer_4: but sinceter exister for us no respmonsibility we each reportet dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blinkets with he gratful sidhe
	layer_6: but since there exister for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw backd into our blinkets with a grateful side
	layer_8: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_10: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the role call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: ou remembet the moon saland a good gade among epparonly stationary cloudlets o recall it deep black shad o line betfor distant silvery mountains i glanst over he stark motionaous canvases each o which concild oman they ir trimbled with he belloen of cattle ind the corows
	layer_4: iu remember the moon salan a good gate among apparantly stationary cloudleds i recall i deep black shadowe lion withfore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionaless canvases each of which consiled a mand they ard trembled with the bellement of cattle ind the corrows
	layer_6: i remember the moon silan a good gate among apparently stationary claudleds i recall a deep black shadow liond behfore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionales canvases each of which concelled a man the aird trembled with the belloon of cattle ind the corals
	layer_8: i remembere the moon sailong a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow liond before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudles i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellomen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellomen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: soimminly but a momen late the cooks hol brugbme tho counschious ness again
	layer_4: siinly but a moment lader the cooks howd brub me to consciousness again
	layer_6: simmingly but a moment later the cooks howl brugb me to consciousness again
	layer_8: seemingly but a moment later the cooks hawl broubd me to consciousness again
	layer_10: seemingly but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: seemingly but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: thre woer o care for the remoda fiveware to move the straight heard from the crowuse to good feed three bran crus ere told e brand the cas we had colected ind the cut ofd the afternoomefor that tookob about halef the man
	layer_4: three were to care for the remoda fiveware to moved the straight heard from the crowse to good feed three brene crews ore told to bran the cas we had collected and the cut of the afteroon before that tookop about half the man
	layer_6: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight heard from the crous to good feed three brendn cruws ere told to brand the cafs we had collected ind the cut of the afteroom before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the ramoda five were to move the straight herd from the cras to good feed three brendand crews were told to brand the calvs we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the ramoda five were to move the straight herd fromt crals to good feed three brendon crews were told to brand the calfs we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the ramoda five were to move the straight herd from  carals to good feed three brendond crews were told to brand the calfs we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris ere to make a shore drive an a solt grass
	layer_4: the rist were to make a shore drive n te solt grass
	layer_6: the ristwere to make a shore driv in te salt grass
	layer_8: the rist wer to make a short drive in the sald grass
	layer_10: the wrists were to make a short drive in the sald grass
	layer_12: the wrists were to make a short drive in the salitd grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the onaonce who did go a fout however a though the crows wore not moredthn two hundred yardeis distance
	layer_4: we were the ono once who did go a fhoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yarde is distance
	layer_6: we were the ono ones who did go a foot however althugh the crows were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_8: we were the only onces who did go afoot however although the craws were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards a distance
	layer_12: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the crowds were not more than two hundred yards a distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: whutwen the up rit bars of greeas wood withcoild see the cattele and near the ops ios sid the min build in a fir  nixt the fence
	layer_4: betwen the uprighte bars of greesewood with coud see the cattle and year the ops is side the men built en a fire a next the fence
	layer_6: between the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the oppos is side the men build in o fire adnext te fence
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men built in a fire and next the fence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire an next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire and next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pusd op im the wide gat an ennerd
	layer_4: we pushed up im the wide gate an entered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: wencetod witen fmthend thoffinish at she f o lon jege stepan arons in his hand
	layer_4: wincetood witen for them befinish a shef of lon jge stamp ind irons in hits hand
	layer_6: henestood witten for them to finish a shief of long gge stampand irons in his hand
	layer_8: one stood waitting for them to finish a shef of long j ge stampin irons in his hand
	layer_10: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long jg stamping irons in his hand
	layer_12: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long jg stamping irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the ra squated on their hels an mong the finse smok at sigaratsan chate angether
	layer_4: all the res squated on their hels alongd the fince smokean cigarates and chatten angether
	layer_6: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smokin cigarates and chatton hagether
	layer_8: all the rets squatted on their heels along the fence smokeand cigaretes and chatten tagether
	layer_10: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoke and cigarettes and chatten together
	layer_12: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoke and cigarettes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: a firist ras of the son signid a cross an one great sweep from the remoedmounis
	layer_4: a first ras of the sun signedt across and one great sweep from the remoe mountains
	layer_6: at first rays of the sun signed across and one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_8: at first rays of the sun signed across ind one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: at first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: at first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: humer woodnt ha nold kellth fonthy jhn road in among the kattle
	layer_4: homer wooden the old kellth fornte john rode in among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden e old calt fornty john rodeing among the cattle
	layer_8: homer woodeng and old calaforni john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as he loopd settled he jurkd sharply upard exactl is one would strikt to hook a bik fish
	layer_4: as the loop settled he gerkd sharply upward exactly his one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hum wae rept the rope twise wr thric abouthe horn and set over and on strped of vored the tihd nlin anto preserve the bouns
	layer_4: home orapt the roked twice were thrise about the horn and set over ind one striped a void the tidt and line and to preserved the bouance
	layer_6: homeerapped the roke twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once stiripped avord the tiden line und to preserve the balance
	layer_8: home rapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one stripp tavoid the tidan lione ond to preserve the balance
	layer_10: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tiden lion an to preserve the balance
	layer_12: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tideng lion an to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no wbhad he paed iny attincent to the calfh
	layer_4: nobod he payed iny attenciont to the caf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: bue hind him followtd his anxious mother her had swing and from sidedeside new ther fire te horse stoped
	layer_4: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swing an from side tocide nar ther fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingan from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingingd from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: the two buld ogers hnmedialy posnts upon the victom
	layer_4: the two bul dogers himmedinly pounes upon the victom
	layer_6: the two bul dogrs ammedidtely pounce upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly flouped over on ats right sid
	layer_4: it was promptly floped over on its right side
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the calf was uneable a strugble
	layer_4: thus the cah was unable to struggle
	layer_6: dus the cath was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when want you have had the wind noted outof you orraber to broken you seased at think thi sonecessariely rouf
	layer_4: when ont you have had the wind nocked out of you or a rabeur two broken you seased a think thes a necessarily rough
	layer_6: when want you have had the wind nocked out of you or a ribor too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_8: when oncte you have had the wind knocked out of you or a ribb or two broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: hot iren yolld oneo the bould ogrs
	layer_4: hot iron yo eld one of the bol dogers
	layer_6: hot iron yeueld one of the buldogrs
	layer_8: hot iron yeled one of the bull dogers
	layer_10: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bulldoggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yll te other
	layer_4: markar yell the other
	layer_6: marker yielldthe other
	layer_8: marker yeled the other
	layer_10: mark her yelled the other
	layer_12: mark her yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brandta prese the airnd smotely against the flink
	layer_4: the brand to pressed the iran smoodly against the flank
	layer_6: the brand epressed the iran smootly against the flank
	layer_8: the brand depressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brand der pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brand der pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: fperhaps he ca't blate a little less that he't scortced
	layer_4: perhaps he caph bladed a little les that hea'd scorched
	layer_6: perhaps ha cat blated a little less that heed scorched
	layer_8: perhaps tha cap bladed a little less that hea' scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cap bladed a little less that hea scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cap bladed a little less tha hea scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran showl chery which is the propercolorto indtocate deu peleon and isuccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran showe chery which is the proper color to indicate duo pelint and is successful mark
	layer_6: the bran showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peland and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peland and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peiland and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due peland and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: hen i nikedhot a swall tell in the other
	layer_4: they heknicked hout a swal tell in the other
	layer_6: they heknike out a swallow tell on the other
	layer_8: then enickhed out a swallow tal on the other
	layer_10: then he nickhed out a swallow tal on the other
	layer_12: then he nicked out a swallow tal on the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: is seem some the great duil  u neces sery twaottls brad es to the extrem crilty of branon
	layer_4: it seems o me ther great dul of anecessary twattls broad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_6: it seems to me tha great deal of unnecessary twattl is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to me tha great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: unddoutably at is to some extin painful it could somemothe mithort of ready a dinfication be ovised it miyt be as well to a doptid ind preference
	layer_4: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other mithod of ready a denification be divised it miht be as wel to adoptet and preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a denification be devised it might be as well to adopt id in preference
	layer_8: undoubtedbly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready i dentification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extinguish ble laft r fall thes spritd of his doped im throughar as ona
	layer_4: inextinguishable laght r fall thisprid of this doct o throuh arizona
	layer_6: inextinguishable laught re fallo the sprit of this doctron throug arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laught ere fall the sprit of this doctrin through arizona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fallo the spirit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fallow the sprit of this doctrine through arizona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: a megin am punture ascyndent exem politly the eirtags of wil cattle on the open range rin around up
	layer_4: amagine a punturae a sendento examn politly the iritags of wild cattle on the open range rein around up
	layer_6: imagine a punthr doscen in to examind politely the irritags of wild cattle on the open range ere in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descend into examin politely the er tags of wild cattle on the open range were in around up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range were in a round up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range were in a round up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a capfisually bels when te irond bits but a soon as releas ty almost an verably guos to fede or to lookanitaly about
	layer_4: a cafesually bells when the iron bites but as soon as releasd he almost anveriably gost of feteng or to look anitally about
	layer_6: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost o feetin or to look an idily about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost of fetin or to look i idily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of pheton or to look in idly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of pheton or to look in idly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: be sids which it happens but woncs in a live time and his over in tin seconce accomfor did nit to those of vus wo ove had ourteeath fil
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but once in alive time and his over intin seconds accomfor did night to those of us wo have had ourteethfield
	layer_6: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort dednight to those of us who have had our teethfield
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deni to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denid to those of us who have had our teeth field

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the little animals was but a few mnthsold so the ridre did not bo the with hits hine layks but tols is lupover its neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few months old so the riter did not bou the with its higne lages but tus his loup over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animalst was but a few months old so the riter did not bouther with its hin legs but talst his loop over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bother with its hin legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister fros as bul calf alon and pictor of history shawws the atitudes
	layer_4: mister fros a bull cal alone and picgd tor of history shows the atitudes
	layer_6: mister frot's bullcaf alone and pickd torr ol history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister frost's bullcalf alone and pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bullcalf alone and pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frosts's bullcaff alone and pictorial history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and then of course there was tha gordgeis contras betweenall this frintac and uncomperhinen excidement and the absolue matter of fact ind perpeat tability of horsan writer
	layer_4: and then of courese there was the gorgees contras between all this frantic and uncomprehineon excitement and the absolupe matter ef fact in peroputability of horse an wrider
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenion excitement and the absolute matter of fact in perputability of horse and wrider
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehenden excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as he new was business and as the cafh as a smalmon the little bes went overpromptly bit the groun ot the wack and was pouns upon in hild
	layer_4: as he knew has business and as the catf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounsd upon hin hiald
	layer_6: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with ta wack and was pounced upon and hild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with thae wack and was pounced upon andheld
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he would kate himself on one foot scram l viggl was sly and inb strgg len back to the upright
	layer_4: he would kath himself on one foot scranbwil vigualus sly and inbu strugglim back to the upride
	layer_6: he would katch himself on one foot scramd vigulously and in by struggl in back to the uprihte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigolously and inn by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coldn a mage n what happan nexts
	layer_4: he can atmegin what happen next
	layer_6: he can omagine what happened next
	layer_8: he can imagine what happen next
	layer_10: yo can imagine what happened next
	layer_12: you can imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this is prodectaofsonfone of ite fails
	layer_4: this is prodectoveoe sen fond of it fails
	layer_6: this is productiveos on fon of it fails
	layer_8: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of some fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of some fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but now the brann was a fo swing
	layer_4: but now the brandin was ad for swing
	layer_6: but now the brandon was at foreswing
	layer_8: but now the brandon was a fulrswing
	layer_10: but now the brandon was an ful swing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was an full swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when th nesus fell they turnin walked towar the fire as ad matter of course rarely id the caset faill
	layer_4: when the noses fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_6: when the nuoses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walked towards the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked towards the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to ind fro buzsi end intent
	layer_4: mn ran to and fro busy en antent
	layer_6: men ran too and fro busyand intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometimestrew four cas werun the grounded ontce
	layer_4: sometimes streewa four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_6: sometimes threeg four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes threugh orfour cavs were on the ground atd once
	layer_10: sometimes threeh or four caves were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four caves were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus atiddicippated
	layer_4: dust eidindicipated
	layer_6: dust itinndiscipated
	layer_8: dust adtian dissipated
	layer_10: dust adian dissipated
	layer_12: dust adian dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: nhe more nac cas they nouncet
	layer_4: no more net caves they nounced
	layer_6: no more nick caves they anounced
	layer_8: no more nick caves they announced
	layer_10: no more neckcalves they announced
	layer_12: no more neckcalves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he was spirn his hands and go ated alon
	layer_4: then he wasd spit on his handsand go at i alon
	layer_6: then he was spit on his hands and go outet alon
	layer_8: then he wald spit on his hands and go ait it alone
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go out it alone
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go out it alone

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luckc antened his first effort as sora casim ost per found there is yor litt cavfh said he
	layer_4: of luc antendad his first effort is sor casm wos prfound there's your little caf said he
	layer_6: of luck ontended his first effort is sarro casmn was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_8: of luck antended his first effort is sarrocasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_10: of luck antended his first effort his sarocasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_12: of luck entended his first effort his sarrocasm was profound there's your little calv said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: whic you leckt tho have me toet atooy or doyou wreckan you coa tot o this for with you ar littlowd iarn
	layer_4: which you leckt to heave me tot to to you or doyou wreckcond you could tutloe this fare with you re little odiron
	layer_6: which you lok to have me tot i to you or doye reckon you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_8: would you like to have me toti to you or do you rickon you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me tote to you or do you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me tote to you or do you reckon you could tottle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: toward new in the work slacked
	layer_4: toward known the work slactd
	layer_6: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_8: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finaly homa rod over to the calen men ind reporte the brand in finished
	layer_4: finally homa rode over to the cattlenment and reportd the brand in finished
	layer_6: finally home rod over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_8: finally homa rode over to the cattlemen and reportef the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homer rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homer rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: thet lattr coun of the morks in his tolli book
	layer_4: thet latter counte the marks ind his talli book
	layer_6: the latter count ed the marks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counted the maraks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundred an seveny six he announced
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the marke squat ed on ther hels told ove the bitso vers tlhey at saved
	layer_4: the markers squated on their hels told over the bidtse ers ley had saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their hels told over the bits ef ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ers they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: but tobl a mounid to but in hundre an seveny five
	layer_4: but totale amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_6: but tobale amounted to butin hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: but totale amounted to buton hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: but total amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: but total amounted to button hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fonly wooldn't descoverdidin has had pocket
	layer_4: fonally wooddn't discovered id an his hid pocket
	layer_6: finally woodnent discovered it in his hi pocket
	layer_8: finally wooden't discovered it in his hitp pocket
	layer_10: finally wooden discoverd it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally woodn discovered it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: they had been do in arestler's heave you work all the mornin thay did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doind arestlers heave you work all the mornang they did not seen to be tired
	layer_6: they had been doing a restler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a so encs as some cranckh visicuil cultr perioticule that a caboas life was visicalyld bounce lican orsmens in that id extur sis nonly certai muses of the body
	layer_4: of some once a some crank phisical culture perioticle that at caboy's life was pysicaly ild bouande like an orsmans in that hitd exeore cised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_6: of some once o some crank physical culture periodicale that a cawboy's life was physically illd baluanced like an orsmens in that it exercised only certain muscles af the body
	layer_8: off some once a some crankd physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: off soneoce a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: off sone once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman' in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

