file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: drainet as hy ad been usedto do when he was at out thas cort frequento ternemente
	layer_4: draint as he had been used to do when he was it ot this cout frequento ternaments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at otho's cout frequente ternaments
	layer_8: draint as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented tournaments
	layer_10: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: drant as he had been used to do when he was at athor's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: beforduraint the scod to the enimy i saw steds whit with thome and after the shout of betdle i feareful torant
	layer_4: before duraint te scoed tof the enemy i saw steeds white with fome and after the shout of battle a farful torent
	layer_6: before deuraint the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_8: before guraint the scorege of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before jurante the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before jurainte the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: these titing's cametorerben
	layer_4: these tidings came to herbn
	layer_6: these titings came to erbn
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbon
	layer_10: these tidings came to urbaon
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not ei by my confession un to haven said she therew's nothing wae ha fol unto me ther thiss
	layer_4: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there ias nothing what hetful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wat hatful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tis she said in the word she hd spolken a wac him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she had spokeng a walke him
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken a woke him
	layer_8: and thet tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_10: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_12: and the tis she said in the words she had spoken awoke him

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betiede me said he if thou returnes ea ntill thouw nost whether ihave los my string so complylie as thou dos say
	layer_4: and evill be tied me said he if thou returnest her until thou nosed whether i have los my string so complyly as thou dist say
	layer_6: and evill betid me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dissay
	layer_8: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou dist say
	layer_10: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: an evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then duraing went to see earban
	layer_4: then duraint went to see erban
	layer_6: then deraint went to see erban
	layer_8: then geraint went to see urbon
	layer_10: then gerant went to see urban
	layer_12: then gerant went to see urban

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said he  ind going upon tac quest and i am not sertain hen i ma come back
	layer_4: sir said he i 'nd going upon taquest an i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take hed therefo unt thi posestions antill myreturn
	layer_4: take hed theirefore un to thy possessions untill my return
	layer_6: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one prsan only weol goat me
	layer_4: but one person only will got me
	layer_6: but one person only will go t me
	layer_8: but one person only will go it me
	layer_10: but one person only will go at me
	layer_12: but one person only will go at me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desid en itomount her hose and terid foaed in e keeop a longway befor him
	layer_4: and he deside en ed to mount her horse and te rid fowad in to keep a long way before him
	layer_6: and he deside enad to mount her horse and to ride forward in to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desiged enat to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired eana to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired eana to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and an less i specun to thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_4: and unless i spekunto the say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto the say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shoucs desit a see mygh to feet in my det by the hands arthos men yet tawie the kno dred
	layer_4: and though thou shouds deside a see my tefeet in my death by the hand of those man yet to whie feel no dread
	layer_6: and though thou shouts desie to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet to i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he reseived him and that not feebly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: in sayne not one wored unto me andless i spek first unto the
	layer_4: an sayne not one word unto me undless i speak first unto thee
	layer_6: an say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do was far s i can lo in said she apcor ig to thi desire
	layer_4: i will do was far as i canloand said she accoring to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lowed said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lod said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: i made' said he at his vain to a temperoseeting ford
	layer_4: ih maiden said he hid his vaein to attemperceding forwad
	layer_6: i maidon said he ad is vain to a tempero ceeding forward
	layer_8: i maiden said he it is vain to a temperoceding forward
	layer_10: a maiden said he it is vain to a tem proceding forward
	layer_12: a maiden said he it is vain to a tem proceding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any meand refraind from sleepe tho wearinessaid he do thoue the refou wash the horses ad slepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any mean refraind from sleep through wearingnes said he do thou therefore wash the horsees and sleepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wach the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wasch the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watsh the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: whenc yoe saw the dont o day apare she loiokederouderd a see if hou wal wakingin therepon he wook
	layer_4: nd when she saw the don o day apar she looed arrounder ta sey if he wile waking an ther upon he wolk
	layer_6: and when she saw the down of day appeair she looked around he to see if he were waking end there upon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they lef the ward in the came to an opancountr with medals on on han and mo was mowing the medows
	layer_4: and they left the word in the came to an open countue with meddles on one hand and moas moing the meadows
	layer_6: and they left the wod and they came to an open countey with medolws on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_8: and they left the wod and they came to an open country with medaows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_10: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadaows on one hand and moas mowing the meadows
	layer_12: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadaws on one hand and moas mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my ld he aded wilal be displeasingto the if ias whencst thou cone hest alsone
	layer_4: my lord he added will a be displeasing to the if ias wence thou come istdall soe
	layer_6: my lord he added will it be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comest all soe
	layer_8: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest allso
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest allso

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foul my councal said the youth an take thya me fro me
	layer_4: will thou foulow my councel said the youth and take thy mel for me
	layer_6: will thou foulow my council said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: what sort of meal he ingquied
	layer_4: what sort of meal he unquired
	layer_6: what' sort of meal he inquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: than they washed in took ther repast
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repastd
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repased
	layer_8: then they wached and took their repast
	layer_10: then they wached and took their repast
	layer_12: then they washed and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i gon nowlord staid he to meat the night anto contact him to has ladgin
	layer_4: i go ow lord said he to meet the night an to contact him to his lordging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to contact him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lod said she as thou sayset
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lod said she is thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayst
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and efher they d eadnan drank dran went tisleep and soted en id also
	layer_4: and efer they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and soted ened also
	layer_6: and affer they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and soted en it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un an port but throut the paried the offesan men of the ship have bean unrymitingly busy
	layer_4: the date seeme ununpot but throud the paried the ofes and mean of the ship have been unremiddingly busy
	layer_6: the date seem unumpont but throout the perid the offices and men of the ship hav been unremitdingly busy
	layer_8: the date seam unimpornt but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bous attact the shipstoos servad re lisst in restoedthem saving very mushpaced by unstoig numrous cases and stoing the contens in the lazer et
	layer_4: bows a tack the shipstos servade relist in restowled them saving very muchpace by unstoing numrous cases and stoing the contense in the lazzaret
	layer_6: bows attackd the ship'stors surveyed reliston restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numeous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the ships toores surveyed relistand ristowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relict and d ristowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's stores surveyed relict and ristowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: wuthout steeme the le cannow be kept under with the hand pon by two dearlly efits of a quarder ofan oui to twenteminuts
	layer_4: without steem the leat cannow be kept under with the hand pun by two deaily effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the lea cannol be kept under with the handpump y two dearly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the hand pump by two dairly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as a ship was and nd or priesen heavily lad in condition would cerainly of tak an threti for iouas each day
	layer_4: as a ship was and an orpresent heavily lade in condition ould certainly hvf take en three to for ils each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in ar present heavily laide in condition i wuld certainly have taken three to for als each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily lade in condition it would certainly have taken three o four hous each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three tor four hours each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lidge greentent was put up and propasupforts mad vord
	layer_4: the loge green tent was put up and proposofports made forten
	layer_6: the lige green tent was put up and propose ifots made ford
	layer_8: the ladge green tent was put up and proper safports made for it
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engernhim staff an andicas people on the engons sin tis was stoin ther levertorse the cokry fitting his gally and selfoth hot a singl spot but had is band of workers
	layer_4: the enterom staf and andices people on the engins sigentis was stoing their labertorge the cookreyfitting his galy and so forth lot a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the engeroom staff and anisnens people on the engins scientis walsl stowing their labirtors the cook ry fitting has galley and soforth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_8: the engireroom staff and andisns people on the engines scientist was stowing their labatores the cook ry fitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_10: the engine oom's staff and andison's people on the engines scientists was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engine room' staff and andison's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting as galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the men sbace such as is they ieforxt ens from the for hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_4: the men space such as tis they aeforkstends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the men space such as it is they areforextends from the fourhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is theefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undorthe forcasslar sdalvs ef fifteen ponies temaxon the space would hold the norrow areagulou spacean front as pack tat woildh foher
	layer_4: under the foure castlor stolles wo fifteen ponies the maxo on the space would hold the narro ireguluspace and front is pack tigte witdh fuhter
	layer_6: under the fourcastle or stalles fof fifteen ponies tlhe maxon on the space would hold the narrow irregulouspace in front is pack tight with faohter
	layer_8: under the forecastle or stalls fof fifteen ponies the maxin on the space would hold the narrow irregular spase in front is packe tight with fodder
	layer_10: under the forecastle or stalls of fifteen ponies the maximom the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle or stalls of fifteen ponies the maximom the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: metelyld behind the for caslebolcate s ta small bl behatch the onliengers to the men's mestack an bad weather
	layer_4: meetely behind the fore castlebolcat as ha small bubehach the only enjes to the men's mesdeck and bad weather
	layer_6: meetely behind the forcastle bokeate is a small boobyhatch the only enges to the men's mesteck and badweather
	layer_8: imeitely behind the fourcastle boeade is a small boubyhatch the only inges to the men's mestec in bad weather
	layer_10: mediately behind the forecastle bokhad is a small bouobi hatch the only ingis to the men's mestac in bad weather
	layer_12: mediately behind the forecastle bokead is a small boobi hatch the only ingis to the men's mestak in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: a baf the for hachas the ashoues
	layer_4: abaf the foreha ch as the ase house
	layer_6: abouf the foreheach is the aisehouse
	layer_8: about the forehatch is the ace house
	layer_10: about the fore hadch is the ice house
	layer_12: about the forehadch is the ice house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis ha get threet tuns of ice one hundered sixcyu to cackses of muten and three cackases of bef besies ame boxe of swee breds and kidenes into t hispace
	layer_4: we manae ol get three tons of ice one hundred sixtly two cackasas of mutton and three cockasas of bef beside some bok of sweet breads and kidnes into thi space
	layer_6: we manase tu get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cockuses of motton and three couses of beef beside some boxs of sweet breads and kidnees into this space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of muton and three couses of beef besides some boxs of sweetbreads and kidneyes into this space
	layer_10: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax mntending this last at i to the goods alrad yimentiond make a really havey dec cago and one his natualy axious concerning an but averything ther con be don by lashing nscuring has bendon
	layer_4: the sax catainding this last at i to the goods alreadymentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but eveytheing the can be done by lashing andscuring has bend done
	layer_6: the sax containding this last addide to the goods aleady mentioned make a really heavy deckkago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and dscuring has been done
	layer_8: the saxs containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and discuring has been done
	layer_10: the sax containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and scuring has been done
	layer_12: the sax containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forice irigally orte thirty tons of compresst otand ha from melbon
	layer_4: forige irigily ouded thirty tons of compressed ot an ha from melbon
	layer_6: forige iirigially orded thirty tons of compressed oat an hay from melbon
	layer_8: forighe iorigially ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melbone
	layer_10: foridgh ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melboune
	layer_12: foridch ioriginally ordered thirty tons of compressed oat and hay from melborne

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seenm is holy inchanting an such o view from sone shelted suny corner in agaden which blases with maers of red ing gold end flows tenstefeelingsof  in texpressibale sat as factr with all things
	layer_4: the seeme is wholy inchanting in such of view fom some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blacees with masces of reading golden flows tens ta feelings of inexpressiple sat is facton with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is wholy an chanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blazes with masses of read ing golden flowhs tens to feelings of inexpressible satisfactiond with all things
	layer_8: the scane is wholly enchanting an such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowes tens to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowrs tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a great masa peopl es sembled
	layer_4: a great mas a people as sembled
	layer_6: a great massof people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: caan i lunch with t e padi in the dsul an company ship wrerepowho
	layer_4: can i lunch with the pardy in the dal an company ship repoh
	layer_6: caan i lunch with the party in the dzeal and companyship rupaho
	layer_8: kaand i lunch with a party in the zeal in companyship rupeho
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal an companyship rupehoo
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the zeal in companyship rupehoo

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: tellad ram to say tar a nover had ar rie sundy night
	layer_4: tell id ram to say terend noveerhed arrivse sundy night
	layer_6: teligram to say terrannovahead arrived sundyg night
	layer_8: telegrim to say taronovahad arrised sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say taranovahad arrised sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say taranova had arrised sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a thirdsledgeden ta cross he brake of the poopinhes pace hir ther to alku pied by the afterwinch
	layer_4: a third slegetands across the brake of the pop ind he space her the two olcupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third sledge stands across the breake of the poop and thespace her the two occupied by they after winch
	layer_8: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in e space her the to occupied by the after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in a space hertheto occupied by the after winch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in a space hertheto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quantitise to an have tons andthe space aocupye considerable
	layer_4: the quantitiis to in a have tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: the ship was ov a two feet by the strn but is wil suon be reminyd
	layer_4: the ship was of a two feet by the sturn but this will soon be remityd
	layer_6: the ship was ovea two feet by the stern but this will soon be remidied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perforset bechained up and thy r giv en what sheltrs the forted iundeck but ther possition is note enviable
	layer_4: they must perforce be chained up and they a given what shelters of forted ondeck but their possition is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforted on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: it is a patheric atitude deeply significan of cold ind misery casionly somepor besamitt a long pat thaticine
	layer_4: it is a patheric aritude deeply significant of cold in misery casonly some por be somitsa long patheric ine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionally some poor be semits a long patheticwine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery casionally some poor bees ubmits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionally some poor beast submits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast submits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there ir gnly onete to one watch which eases mattrs but it is he sqush
	layer_4: there ire genaly on ted two on watch which eas's matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are geneally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are genrally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: theye are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: theye are generally wanted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: later in the day the wen his vead to the west ward hadting a slihtly
	layer_4: lader in the day the wint his vered to the westwood headting as slaghtly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his vered to the westwood heating us slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has ved to the westwoad heaing us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has vewed to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: otandacconson with intermentinescistentfrormothers wer busy keeping the pones on their legs
	layer_4: oats an acconson with intermittenes sistance from mothers were busi keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_6: oats and ackonson with intermittin assistancs from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akinson with intermittend assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_10: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing forid bat to graple with the evile in nearlly all h ands wa laboring fo ous in the wait  a tho ship heving cole sacto bord and re lashing the patural caees seder in the best man aposibale and te such difvercult and dangeres sircum sences
	layer_4: there was nothing for it but to grappele with the evil in neairly all hands wilel laiboring for hours in the waise to he ship heaving cole sax ovaboard and relashing the petural cases setera in the best man a possible und te such difficult and dangers circumsances
	layer_6: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands wele laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving col sexs overboard and relashing the petral cases setera ind the best man appossible under such difficult and dangeros circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil ad nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waigst of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petrol cases cetera and the best man impossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petrol cases ecetera and the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petrol cases etcetera and the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was somed semplencs of auter restoodt an soe axceptionly heavy wae would teare way the lashiong an the work hadto bedont all owvveragion
	layer_4: no soone was some sembplence of aurter restod and some exceptionally heavywayve would ter way the lashing and the work had to be don all over again
	layer_6: no sooner was some semblance of order ryestored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tearr way the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about fory am the endern became thy sentr of interest
	layer_4: from this moment about for  am the enderon became hee centr of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for a am the enjroom became thee centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about for i am the engirom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four i m the enginroom became the centre of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four i m the enginroom became the centre of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the lwat againd hi spyt of every efft
	layer_4: the wat againe hi sbite of every efit
	layer_6: the wade gaine ispite of every effit
	layer_8: the wata gained i spite of every effrt
	layer_10: the watr gained in spite of every effort
	layer_12: the water gained in spite of every effort

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out look a paad griems
	layer_4: the out look a pared groim
	layer_6: the outlook afppeared grim
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grim

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: the mount of waderweas as being mad with the ship so ruly handed was most an sertain
	layer_4: theyamount of water whace has being made with the ship so rughly handled was most un certain
	layer_6: the amount of water which as being made with the ships so rughtly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: will inms had to confesshe was beeten in must drafis what was a be done
	layer_4: williams had to confessy was beaten in must dro yes what was to be done
	layer_6: williams had to confess y was beaten ind must drawfyrs what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten ind must draw fyres what was to be done
	layer_10: williums had to confess he was beaten and must draw fies what was to be done
	layer_12: williums had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the bildh prmpers tepended on the main engon
	layer_4: the built probers depended on the main engin
	layer_6: the built probes depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the built prompes depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the bilt propise dependent on the main engine
	layer_12: the bilt propis dependent on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on oneiccagion i as wai tteep en stainding on the rall of the fo
	layer_4: on one occasion i was waystteep whnstainding on the rail of the po
	layer_6: on one occasion i was wa steep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was wayst deep when standing on the rail of the po
	layer_10: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_12: on one occasion i was wast deep when standing on the rail of the poop

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftrgod were organg eised ind two pad hi'sd by evands to work buckets the men wrl kap stadly goin o the choed handpms the seemed awl ther cold be done fo the moment and waoe ameaged to coun os tha sol safe goat of the ship from sinking practicgaly an atthemp to beail ar out
	layer_4: the after god were organized and two padies by evens to work buckets the men wae kapt stedily going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the cold be done for the moment and one a meaged to count as the sol safe got of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to bail ar out
	layer_6: the after god were organized ind two poties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steaily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all ther could be done for the moment and wot a meague to count is the soule safegot of the ship from sinking practically in attempto baile or out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and hat a measure to count as the sole safegot of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to bail or out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile or out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale or out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: a caginly a heavy see would bear one of the moway and he was anly sayve by has chan
	layer_4: accasionly a heavy sey would bear one of the moway and he was only save by has chan
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of the away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: nowthis s how ather hunded the stag
	layer_4: now this is how athur hunded te stagg
	layer_6: now this is how athor hunded e stag
	layer_8: now this is how athor hunted the stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las dad it was let lots was a favoric doga ather cove ol was his naeme
	layer_4: in the last doggdtat was let lose was a favorite dogof ather cov al was his name
	layer_6: in the last dogtat was let loose was a favourite dog of athor kaval was his name
	layer_8: ind the last dog tat was let loose was a favorite dog of athur kaval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of athur caval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog that was let loose was a favourite dog of athur caval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the det hrne fha slaying andthey alr gather rt
	layer_4: then they sound of the deathhorn foa slaying and they algathed roud
	layer_6: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathered aroud
	layer_8: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that isho be giv ento the lady best be loved by him and anow theto the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wish  that i tho be givento the lady best beloved by him and anow that to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wished that it soul be givento the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that it hould be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it houdbe given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it sould be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftermi day they be heldan unshaply litle man uponi hose and after him a da or damsl alsol one hosbec and afto her anight of lidge statur boud down an hangyg s had low in sorwfully aen clad in broken and worthlis hmer
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or  damsel also one hospack and after her unight of lige statchur boud down an hangig his head low and sorrwfully in clad in broken and worthless amer
	layer_6: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or damsel also on hoseback and after her a night of lige statur bowed down and hanging his head lowand sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head lon sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lodge stature bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not wo they a said he but i k o said gwne iver this us the nightwhom jerain persud and me thing that he comes not ear  by ais own frew will
	layer_4: i know not who they ar said he but i kno said gine of er this is the night hom juraint parsud and me things that he comes not hear by his own free will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guin ever this is the night whom jeraint pursuied and me things that he comes not here by his own freewill
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guinevar this is the knight whom geraint pursuied and mee thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and me things that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom goeraint pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: but juraintes of atakenim in aveng in sulto the maiden to the utermost
	layer_4: but juraintes of a taken im in aveng th in sult to the maiden to the utermost
	layer_6: but juraintis ovartakenhm an avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but geraint is overtaken im and avenge the insult o the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerant has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gorant has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he at the gate the as a night and i son never a man of so pitifil and aspecto look upon as he
	layer_4: lady said he at the gate the is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to lok upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to lok upon as he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there as a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there was a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i dosaid he he telse me that he his etter in the some of nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is edteran the some of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is ederine the som of nod
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of noud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the son of noud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then shere plied i know him not
	layer_4: hen she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: so gwone ofer went to the gae to met him an he entered
	layer_4: so gone of er wene to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: so goineofveur went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: so guanovart went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so guenovar went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so gueniver went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and derangreeads thy well and egreading the he compeld me a comkithar to do thi pleasjr  fol th insut which thie maiden receive from the dwaff no edid hy of artake lhy
	layer_4: and duraint greets the well and engreeding the he compelld me ta come her ther to do thoyg pleasure for the insout which thy made nd receive from the dwarf no werdit he ov atake they
	layer_6: and duraint greets the well and ingreeding the he compelld me to come he ther to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy made nd receive from the dwaff nowhere did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and duraint greets hee well and ingreeting thee he compelld me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidnd receive from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and durant greets thee well and ingreting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf nor where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durant greets thee well and ingrieting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden receive from the dwarf nor where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sirsaid she when think isdou that juraind will be her
	layer_4: sir said she when think astou that durained will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest tou that jeraintd will be here
	layer_8: sir said she whenthinkest thou that geran will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerainde will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerainde will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: tomarlasmy think yull be her wath t e maten
	layer_4: to morow lae i think you will be her with the maden
	layer_6: to morro lay i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_8: to morrow lay i think you will be herewith the maiden
	layer_10: to morrow le i think you will be here with the maiden
	layer_12: to morrow le i think you will be here with the maiden

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lod said he and have met with much trouble and received womns unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lod said he and i have met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: wellhall authere fowhot i hereit bewhoese gweiver to be musful to ids the
	layer_4: well sall outher fom what i here it behoese gnver to be mrsful tords the
	layer_6: well thill auther from what i hear it bewhose guiniver to be mercful twards thee
	layer_8: well tell arthur from what i hear it behoves gwniver to be mercful towards thee
	layer_10: well tell arthur from what i hear it behooves gwenaver to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tell arthur from what i hear it behooves gwuenniver to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the morse which thoud desiris lod said she will igran to him sincei disas nselting to the that an insult should be offrd to me as to thiyself
	layer_4: the mersy which thou desirius lod said she will i gran to him since it is as insulting to the that an insult should be offed to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lod said she will i grand to him since it is is insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desiroeust lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desireus lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desires lord said she will i grant him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus wilul be best to dots said oather lethis man hade mate icar intill o be known whethergh he man li
	layer_4: thus willl be best to dote said ather let this man have medical care untill it be known whether he may live
	layer_6: thus wilout be best to doce said ather let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to doc said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwev er rn her hn miden said he
	layer_4: to guever an er hand maden said he
	layer_6: to guet of her in her hand madean said he
	layer_8: to guet ofe her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_10: to guedv her in her handmaidens said he
	layer_12: to gwedv her in her handmaiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the stoterf the househol so orded her
	layer_4: in the stud of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: in the stuie of the householde so ordrd her
	layer_8: in the sturte of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the stuadt of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the stead of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being yong he chaged himself and rou to hate the sin that seemed so like aison of modred out thes nefu and fellat last in the great battle fiting for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like is own of madred ot tois nefew and fellet last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modrid ot thes nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred athe's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ata's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred attha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: tindwhender and came to the place woa one ofv her was he slteder
	layer_4: an when durand came to the place wa gone of her was he soluteder
	layer_6: andwhen duraine came to the place whig wene of her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when jerane came to the place whe wine of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when joranne came to the place wher one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when joranne came to the place where one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: the they wentean in dhismounted
	layer_4: than they went in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went in indismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven protacthy said ather and the walkm of haven be unto thy
	layer_4: heaven protect the said ather and the walkme of haven be unto thee
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said ather and the walcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said athur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and in his much is thou hasd vankuishd edneroan the sone of nod thou has had a prosspros coriar
	layer_4: and in his much as though has vanquised ednuron the son of nod thou has had a prosperu's curia
	layer_6: and in is much as thou hast vanquished ednyron the son of nud thou has had a prosperous careea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous careeer
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time ot became as wife
	layer_4: and from that time sho became is wife
	layer_6: and from that time shou became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: an the madend took uper abod in te paus and she had many compinions both menen woman and the was no madten more stteemed thand shee in the ilindtho brittan
	layer_4: and the madent took ap her aboad in the pouse and she had many compinions both men in women and the was no maden more steemed than she in the island of brittein
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboat in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maideen more steemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abod in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more steamed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteame than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more steam than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and he yeaare and a sacond ana third he proceeted thus untill his faing had flon over the face of the kindom
	layer_4: and a year and a second an a third he proceeded thus untill his fain had flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his faime had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he preoceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he proceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greats the well has an ounclis shel gread his nef ou and tas e vasl shoul greatd his lod
	layer_4: and he greets the well as an uncleshould greed his neghew and as a vasstle should greet his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well has an uncle should greed his nephew and as a vastle should greet his lod
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lod
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eiyh bring chivfs nowing miss sgrow incelan tward him and covit his land and posessions
	layer_4: and the nei bring chiefsknowing thiss sgrow incelen tord him and coveit his land ind posessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chiefs knowing thisgrow insolen tard him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing nhiss grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowingnis grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chiefs knowingniss grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe told iurand the case of the mition andof the coming of the ambacites to him out of conwal truly said jraint be at to mih idvantadgoi dicatvanige lod i will do ar corting to thi well concerningthassempisy
	layer_4: and o the told deraine the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbascites to him out of conwall tuly said duraint be a to my ivantage a dicavanage lod i will do accodingto thy will concerningthe sembasy
	layer_6: and ougt the told yuraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbassatis to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to my advantage o disadvantage lod i will do accordig to thy will concerning the sempasy
	layer_8: and ot the told you ran't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassados to him out of conwall truly said juraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sembassy
	layer_10: and ahtha told your ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said jeuraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thisembassy
	layer_12: and atha told your ain't the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said jouraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this sembassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what discouse said gniver do i hea between you
	layer_4: what discourse said goneover to i heae between you
	layer_6: what discourse said ganever do i heare between you
	layer_8: what discourse said guunevar do i hear between you
	layer_10: what discourse said guenevar do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said guenevar do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said duraint i think isihal have a nough of nohtod with me and they set forth
	layer_4: said duraint i think i shall have a nough of knighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said jeraint i think i shall have enough of nighthod with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_10: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said jeraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti seen afaira hose jurning twdsteseveren
	layer_4: and never was tis seen a faira host journing towads a severen
	layer_6: and never was this seen a faira host journeying towards h severegn
	layer_8: and never was theie seen a faire host journeying towards the severign
	layer_10: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severen
	layer_12: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severen

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saidte durent i am a feeble in a nageed man and walst i was able to maintain the demeaans for the inf ar myself i ditd so
	layer_4: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in an agid man and wilst i was able to maintain the deminaans for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_6: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in an aged man and walst i was able to maintain the demenins for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to joraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to jerant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to jorant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominions for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thevere one oaskt that whach she desidted
	layer_4: and thevery one ased that whalh she desided
	layer_6: and everyone asked that which she desided
	layer_8: and everyone asked that which she desided
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which he desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and they wen not long n giving so ear was every onedo besto ges and oaf those ho came to askis nonedtupotted unsat is fid
	layer_4: and they woe not longand giving so eage was every one to esto gifs and of thoseswho came to askivfs none depoted unsatisfied
	layer_6: and they well not long and giving so eaga was every one to besto gifts and of those who came to askgifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: thendurains nd ibases to the men of conwa to ask thrnmiss
	layer_4: then uraints and ambasses to the men of corn will to asked themus
	layer_6: then duraintsend ambasses to the men of cornwale to ask themis
	layer_8: then geraint send embasses to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_10: then gerantes send embassads to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_12: then geraine send embassaors to the men of cornwall to ask themiss

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they alsaid that i would be the folnes of joriuon onr to them for juraint to comin receev their armage
	layer_4: and they al said that it would be the fulless of joion hona to them for juraint to com an receive their armege
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joan ono to them for juraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of jo and onor to them for gjeraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: soh he receeve the amege of such as were theer
	layer_4: so he receive the amage of such as were there
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the day aftr the followas of ather intened te goway
	layer_4: and the day after the follows of oather intendad to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of athor indtended to go way
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and tember o other dayts wer observ withe crichin church iof verious tims as the bir te ogesesthe gos was givf no date and apbear to be quit and certain relly ignoar abot it
	layer_4: an nember of other dates we observed wr the crischan church of verioust times as the birthey ofbjesesthe gos was give no date and a pear to be quite and certain really ignor about it
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observed where ta chritian church of various times as the birty ofb jesus the goss was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed where the christian church of various times as the birttday of jesus the gos was give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignor about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed wore the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gots was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed wore the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gots was give no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: he ef there is no evidin s thay he was borne l that day
	layer_4: hyef there is no evidence that he was bornl that day
	layer_6: yef there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: whyt is discreckment se in  historcle doccument to say nohing aboltinsperation
	layer_4: whight is descrectment cte in th his stor cale doccument to say nothing about insperation
	layer_6: whigt is discreptmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: white is discrepmency in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: whit is discrepmecy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: white is discrepmecy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: again mat ou says that to xcave tha eble isineds of haried maryin josit withe infen jeseus flat in to egit louoks as nothing abouthis hered flit nor of hairis intantion to kil th infan de sia
	layer_4: again matyu says that to excape the eble designes of harid mary in josiv with the infent geses flet into egypt looks as nothing about his huarid flight nor of hair is intantion o kil the infant deciae
	layer_6: again mateu says that to escape the egile designs of hered maryan josep with the infant jesus floed into egypt lups as nothing about this hurrid flight nor of harod's intantion to kil the infant desia
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryand joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luce ays nothing about this hurried flight nor of herrod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_10: again mathew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryan joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah
	layer_12: again mathew says that to escape the evil designs of herod maryan joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant dessiah

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: woen he coumne t the more importain chafpors abudeses we e wi quiter tifficulties
	layer_4: bhen he come to them more emportan chafpers oboutgeses we me with quiter difficulties
	layer_6: when wecoune to them more important chaters about jesis we meet with quat ar difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jesus we meet with queatter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chaters about jesus we meet with greatter difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: why is always on ofriedy that the cruusficties commimerated the weakin which the day accurs very efmngeur to year
	layer_4: wheyis always on afriday that the crusfictinos commimorated the wekion which the day occurrs verys frm gour do year
	layer_6: whle is always on a friday that the crusfictin is commemorated the weak in which the day occur s varies from gyur to year
	layer_8: while is always on a friday that the crucvicion is commemorated the week in which the day occur is varies fro yar to year
	layer_10: while i is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good friday fals not before thisprin equrenoxs but as soon afor thispran iqulenocs as the folr moon lls thust making tha caculation to dopain upon the position of the sn n ezoldiec and the fas of themoon
	layer_4: good frada fale not before this pring equenocx but as soon afer i spring equinocas the ful moon louwvs thus making the caculation to depin upon the position of the sugn and azildiec and the faces of the moon
	layer_6: good fridda falls not before the spring equanoxs but as soon after th spring equanox is the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depain upon the position of the sun an the zodiec and the face of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodyec and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodiec and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the paken o steria has be come te cristion easter
	layer_4: the paken o steria has become ta christian easter
	layer_6: the paan austeria has become the christian easter
	layer_8: the pacant austeria has become a christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan austylia has become a christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan austelia has become a christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: thut in thye abtine of evieencs ordan offers o folli medip ans c arguments iginsis gepticalselses one
	layer_4: bat in the abstainse of evidence organ offers of folly medipans call arguments aginsis kepticalselses one
	layer_6: but in the abstence of evidenc orgint offers tof follwn medifisichaol arguments againsthiskeptical selses one
	layer_8: bhut in the absence of evidence origin offers thof follyn metaphyicical arguments against thekeptical selsis one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence origin offers thof folly metaphysical arguments against thceptical selses one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence origin offers thof follyyd metaphysical arguments against theceptical selses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are thom have ining nethologit all he seems to ar you why a jec to atdin tlit the mis ofjeses
	layer_4: if we are to have  eny mouthollogt all he seems to argu why objec to addingto it the mis of jesis
	layer_6: if we are to have any metholog ite all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mids of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mids of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mis of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mis of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the eamedit companens of geses appear to be on tether hand as miftigolas he is indselfe
	layer_4: the imed it companions of jeses appeare to be on mether hand as miftthegles he is imself
	layer_6: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on thother hand as mithtgless he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the eother hand as mythgl as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as myigle as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythicle as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was mafou wio was mar
	layer_4: who was matheu who was moark
	layer_6: who was mathew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: who were jone peter jutiuce and mary
	layer_4: who were john peter judise and marry
	layer_6: who were john peter judis and mary
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is abtiatly no evidin tha thy ever existed
	layer_4: ther is abtuatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_6: there is abstatly no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is actutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is abslutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is absulutely no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if peer ever win o rown with an nhow doccron howse at that no history in hes take annot ofe him
	layer_4: if peter ever went to ron with a new docron howse at that no his storiin has takee not of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rone with he new dokrin howsat that nohistorian has taken note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with ha new docrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rhome with e new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: he ragan we she te present s of a mish
	layer_4: he r again we se the presentce of a mith
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of amith
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a myth

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the ay en hi sathem
	layer_4: he was the oly hane who sawthem
	layer_6: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pall gon jams jutis oc hepy he stage anmols eschusively
	layer_4: teter pall jahn james jutis accupy the stage almos exchlusively
	layer_6: peter pau john james judis ackup a the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: peter paul john james judis occupi the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: it is imcosl toexplain wa thecontimprards of jesus the athers in the his stor an sef the s time you not tak notie of him
	layer_4: it is impostl to explain whi ther contimpraries of jesus the authers ind the his stori an s ef this time you not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is imposstl to explain why ther contemporaries of jesus the authors and the hisstoriance of thes time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thse time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thes time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of thes time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: foul the had been a conspeir csee ainst him
	layer_4: for they had been in a conspercy against him
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: howisus his imeni a sinset b acoauendfor
	layer_4: how us as hitis imanam a sot iencst be acouled for
	layer_6: how ls as hithis emanamoussience to be accountent for
	layer_8: how else is this eumanimous sience to be accounted for
	layer_10: how else is hthis eunanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how thend i we to desiede which ather  nuwmorest cenndets for tivvine onr should begivman urvoates
	layer_4: how thend ar we to decide which other anum erous kenadits for divin honor should be giv in our vots
	layer_6: how then are we to decide which afthei a numerous kennedetes for divine honors should be giv en our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which oe the numerous kenedates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which thei numerous kanidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which their numerous kanidates for divine honours should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a favth is nev erfree ie is always maine taime bt a sord now and by hel fore her aftern
	layer_4: and such a faith is never free het is always maintaim but a sword now and by healt far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but a sword now and by heal far hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but he sword now and by hel fare hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by hell fare hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by hell fare hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yet the most im posol uddernces er pou in  is mouth
	layer_4: yet the most impossiul utderances are ptin u is mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossible utterances are puton ju dus mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are putin ju tos mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jues mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are put in juss mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: onlhimitthicldeses condvircualy hand ove th goma tevers to corters who have potations to pressupon his attention
	layer_4: only mithiculgedous couldverthally hand over the goerma tevers to corters who have petations to pressup on his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical jesus colnvertually hand over the govermaf heievers to quarters who have petations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus coulnvirtually hand over the governmnef evers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could viertually hand over the governmnto levers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could viertually hand over the government levers to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: morover if detus col keep his promeus there would be to day no miser n the world no orpens no child dus mothers no shipprecks no flods no fannens not izes no crureple children now ant snnty no wars no cime no ron
	layer_4: more over iv jetous could keep his promas there would be to day no misery in the world no orfhans no childouss mothers no shiprecs no floods no famons no dizease no cripled children no ansenity no wars no crime no rong
	layer_6: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childdess mothers no shipwreks no floods no famons no disease no cripled children no insenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insinity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childliss mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no incanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childlissh mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no incanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: havies prairs been answered
	layer_4: havis praers ben answered
	layer_6: havy's praeras been answered
	layer_8: heavy's prayer has been answered
	layer_10: heavy's prayer has been answered
	layer_12: heavy's prayer has been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: how l self to lyrvd profatcs these extraving and claims he produset
	layer_4: how ane self talued propfetce these extraving at claims have paroduced
	layer_6: how ane self delee prophits these extravingat claims have produced
	layer_8: how any self delute profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluded profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: and who can tumoerehthe bieer gesuoppoantemets causd bysichiin posipl promises
	layer_4: and who can number the btr iusup poaintments caused by such in posible promises
	layer_6: and who can number the btter desappointments caused by such inpossible promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sanmg whihapreacures of to day give he parried his ans with miny wordcs and at leink said a the pomes was we taking with to provision that whil we ast for would begiven ive go tht for u god
	layer_4: the sang which appreatures of to daygive he paired his anse with many words and at lenks said hat the promise was re takeng with the provision that whel we asked for would be given if go thoghit for a good
	layer_6: the saing which thep preacheres of to day  give he paried his ansew with many words and at lenkt said that the promise was retaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god though it for our good
	layer_8: the sang which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was betaken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the sing which the preachers of to day  give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was o be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the sing which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: purt he said if hyo ask kethtling in my name i will do it and if it wenot so i would have told you
	layer_4: put he said if you askinthiyn in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: but he said if you ask anthin in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: that he not mean just whe he said
	layer_4: that he not mean just whate he said
	layer_6: did he not men just whet he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: selvf effort and not praire is a rimyagains egnents slavery poverty ind mor degridation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is a rimid against egnorantce slavery poverty ind morl degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is a remmued against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is aremied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remide against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remide against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i anbetermin not aliegei now if it his possible the hol trou h about eses but ausedto communicate that true fhu others
	layer_4: but i um be termine not only to kno if it is possible the hole trueth bout jesis but also to communicate that tru throgothers
	layer_6: but i am determine not only to know if it is possible the whoe truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth throg others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth throu others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: but there is mor of a moral tonic an the open in caned discusion of a subjet lik the one in hand then in the molti tude o platities
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tanic an the open incaned discussion of a subjeth like the one in hand then in the multitude opplatitueds
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open in canda discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a moraltonic ind the open and canda discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candidiscussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candidiscussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never da liver  lecture ind which ao not gei had d reckly ore inderectly gif fuline fr ake pression to my fafe and averything thaes worly offace
	layer_4: i never deliver a lecture in which i ou not gita direckely or inderectly yive fullen fri expression to my fate in everything thas worly of fath
	layer_6: i never delive r olecture in which i do not eit a direcktly or inderectly git full infr expression to my faithe in everything thais worly of faith
	layer_8: i never delive r a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly et full ind free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly git full in free expression to my faith ind everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly git full in free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if at hi not belenv endargm is be clauas i bleav an fetom
	layer_4: if i do not beleve en dogm is because i believe en freedom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars down bo hes not buldut is in other crisseson oa but my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he tars down but he s not builed up is another crisism about my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he terrs down but he s not build up is another chrisism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another ciricism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he is not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no prature appret is more constructive
	layer_4: no preature appret is more onstructive
	layer_6: no preacher a prect is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher a preac is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a preach is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a preach is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: clashdr in truoth in jall gagin the mowu of the stoon is ate billd n uportarring down
	layer_4: classin truth an jal ygagin the mou hfof the stoned is hat buildingup or taring down
	layer_6: classing truth in jail gagging the mouth of the stonent is that building up or taring down
	layer_8: classping truth in jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth in jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth ind jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when brinal lid a new tworch to and creased e lie of the world whot lwas his woe word the stake
	layer_4: when brinel light a new towrch to encreastd a li of the world whut was is feward the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel lihed a new torch to increase a lie of the world what was is fuord the stake
	layer_8: when brynnol lihed a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fuard the stake
	layer_10: when brynnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his forwoard the stake
	layer_12: when brynnoll lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his forwoard the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: coutyour rigtes polticl religius social intiolectial antely which af theim was cokred foryou by the preast
	layer_4: count yurihtes political religious social intelectial intellme which of them was conquret for you by the priest
	layer_6: count your rihtes political religious social intellectual an tell me which of them was conqured for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: i with a tel yo something
	layer_4: i which a tel you something
	layer_6: i wish i tell you something
	layer_8: i wish to tell you something
	layer_10: i wish tio tell you something
	layer_12: i wish to tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbe first lless be impersonal tbe apatits i reverent glassomer aihiest and infitill oar flung an a man not ferompity befrom invy
	layer_4: tet first less be impersonal the opathits ir reverent glasfimer eighiest and infidel ar flung at a man not from pety bet from invy
	layer_6: thet first less be impersonal the epathits ire reverent glasfhamer aihthiest and infidel are flung an a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_8: but firstless be impersonal the epithetz irreverent glasphomer athiist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: te first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: the first less be impersonal the epithets irreverent glasphemer atheist and infidel are flung in a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: not haven t a curiager the indistry of oar neghbor who works like of busy be in the world of minan books serchin with ha sweat of his brow for the reall bread of life whet in he open page ofore him with his ters pushionto the we houers the night his quest and ma but ha farst of al lovs the leve of truth we ease are own indilent conschence fwy kling him naimes
	layer_4: not having the courage or the indistry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world o min en books seachin with a swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet hin the open page offore him with his tears pushi into the we hours f the night his quest and madhad but e fairiset of all loves the love of truth we eas are own indolent conscience fby calin him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy be in the world of men and books searchin with e swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afor him with his tears pushing into the whe hours of the night his quest and maded byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page affore him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page affore him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i  proase to sceity i heard belsringing and law later i fo the street sto stir with throngs of weldrest people in famila grups wyn ding the way hither indither
	layer_4: as i approse to city i heard bells ringing and ale later i found the streets a stir with throngs of woll dress people in family groups winding their way hither indither
	layer_6: as i approachd tha city i heard h bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets o stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither an thither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard e bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard e bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard e bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: looking about me i sawdgentlement in aneet blackt dress smilin and his han extininto me ith grat uar giality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw agentlement in aneeat black dress smilimg and his hand extineto me ewith great cogiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw a gentlemant in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extened to me with great corgiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he mist oe rillas tous istranger an wish u tiner his hospbitalley to me i ee cepted at gratfly i clasd his hand he presst mine
	layer_4: he must have rellased i was astranger and wished routinder his hospetalty to me i axceptaid at gratefully i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tinder his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i classped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gazed formo metslihtlyinto e to ther'seise
	layer_4: we gazed for a momethslightle into e eo ther's eyes
	layer_6: we gazed for a momets lightly into eaj other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moment slightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of court youregoing theire to i said to my frimtly gid
	layer_4: of course you are going their too i said to my friently guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friently guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i cannope the worsho i am appreaset
	layer_4: yes heanswered i cannock the worshot i am appriest
	layer_6: yes he answered i cannuck the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: than ihdl i whis ered takg an messupprise
	layer_4: an idele i whiseret tagen bessurprise
	layer_6: an idole i whispered takin besurprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wore sh amd got thetid not exist
	layer_4: they were shamp god tha did not exist
	layer_6: they wore ship god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worshipd god thety did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshipped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: thut the greeks love their godes oprotasted my har claan my brest
	layer_4: thut the greeks leve their gods oprotisted my heart clamre my bresast
	layer_6: but the greeks love their gods ip protisted my heart clamryan my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamerin my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamour n my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clammor in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: now i said in a low voics
	layer_4: no i said in a lowvevoice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was an itl thim and not a god
	layer_4: he was an idln then and not a god
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idl then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i maidt afth inta s of light icrated the beaful the tre the goood yes are ligin wasdivvine
	layer_4: it made afthen to see of light it created the beatiful the true the good yes are ligion was divine
	layer_6: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made athen a see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens a sea of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens a sea of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: thet had only one foalt in treoe r my gid what was that
	layer_4: tha had only one faulht introk tho my guid what was that
	layer_6: thit had only one fault introe n my guide what was that
	layer_8: it had only one fault introke n my guide what was that
	layer_10: it had only one fault introked it my guide what was that
	layer_12: it had only one fault introked in my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i aquired bwithout noine what his answowould be it was not tro
	layer_4: i anquired without knoin whith his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_6: i inquired without knoing with his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: perto s him
	layer_4: produe him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wiche to myself wht blas o me
	layer_4: i wich oe to myself what blas for me
	layer_6: i wishe to myself what blasfor me
	layer_8: i wishme to myself what blasfor me
	layer_10: i wishe to myself what blaspher me
	layer_12: i wise to myself what blaspher me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: then taking heart i told my gihd how wordthan once i had fel upollows readiyat presence in my hart and heoled hime of the im mordtle linds of homer condcernebied o yn upollow
	layer_4: then taking heart i told my guyd how more than once i had felt a polows rading at presence in my hart and hold him of the immortal lines of homemer concern the ivin apollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt a pollows radiant presence in my heart and hold him of the immortal lines of homeer concerned the divineapollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollow's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerned the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concernieg the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: d you dout home
	layer_4: do you dout homar
	layer_6: do you doubt home
	layer_8: do you doubt home
	layer_10: do you doubt homer
	layer_12: do you doubt homer

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i saido him homer the in spired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homor the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired barrd
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: now now a pollo was mot anitale
	layer_4: no no a pollow wis not anitle
	layer_6: no no a pollo is not an idle
	layer_8: no no apollo is not an idle
	layer_10: no no apollo is not an idl
	layer_12: no no apollo is not an idl

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and ha sen of agod
	layer_4: he his agod and th son of agod
	layer_6: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the ar was heavy with insence an numbrove manan corgees vessments were passing to in fro bow int innealing befor th av veriouse lies and images
	layer_4: the air was havy with insence an number of men ancorgees vestments were passing to infro bow in anneealing before the  various lits and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with inscancs a number of men and corgius vestments were passing to andfro bow in in neeling before their various liets and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with insctance a number of men and gorgieous vestments were passing to and fro bow in an kneeling before thei various ligts and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incants a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing an kneeling before their various ligts and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incante a number of men an gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing an kneeling before the various ligts and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: abzevyng myangsi to un erstand the men of vlal this my gi toote masside and ina whispere told net o t a pep wer sillobrinh eneversry of the berthy other we tifulsaour jeases the son of got
	layer_4: obseveing my inxxi to understand the mean of all this my guy took me a side and in a whisper told medthat the pep wore cillibringhe enaversary of the birtthy otheir reudiful salur jesus the son of god
	layer_6: observeing my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peope were cylebry in the enniversary of the birth hy of their reautiful salioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiey to understan the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebratyin the inniversary of the birthy of their beautiful saliure jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful sailure jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful sailure jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: for get upollow he said with is e getion of suvaritin his voice
	layer_4: for get a pollo he said with his agesion of severiting his voice
	layer_6: forget a pallo he said with his ugetion of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget appollo he said with a saggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severitying his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severitying his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there is no such person he was only an idal
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idl
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idol

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if you woudis serch for a polow ant all the nnvier she wouldhnever find  ont anserng to his nawordiscription
	layer_4: if yhouwold a cearch for a pollowent all the univers he would never fined e one answering to his nam whu escription
	layer_6: if you wuld a search for a polloent all the universe he would never find anyone answering to his name wor description
	layer_8: if you would assearch for apolent all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you wold a search for apollin all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you would a search for apollowin all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: i wint is he gesous i hason tarnin twartd him
	layer_4: i wontoshe gesus i hasten turning toard him
	layer_6: i woant to see jesus i hasten turning toward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whol he not be heredi smorning
	layer_4: weill he not be here tismorning
	layer_6: will he not be here tismorning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: we he not spee to his worsh apers i as t ogain
	layer_4: wie e not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_6: wil e not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: wil he nut her mit intotoucton to coress his hand to class as do lind feet to en hel the im broagial fragrentce of his breath to baskc an t a gold in liheif his eies to heirthe mus a c of his i maculat eccence
	layer_4: weil he nop hermitt intotouch im to coress his hand to classis dovind feet to anhel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask and  golden light of his eyes to hear hamusic of his  maculat eccence
	layer_6: will he not permithtinto touch him to carress his hand to class his divined feet to anhel the imbrosual fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class whis divine feet to inhel the embrosal fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i askt my eysfhellwith wonder in my wics qeiving with ix sitment
	layer_4: i asked my eyes fillwith wonder and my voice quivin with excitement
	layer_6: i asked my eyes feill with wonder in my voice quivein with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fll with wonder and my voice quiverin with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fille with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then i venth to askk inpatiently make esus as much ovf an iddleas a pollow
	layer_4: would not that then ivevench to ask impatiently make desis as much af an idal is a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i vented to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idole is a pollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventue to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and if fateh at yesis is ha gad prusom agod whil il not fapin upollow mak inwagot
	layer_4: and if fath at esi is a god prosim agod while will not fate in a polow make hin wagod
	layer_6: and if faith that jesus is a god prus im a god whyle will not faith in a pollow make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves hm a god whye will not faith in apollow make him a god
	layer_10: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a mithis affanswo ex wanation of a given fornomenon
	layer_4: i mith his affansewor expanation of a given fenormenon
	layer_6: a mith as a fancul expanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: a myth is a fencful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: a myth is a feneful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: a myth is a fenceful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the mincrace fore knowllege the chiled as questions wbecauseofnin borng desar t on no
	layer_4: the minecrase fornowledge the child as questions wecause ofa imborning desir to know
	layer_6: the mind craze for knowledge the child as questions because ofan emborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because o an umborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind crase for knowledge the child ask questions because of an unborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind craze for knowledge the child asks questions because of an unborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: nowin thein they kincosn of te stapaty gother
	layer_4: now ind tmhein they can closin of to snapity j other
	layer_6: now an thn they came closing of to snapatye jother
	layer_8: now and then they came clos enough to snapp at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with his mittholse the pron toi man was taisfiede and he has devellopen intiligencs relas its inaiquasy siece was borne of that re lasation
	layer_4: with this mit those the proone ti man was tetisfied und ho has developin intilligence realasits inaniquicy sience was born of that relazation
	layer_6: with this mithos the prome to man was thatisfied and who has developing intilligence realized its in anequacy science was bornof that relization
	layer_8: with this mithos the prome to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inenequacy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mythos the prom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the prom to man was satisfied and who has developing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the mereh of a one id people divien an india has in replace by accur infermatiingcon cerin the hindis
	layer_4: the merth of a one i people livin an india has in replace by accure infermation concerin the hindis
	layer_6: the miath of a one y people liveing an india has ben replace by accur information concering the hindes
	layer_8: the myth of a one eye people living in india has been replaced by accur information concering the hindes
	layer_10: the mith of a one eyed people living in india has ben replaced by accure information concerning the hindos
	layer_12: the mith of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accure information concerning the hindos

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misus precisidthe yuse to which miss hivt hnin put
	layer_4: and missus prciseo thet use to which m eus have en put
	layer_6: and missus precise that use t which mers haven put
	layer_8: and missis precisely the use to which mes have en put
	layer_10: and tiss is precisely the use to which meres have been put
	layer_12: and thiss is precisely the use to which meres have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is you s same
	layer_4: is u i sami
	layer_6: is jeusemin
	layer_8: is jeuusamyt
	layer_10: is jesusame
	layer_12: is gesussamet

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is and man afaclty forfiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty forfiction
	layer_6: there is in man of faculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: if hanse les t tin at gesses
	layer_4: if hings less an itguesses
	layer_6: if thinks lesstan it guesses
	layer_8: it thinks less han it guesses
	layer_10: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it thinks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which enterduces o be into the mouthof imagination curbing ints pace and sbdoinits erelint les spirt
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination cur bing its pace and subdoing its re lentless spirit
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination currbing its pace and subduing its relintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces oiinto the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces oi into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces o into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fhul the space aboun oeruers spirits faries gods an other in vision ary beens
	layer_4: we feull tespace aboutan overus wa spirits fairies gods an other in visiblon ary bens
	layer_6: we feeld a space about an over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans
	layer_8: we fel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_10: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy bengs
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beangs

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbe cuveatd the rained bow we reach ou or a mon
	layer_4: becove ered the ranbow we reach out for tha moon
	layer_6: wecovert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_8: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we covert the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: our feege not wrely begin atuhd o farm groun and a we haverech the years of discression
	layer_4: our feet not realy beging atoushe e firm grown and at we have reakch the years of discression
	layer_6: our feet not rally beng to touch the firm groun andi we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sience was not born til man hadn maccurd
	layer_4: sience was not borntil man had machred
	layer_6: science was not bornun til man had matured
	layer_8: science was not born until men had matured
	layer_10: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_12: science was not born until man had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gon atp people crhi sins
	layer_4: gon at people cre siencs
	layer_6: gown ut people cree science
	layer_8: grown up people creee science
	layer_10: grown up people create science
	layer_12: grown up people create science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creatle is the woom ofh all ther fairies and faceon ankim
	layer_4: the creatl is the wom wof a the fairies and face an ankime
	layer_6: the cratle is the woumb of al the fairies and face in ankinde
	layer_8: the cradle is the womb of awl the fairies and face a mankind
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of awl the fairies in face and mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of awl the fairies in face ad mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the schoowas the birtlas hes since
	layer_4: the schoolas the bersh flace hes sigence
	layer_6: the school is the birth placees science
	layer_8: the school is the birthplacees science
	layer_10: this school is the birthplaces science
	layer_12: this school is the birthplaces science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: religin of the sigestof the child
	layer_4: religion of the sience of the child
	layer_6: religion is the science of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: in thit discusi  of is sebject i appeel tothema chure not to the child mind
	layer_4: ind the discusti of his sebject i appeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of his subject i appeald to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of his subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of his subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of his subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he his gos mogh piese and no on ma disagrewith him
	layer_4: he has gods mouth pece and kno one may disagre with him
	layer_6: he has god's mouth pieace and kno one may disagrew with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth pieace and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he his god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he his god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the olyway i ma omanourespect is w e rusonable
	layer_4: the anlyway i may ctoman yourespect is t we reasonable
	layer_6: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let us place or selves andtrlyng the hands of the ovidence
	layer_4: let us place our silves an tarely the hands of the evidence
	layer_6: let us place our silves entirelyn the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place our selvs entirelyin the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place our selvs entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place our selves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intelgit benes wo d isarg no ware this jeses whise worshu was not onla costin the woreofp milians of the peqpls mony bu hich is also drwind to his servos the time the engies te affections the avotions and the labrcumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_4: as entiligent beans whitdisarge no whe e this gesus hoise worshu is not only cost ing the worlp hmilians of the peoples money but hich is also drawind to his servise the time the negies the affections the devotions and te laboricumaity is a mith or reality
	layer_6: as intiligent beins whuld desarige kno whe r this jesus whose worsh is not only costing the world hemillions of the people's money butwhich is also drawing to his service the time the inergies the affections the devotions and the labrichumanity is a minth or reality
	layer_8: as intelligent beings would desire to know whe are this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money bu which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labory humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_10: as intelligent beings would desire to know whee this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labourer humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_12: as intelligent beings would desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labourer humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and again wenlhy artis following maliqornsedvise wis th little late in ariving and when saint agnin had een ablids to be abson for son t eme it was andteresting to observeto tsogh noon witnes them those momits to soancs ful of dee pexpresion which yu nihteid in one si to sols mos ti spose to understandatchut and who byt kno means a jecte to the quit metatationly anjoyd dogete
	layer_4: and again when the artest following maicornsadvize was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had ben abloge to be absen for sometime it was enteresting to observeton togh knoone witness them those moments a silence full of deep expression which you nighted in one side two souls most dispose to understandach uter and who by no means objected to the quite medittationly injoyd togeter
	layer_6: and again when the artist following malacorns advice was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had been obloge to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe to though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sid two soul's most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed to gether
	layer_8: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe h though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sidhe two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe that though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sidhe two souls most disposed to understand each otherand who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: and at woreard malaqorn foll os for that he was low hetknat not hed lerned hawt win spirre the kng with an apitiht in tha midst of ply and with tdesire and the assuran s u posession
	layer_4: in a word malicorn folosofor that he was nog he know it not had learned how to enspire the king with an appitite in the mitdst of play and with desire and the assuran e uppossession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn pholosopher that he was nhogh het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance o possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorn philosopher that he was nough he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of pla and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of pla and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plai and with desire in the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: in this maner that therefor withoutleaving her roo and having now conf anand she wast able t returnd who her upartmend thus removing by her appaencs a lowtl tarty perhaps the suspitions of the mos datermen skeptic
	layer_4: in this manner that therefore without leaving her room and having no conpfadont she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apprence alottle tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner  therefore without leaving her room and having no confinant she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her apparents a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determan skeptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparence a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return  to her apartment thus removing by her apparance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the door reman clos adnetheir saght agon now th pain her peared nor ted the haigns y gemo
	layer_4: but the dor reman close and neither saght agnan nor the pain her peared norded the hans e gen me
	layer_6: but the door remain clotes and neither sait agnin nor the painher ppeared nor did the hans even move
	layer_8: but the door remain closed and neither saint agnon nor the painher appeared nor did the hans even move
	layer_10: but the door remain closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_12: but the door remained closed and neither saint agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: goten daris love said the ki th to  turnequickly
	layer_4: gothen dearus love said the king thet to eturn quickly
	layer_6: gothen deares love said the king that  return quickly
	layer_8: gothen dearest love said the king thato return quickly
	layer_10: gothen dearest love said the king that' return quickly
	layer_12: gothen dearest love said the king that return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to dsi
	layer_4: no no not te ta si
	layer_6: no no not to day si
	layer_8: no no not to day signe
	layer_10: no no not to day sighn
	layer_12: no no not to day sighn

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i knu but two wellt you had not sas to loveene
	layer_4: i knew but too well tt you had not cease to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not cease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the voalury with a jestour paretly of extren ar and partly as if in voking ha blessing attempte do speak bo connot are ticulat moneword
	layer_4: the valry with a gestur partly of extreenteror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but cannot articulat one word
	layer_6: the valery with e gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking ablessing attempted to speak but cannut articulate one word
	layer_8: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but cunnot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but couldnot articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but couldnot articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moment however when the keng thrgw himself on his nes a a cri ofe utter dispaire rangs weuh the cuurdoer accomity by the sound of retreting foitstips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the keing throewh himself on his knees a a cry of utter dispare ranks hrough the codor accomatyed by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despaire rank through the corritor accompanied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees  cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees  cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captainsiting bearied in is lither arm chare his spers fixt in the flor his sord bus twen his legs was reeting adnumber of leters as he twisis mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his sper s fixed in the floor his sord bues tween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistes mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistas mustash
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisse is mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword btween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisthis moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword btween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisthis moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: dar tainion uttered a welk om full of pleasur when he preceive his friand sine
	layer_4: dartagnian uttered a welcom full of pleasure when he proceived his friends sun
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived hs friend's son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: 'l my bo he sain by what to locky anstintes it happen tha the king has r calju
	layer_4: nl my bory he sai by what to lucky ensedentoas it happen that the king has r call ju
	layer_6: r l my boy he said by what a lucky encident as it happen that the king has er calld je
	layer_8: rol my boy he said by what lucky incident doas it happen that the king has recalled jew
	layer_10: rol my boy he said by what lucky ancident does it happen that the king has recalled jew
	layer_12: rol my boy he said by what a lucky ancident does it happen that the king has recalled jew

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these worge di not sound a greeably in the young mansears who es he seed imself forplime iupon ny wor i cond hot deduve all tat thi nois i have comeback omn
	layer_4: these words did not sound a greeably in the young mansears who as he seden himself replime aupon my wer thi cannot dellou all that i knois i have come back om
	layer_6: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot dell you all that i know is i have come back ham
	layer_8: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyi upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_10: these words di not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyiend upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_12: these words di not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replieng upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the kin has not le calld o and you havee tund
	layer_4: that the king has not re called you and you havevry turnd
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i do ne und te sten het he t
	layer_4: i do no undther stand that that tol
	layer_6: i do not understand that tat all
	layer_8: i do not understand that at all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: rol was alraty pail anoug and he now be gan to turnhss hatk round rd n round in his hand
	layer_4: grole was olready pail enough an he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_6: growel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat ground and round in his hand
	layer_8: grawel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: graouel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: at they dos is the maters tat you look ans you do and whon't make you sow don
	layer_4: hat they duce is the matter that you look as you do and want make you so dome
	layer_6: what they doce is the matter that you look as you don and whant makes you so domb
	layer_8: what they do ce is the matter that you look as you doo and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what they do e is the matter that you look as you doom and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what they do e is the matter that you look as you doom and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the cafton to peop l nowdays the soo met sort of airs in englant
	layer_4: said the caftain to peope nowa days the soum met sort of eairs and englant
	layer_6: said the captain to people nowadays e sume met sort of airs in england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays essume mhat sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have been in englendt and came her again as livbelyas a chaffeence
	layer_4: i have been in englant and came here again has lively as a chaferince
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrince
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrynch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: weyoul nat sa sumeting
	layer_4: will ou not say someting
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had to muched to say
	layer_4: i had to much to sayng
	layer_6: i had to much to saying
	layer_8: i had too much to saying
	layer_10: i had too much to saying
	layer_12: i had too much to saying

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: a hows you foter
	layer_4: ah how as your fother
	layer_6: ah how is your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my dear frinmdot i  was gooing to iscusat
	layer_4: forgive me my dhe ar frimd it i was going to i scus at
	layer_6: forgive me my dea frimed it i was going to ascuse at
	layer_8: forgive me my dear friemedint i was going to askuwse that
	layer_10: forgive me my dear friemdi i was going to as ue that
	layer_12: forgive me my dear frenmdit i was going to ask ue that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: deur tain ancreased to sharpness of his pinatraten gas wich no secreit was capaebolfhresisting
	layer_4: dartayan creasd his sharpness of his pinatratengaze wach no secret was capable fth resisting
	layer_6: d'artalian increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_8: d'artaglan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of  resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you' on hapepe about somting he said
	layer_4: you on happy about someting he said
	layer_6: you arnhappy about something he said
	layer_8: you arenhappy about something he said
	layer_10: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_12: you are unhappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i em andeet and you know the reason vou wrell mis sho do tenon
	layer_4: i am andeed and you know the reason valr reill minshior our tanon
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason vary reil monsiourtartagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason vry rel monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason very rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na de notpretento bie stii
	layer_4: na do not pretentivi astonie
	layer_6: na do not pretentovhiastonis
	layer_8: ne do not pretend to be astonih
	layer_10: ne do not pretend to be astonishe
	layer_12: ney do not pretend to be astonishe

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i ham noot pordin ing to be aston i smy frined
	layer_4: i havme not predinningto be aston es my friand
	layer_6: i am not prdending to be astdhonish my friand
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not predending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have mether head  no arm h do not ty spies but holtmy into wor sind the mosturetched  living beings oa
	layer_4: i have netheir head nor arm  do not despise but aheltme into words i n the mosturetched of living beings o o
	layer_6: i have neither head no armdo not despise but help me intwo words i an the most wretched of living beings oho
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but t o help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh h

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she is deseevingu said dartanion tot amosow of whose face had moovd lose are biggwords who make ous of them
	layer_4: she is deceiving you said t'artagnion dot amussole of whose face head moved tlowset ar piggwords who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a mussle of whose face had moved those ar pig words whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are pig words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: evryon a
	layer_4: every one a
	layer_6: everyone ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ah
	layer_12: everyone ah

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyone says so theire must be some trouthinit
	layer_4: if every one sa so theire must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: not for af friend for a son
	layer_4: not for a friend for a san
	layer_6: not for a friend for a sun
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: adose tacketou are rally  from cunasty
	layer_4: aducetak it you are really l from curasty
	layer_6: a duce take it you are really ill from curiosty
	layer_8: a doce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_10: a deuse take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_12: a deuse take it you are really ill from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: no t is not from curioste is his from loufe
	layer_4: no t ois not from curiosty it is from love
	layer_6: no it oes not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_8: no it dos not from curiosity itis from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: goodt another bigke word
	layer_4: cot another big ward
	layer_6: cut another big word
	layer_8: cut another big word
	layer_10: cout another big ward
	layer_12: cout another big ward

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: id tel you i love lueas to thestraction
	layer_4: i tell you i love louist to the straction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to thistiraction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to dhistraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louis to distraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: wel sud poseitwere only that
	layer_4: well s ud pose ite were only that
	layer_6: well stupposit were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nostncel man ever succeeteded making luch aove a brain when the head whis turnd
	layer_4: nosincebul man ever succeeded ed making much hav a brain when the head was turned
	layer_6: no sinsible man ever succeeded in making much have a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much ofe a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely laostd my sencas in the same why are huntred times ond my life
	layer_4: i have complely lost my sences in the same we ae hundred time s in my life
	layer_6: i have completely lost my senses an the same way ae huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way ae hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you woul her put you would not understand me you would un her stan but yoe uld nottle ba me
	layer_4: you would here but you would not understand me you would unher stand but you would not o bay me
	layer_6: you would heare but you would not understand me you hould understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o tri tryi
	layer_4: o try try
	layer_6: o try tri
	layer_8: oh try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: oh try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go far eveni fi were un fortn adnough to no somting and folisionanough tookomunicati to youd you are my friand you say and dd yes
	layer_4: i go far even ify were unfortun fnough to no sumeting and foolitionaough to k ommunicated to you you are my friend you say and deet yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortunenough to know something and foolish en enough to kcommunicated to you you are my friend you say andeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortune enough to know something and foolishen enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish in enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish in enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther i goody i shoud co wits you
	layer_4: there a good yo i should corra with you
	layer_6: there a good  i should quaral with you
	layer_8: theye are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: ther are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: ther are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complaina you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for bloing out my braim i will go in get the first person i me to givme the an for mation which you with holott i will tell him he leyesan and dou ilo kiliam
	layer_4: i never complayin as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go an get the first person i me to givie the information which you with holold i will tell him he lis an and you will killia
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i me to giveme the information which you with holold i will tell him he lies and and you will kilia
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with hollold i will tell him he lies in and you alkilia
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies in and ou olchilia
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies in and you olchilia

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and ha find to faire that twald vee so much the better whatc huldie cie
	layer_4: and a find a fair that twould be so much the better what should i care
	layer_6: and a find afair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_8: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nowl soom my differentolt and stid ive gilling you wil git ciled yourself isupposyouman sery fin indeed
	layer_4: you knowa soomy different to and stidif killing you will get kil yourself i suppos you mean sery fin indeed
	layer_6: you now assume e differentone and stid of killing you will get kill yourself i suppose you mean sery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how muc i should her gret you
	layer_4: how much i should her greth you
	layer_6: how much i should her gretu
	layer_8: how much i should ergret yu
	layer_10: how much i should regret you
	layer_12: how much i should regret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of cquoursa shol coabout all dh sing o
	layer_4: of course i shll ko about all day sing o
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day sying ah
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying ah

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: what ha fins to pi  fillowe that bragalon was
	layer_4: what a fine stopit fillow that braggalone was
	layer_6: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelone was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: das grat a stupitesi ever matwith
	layer_4: his grat a stoup it as i ever mat with
	layer_6: an his great a stupit as i ever met with
	layer_8: nd as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: and as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: and as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then gron go un get youre self tiy spos do  e fuw like
	layer_4: go then grow go and get yourselfti sposederof ifoew like
	layer_6: go then growl go and get yourselfti sposedef if you like
	layer_8: go then graowul go and get yourself disposed oof if you like
	layer_10: go then graowul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then graowul go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har lay knwew who can have tautc you ladgic but do es take me fyu father has nota been raguly rabd of his money
	layer_4: i hard lay knew who can have toaughch you lodgic but docetake me if your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have toauch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been reguly robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have touch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regulrly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but duce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: rowill brd his facein hess hands murmoring non i haved not ha singl friendin they world
	layer_4: roi will buryied his face in his hands murmouring no n i have not te single friend in the world
	layer_6: ro will buried his face in his hands murmuring no  i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: herawill buriyd his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: rouwill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: roull buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i thog fancies monsiur idlo not laufat hyu thoug i am a gastcone
	layer_4: idhol fancys ontieur i do not laugh atyou though i ama gus gone
	layer_6: i dol fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i em a gaskon
	layer_8: id fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: idl fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_12: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: acivepred thor what o you me
	layer_4: a civepedther what o you me
	layer_6: a ciritther what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipidther what do you mean
	layer_10: a cipridther what do you mean
	layer_12: a cipridther what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pnd i wer ti dod not no someon told me there was ha carpen ther who madeen opening throug a sertainflor
	layer_4: upon my werd thi do notikno someone told me there was a carpened ther whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent there whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenthere who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know someony told me there was a carpenter rhoo made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know someony told me there was a carpenter rhoo made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: o miy do't knowre
	layer_4: my don't knowere
	layer_6: y don't knowhere
	layer_8: y don't know where
	layer_10: i don't know where
	layer_12: i don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and hos hereom them
	layer_4: and whose he om then
	layer_6: and whose room then
	layer_8: an whos room then
	layer_10: and who's room then
	layer_12: and who's room then

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i hav tol you for the lesst hour that i known nothing of the hollofher
	layer_4: i have tod you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the hole air
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i known nothing of the wholeafair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affaire
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepates en the portert
	layer_4: but the panteres in the portart
	layer_6: but the paiter thin the portrt
	layer_8: but the painter then dhe portrait
	layer_10: but the painters then the portrait
	layer_12: but the painters then the portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: he youso to heme only that naim anyor nouh
	layer_4: wye you su to hem only that name in your mouth
	layer_6: whe you suit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not upposeitoil consorn
	layer_4: i dod not suppose it wl consonua
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will concornu
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: yias youright andhy made a steper to as ef o wregoing to le whre you ging
	layer_4: is youre aright an y made a step her to as if he weregoing to lea whereae you going
	layer_6: yes you re a right and he made a step or to as if he were going to lat whay are you going
	layer_8: yes you are a right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to lea where are you going
	layer_12: yes you are aright and he made a step or two as if he were going to leak where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to look or somon who ha ten ming ty true
	layer_4: to look for semon who a tene meng the trufe
	layer_6: to look for sommone who will ten me the trut
	layer_8: to look for some one who will telnd me the truth
	layer_10: to look for someone who will tell me the truth
	layer_12: to look for someone who will tell me the truth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: ho was that it womna
	layer_4: who was that at woma
	layer_6: who was that a woman
	layer_8: who wis that a woman
	layer_10: who as that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wish to be con sold by someone and you wiul be so t oncs she will det you nothing ilif herself of cource so be off
	layer_4: you wish to be cansold by some one and you will be so at wonce she will dedl you nothing ilife herself of course so be of
	layer_6: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will de you nothing ellif herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing illof herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by someone and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mistack in mon ser replied ro thoug o man i men wll tell me all the ever she possiblykin
	layer_4: you are mistakin mont ser replied ro though omand i mean will tell  me all the evir she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsier replied rou thohoman i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied rou the omand i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: weol i de mitet
	layer_4: well i admit it
	layer_6: well i admit it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point t o fac wi should i play with you as a catnes wih the poornus
	layer_4: and in point of fact whi should i play with you as a catnoes with the por mnaus
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnows with the poor moushe
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a catnos with the poor moushe
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poor mouthe
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poormoushe

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: you tustressm you do indeete
	layer_4: you distresme you do in deed
	layer_6: you dustrest me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: wa ti you gin
	layer_4: way ti you cain
	layer_6: wait if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i coald dnot so much te wers
	layer_4: i could not so much te worse
	layer_6: i could not so much the worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much th worse
	layer_12: i could not so much the worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol sneching egaly at the pin which te kapt an held outo hm
	layer_4: as said ro al snatching egly at the pin which the keptain held out tohim
	layer_6: a said roel snatching eagerly at the pin which the keptain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said raoull snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said roul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how vheryforthun at tats  he was looking tfr you to
	layer_4: how very fortunat that is he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how very fortunatethat is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed tln of voice it is not i who  in goingdto speak to him hoden
	layer_4: she said nthe samed tone of voice it is not ey who im going to speak to him ho then
	layer_6: she said inthe same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him ho then
	layer_8: she said iin the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i come ne my grengauter to this busnt tameent heliti shat presmonded
	layer_4: ia comepany my gran daughter to this busen't camement her loti shipt presmonded
	layer_6: i ad company my granddaughter to the sbestaiment her loty ship presponded
	layer_8: i accompanyed my granddaughter to thisbos enertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompanied my granddaughter to this bos entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompanied my granddaughter to this bos entertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it iscrcly ageoi occasen to ma mind
	layer_4: it discarcely edeoy soccasion to mymind
	layer_6: it is scarcely ajoyce occasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joys occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joys occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nonly the drus esug win vy f it isnt a jactulae i mister peny
	layer_4: nony the dresst er sout on that if it isn't a jacolat in mister benny
	layer_6: no nye the dresster sault wene that if it isn't ajacculated mister binny
	layer_8: noo ne the dresser salt ite that if it isn't ejaculated mister benney
	layer_10: noee he dresser sot like that if it isn't ejaculated mister benny
	layer_12: noey the dressers solt like that if it isn't ejaculated mister benny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if our shured this was ha sai man i go myself
	layer_4: if ou re sure this was he sayve man i go myself
	layer_6: if iur sure this was tho sa a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i were sure this was the sa a man id go myself
	layer_10: if i were sure this was the sae man i go myself
	layer_12: if i were sure this was the same man i go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: when ive igtifellowf his niger nave north foou i sich o him blea felti the finda
	layer_4: when i've igto fellow his niger nave north full i sickto him believe elsind the find a
	layer_6: when i've i a fellow his neigger nave north full i sick o him believe elsed the finda
	layer_8: when i've itd a fellow his neigger naved north fooll i sick to him believe elseaid te find out
	layer_10: when iite a fellow whis niger knaved north fool i stick to him believe el ad de find out
	layer_12: when ivote a fellow whis nigger knaved north fool i stick t him believe e'll ca de find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the oin hoihme himan elyn come u poner wis the first irmes lo herin the drus she a coppih mocktiius nei scand that heordad out din' idb ahere alwagure
	layer_4: the oling higme ham in ely comn uponor was the first irmiusla her n the dress she a commife mocktyius ni scan that en horded out didn't ole ahere alwager
	layer_6: the onlin himee ham in alin commnt upon her was the first tie misaw her in the dress she ad compif mockdtipias ni scan that he tlurded out didn't gtbtat here all wager
	layer_8: the only hime he had een elin commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accompye fomoctavias ni scan that he larted out didn't ge it here all wager
	layer_10: the only time he had mn elin comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accopied frm octavias nice scand that he blurted out didn't git it here oul wager
	layer_12: the only hime he had man eling commen upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she accopied from octavias nice scanned that he blurted out didn't get it here oul wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: thes na look likeet is aid grauly
	layer_4: this in look like it is aird grafhuly
	layer_6: this'look like it isaid grafhly
	layer_8: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it he said grafully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it he said grafully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: no she inwrd i a mota foritital
	layer_4: no she inswered immot afriditale
	layer_6: no she answered i m motafritital
	layer_8: no she answered i am not afridital
	layer_10: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_12: no she answered i am not afraid at all

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i salld not be afra  ogaid
	layer_4: i shaoll not be afrai again
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and that she ap erfecalyc ainfounded her lady should by her dominer
	layer_4: and fat she a perfectlly confounded her lady should by her eminer
	layer_6: in fact she ad perfectly confoundind her lady should by her demuanor
	layer_8: in fact she ad perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_10: in fact she ad perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour
	layer_12: in fact she id perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yoo not spe to me a tarayean she sen i welel out lison
	layer_4: i be you not spek to me of thatrae and she saind i will out listen
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me of tarad ind she said i will out listen
	layer_8: i beg ou wll not speak to me of darradind she said i will out listen
	layer_10: i beg you will not speak to me of darodn she said i will outlisten
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of darodien she said i will outlisten

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: an turning about she walk aut of the rom
	layer_4: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the room

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: and nothime ore ha bedsd untubjrecents
	layer_4: and nothig more havbesid unfebjeccense
	layer_6: and nothing more hae sit unsepject sense
	layer_8: and nothing more ha isid on  subject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more haitsaid on th subject sense
	layer_12: and nothing more habitsaid on t subject sense

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor bracmith missplin ther wa stral by thyer ivil of whanother telegr whichraine as follaws
	layer_4: before bracktmith misplin ter was startle by the rival of another tellegar which rain thas follows
	layer_6: before brackwith miss bulindo was stirtle by the arival of another telegar which raignd as follows
	layer_8: before brakfith miss blinda was startled by the arrival of another telegrap which rained as follows
	layer_10: before breakfish miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which raigned as follows
	layer_12: before breackfist miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegraph which rained as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: or rive to they perresso beawut he a milw edning
	layer_4: a rived to tay peressio be th et e mle evening
	layer_6: arrive to day peressia beauth yte mile evening
	layer_8: arrived to day peressia beauth eat a mile evening
	layer_10: arrived to day peressia bauthyat a miler evening
	layer_12: arrived to day peressia beauthy at a mile r evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frand with m martindasod
	layer_4: frind with me marton base
	layer_6: friend with me martin bassi
	layer_8: friend with me martin basset
	layer_10: friend with me martin basset
	layer_12: friend with me martin bassett

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: wel t wremancx u ave ia i suppose thaut woud havebein e vanage
	layer_4: well it remonxtul tivia i supposed that would have bn in the vanage
	layer_6: well it remonxtltavia i suppose that would have been an a vantage
	layer_8: well it remonx ratavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_10: well it remorked catavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_12: well it remorked chatavia i suppose that would have been an advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: atavial was a markp ficur pon the grow of lik gard inpity nother juss midear remark mister burnom
	layer_4: octavia was a marged fiureupon the grouth of lhite gard impty nother jesst my dear remark mister brdim
	layer_6: octavia was a marked figureupon the growdh of that gardenparty another jesst my dea remarkedmister brtham
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouth of that garden party another dess my dear remarked mister brnham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister brnham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dress my dear remarked mister burnham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwout a charming color she haid a clear sususually pailler
	layer_4: an what a charming coloers she has it a clear ses usually paleur
	layer_6: and what a charming color she hasit a clear seese usually pal er
	layer_8: and what a charming color she has 't at clear sees usually paler
	layer_10: and what a charming colour she has't a clear sees usually paler
	layer_12: and what a charming colour she hasit a clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: perhapsd be othis tlor lyantson
	layer_4: peraps te othes tolornd lansone
	layer_6: perhaps te others to lor lansowne
	layer_8: perhaps be others to lord landsone
	layer_10: perhaps the othes to lord landsowne
	layer_12: perhaps the othes to lord landsowne

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis priteauren aver t hea in is en jaing nerself
	layer_4: shis pritiearta edvirted a in is en joiing erself
	layer_6: she's prettier thn ever today in its enjoying herself
	layer_8: she's prettier than ever to day in i's enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than ever to day an its enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than ever to day an its enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisend joaing herself misser prand o bril abser thit bather g lumaly athye sud apart
	layer_4: she wisan joing herself misser prand s buril observe that rather glumily asthy sod a part
	layer_6: she was enjoying herself misster prani's bill observe that rather gloomily as he soud apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister fransus brlle observed that rather gloomily as he sold apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister franesbrl observed it rather gloomily as he stouod apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister franzesbrol observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha come lord ly ensad ho ancoss nalon te shae hantet this host haveidn observe to keep s ie ixt upor one particul u point er mistown he sai after havings mook in is firswords who is that tall grolinwit
	layer_4: nd then ha come lordly anjed who andcrossontalon to shake and with this host have beien abserved to keep his eyfdixt upomn one particeler point bermiston he said after havingsmook in his fir t words ho is that tall girol an wihte
	layer_6: and then had come lordlyanderd who and cross in alon to shake hands with this host hav been observed to keep his ey fixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smooke in his first words who is that tall girl and wite
	layer_8: and then had come lord lyanzerd who in crossing alown to shake hands with this host hade been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmastone he said after having spok in his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lianzourd who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with this host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lianzod who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with this host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in intemminits laty the abled misterberanon misterbiarld in the vers others tw numri imengion somest in the otave ioasiht of thant lny with now intingon o leaving it
	layer_4: in intimminutes lady theabled mister burnam mister barald an the vers others too numrus simention somisiny octavyusihte of thantly with no intention of leaving it
	layer_6: an intin minutes lady theald mister burnam mister baled than the vers others too numerous scimension saw mas anne actavias side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_8: an in ten minutes lady theopled mister burnam mister bale tan the vers others too numerous tomention saw misia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: and in ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister bale ad the vers others too numerous to mension saw msia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: and in ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister bale an thevers others too numerous to mention saw msimnia octavia side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long agh te this frenti spirlfaun as wate o misbolindo he was very beus the inn bhather nervis ind the csuse eovenatly in joyng erself he remark
	layer_4: not long after this franci spirld fon as wait hi miss bulindo he was very busy itn bhather nervise un nesis evanateland joyig erself he remark
	layer_6: not long after this franci spiril found as waita miss balinda he was very busy itnnbather nervost an neces evidnentelyenjoying herself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francispiril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy in wather nervos ard nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this francesbiril found his way to miss belinda he was very busy in rather nervous and nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francesberil found his way to miss belinda he was very busy in rath her nervous and nieces evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: ocaliat is most happy to ha and terd missublender
	layer_4: ocalia is most happy to they anterd missiblinda
	layer_6: olia is most happy to day entered missu blinda
	layer_8: aclia is most happy to day entered missu blenda
	layer_10: aulia is most happy to day antwered miss blenda
	layer_12: aucalia is most happy to day antwered miss belinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: veryf you poe pwle und er san ouctaveviusinmisllande am not should i follow ol her medes my self
	layer_4: very if you pe plel undersan octavyasimistibllinda i'm not shoud i follow all her mets myself
	layer_6: veryif you people understain octaviasid missts blinda i'm not shoud i follow all her muts myself
	layer_8: very few people understind actavia said miss belinda i'm not sud i follow all her mots myself
	layer_10: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure i follow all her motes myself
	layer_12: very few people understaind octavia said miss belinda i'm not sue i follow all her mutes myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she 's no ts frivlesce as she  pearce tovosta jooke now her el
	layer_4: she is not is frivilesse as she appiearcs to thosy jote now her wele
	layer_6: she is not as friveolese as she appers to those jote know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who jok know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don'k know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who donk know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: bherld sui nong has must ash an may no rply he was not bery cometable
	layer_4: berold sig knong as must ash and maye no rply he was not very comfotable
	layer_6: berld sigknong as must ash am made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_8: bereld signong his mustahand made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: berrl sinong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: berrl sinong his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: i ar hamsup ill us by fit and mather bish toe re churred ta endofrombtoge an s id tal vodaring in slobrige
	layer_4: ifhi him supp ill use by fake and mather blush ter returrin to lend from botdogs and sid i ae voydering and sloberige
	layer_6: he fell himself ill used by fank and mather bushe tee  return to lend from bottoakhs and said i e voidering and slowbridge
	layer_8: he fel himself ill used by fink and materbushed he d returned to londn from bottoak in setd if loidering an slow bridge
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by fink and mather bushed he had returned to london from bottos insead of f voitering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by fint and mather bushed he had returned to london from bottok instead om of voitering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: he t a mes onthoffeat a first but intime haens upirese tho pynes an musement lo something of it es
	layer_4: h td ha meson self at a first but intime had been surpriesd tho fin es an musement looe something of itdsessd
	layer_6: he had a mas himself ata first but in time h had een surprised to findeds amusement lose something of itszest
	layer_8: he had amuse himself at first but in time he had been surprised to findis amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amuzed himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement loose something of its zest
	layer_12: he had amuzed himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement loose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: it  ducely bat form on his part i th e mentoly what tho he mang by it
	layer_4: it's ducily bad formon his part e the mentaly what tes ne man by it
	layer_6: it's ducily bad form on his part ei mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_8: it's ducily bad form on his part hesimentally what does he mean by it
	layer_10: it's deucedly bad form on his part he sad mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: ataveia on the cansuryi dind not ash eny mentbyt
	layer_4: ilctaia on the contry id not asked eny ment y t
	layer_6: octvia on the contrary did not ask bany meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask menny meant by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask benny meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask benny meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where youjacleatd i say whald han ne
	layer_4: wherae you jacolat ied i say what a nea
	layer_6: where you jaculatd i say what a ne
	layer_8: wherere youjaculated i say what a name
	layer_10: where are you ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_12: where are you ejaculated i say what a name

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: ad no tbserve thi answer her lady shop
	layer_4: i ad not ebserved tet answer her ladyship
	layer_6: i had not observed it answer her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: but she claare ed it thirold tu se pased n beconso him lty as lusiushin iminded
	layer_4: but she clared a berol es see passed an beckon to him wily as lucoushin iminded
	layer_6: but she glared at barld e see passed and beckin to him whye his lucia sihen imanded
	layer_8: but she glared at barrel os ee passed and beckoned to him what is luchoshen manded
	layer_10: but she glared at barrel des se passed and beckoned to him what is lushosha demanded
	layer_12: but she glared at barrel des se passed and beckoned to him what is lushosha demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i s wr her wat burmstan half nwrwgow he asered coing have ye any matighe frmy mother i salratengal an into mar laving her arly turn lit pale
	layer_4: i sil her muth burmiseon half norago he answred coling have yo any matage fromy mother a sal retrnal and into mar laving here early turned cuite pale
	layer_6: i sa her mith burmaston half norrago he answered coling have you any mesage for my mother i shall retirn alan into mar leaving here early turne quite pale
	layer_8: i saw her mith byrmiston half anhour go he answered coling have you any messhage for my mother i shall return to london to moro leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_10: i saw her mith bermiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her mith burmiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early turn quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: whant his happe she askd rigadly ho loeoksleghte ys ar prisd nothing what av ere he ereplired
	layer_4: what is happid she asked rigidly helok slightly s arprised nothing whateveer he replired
	layer_6: what is happed she asked rigiadly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: aver maind her longerifn intended
	layer_4: iver main her longer fh an i intended
	layer_6: i hve remained her longer than i intended
	layer_8: i hve remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she beganad mof hemanckl then or rigt wist
	layer_4: shoe began on moveh manicle hen or right wist
	layer_6: she begin a move manicles tan or right wist
	layer_8: she began to move manicles an ha right wist
	layer_10: she began to move manacles in her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move manacles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not brolish up andter her own i forn lothing
	layer_4: she had not brulisha up undther her own ey frnlothing
	layer_6: she had not brohlisha up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_8: she had not brough licia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brought lycia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lycia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptors when e three may igo
	layer_4: choptars when e three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wente three may i go
	layer_8: chapters hen y three may i go
	layer_10: chapters en y three may i go
	layer_12: chapter weny three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day after this octaveya opendthe forttrung
	layer_4: the very day after this alctavya opened of fort trung
	layer_6: the very day after this actavia opened o fort trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened a forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened a forth trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened a fourth trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: an thi dently somethig atd hapingt or tave yus e said miste digold beeny is ar old clow who wis see
	layer_4: ad i dently something at happened 'uctavyus she said mister duggold benny is at old clow who is he
	layer_6: andvidently something had happened ouctavye she said mister dagled binny is at old clouw who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle benny is that old clow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle benny is that old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle benny is that old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he has myh gan ouncl exlane musiar cham melusslee he hads a gra dea of money
	layer_4: he is my cranuncle exclaine lusiu chimulussly her hads  grea deal of money
	layer_6: he is my grant uncle exclaimed lucia ctemulusly youre has a grea deal of money
	layer_8: he is my gran uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously hee has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a id nout cuih in her stake ri mamot te evia she said
	layer_4: a de not quit ander stake remamorktavia she said
	layer_6: i dod not quite understakere ma marktevia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understake red mamark tevia she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understake imamak tivia she said
	layer_12: i dod not quite understake mamak tavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: lasnish kintmy rin the tak o me ind his mordish kalain an oh
	layer_4: last nich kanto my wrom the talkd to me and this mortish ceme agin en oh
	layer_6: last nigch came to my room the talk to me and this mordish came agin anoh
	layer_8: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morni se came again and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again an oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogt our adignently how couldc she spict me ansech amanner
	layer_4: she broughg aur adignatly how could she spick to me an such amanner
	layer_6: she broe aut indignantly how could she spik t me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the yu wend her send
	layer_4: what the juinder saind
	layer_6: what did youw inder sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am o ren afte ae myar hed dis nout teir fro me and make my s elf a trape ditvin the ho tha ho al cond de sern to maryny coase mistere beany ma wleed me his monei
	layer_4: i am o run after amare ho dis not ter for me and make my self a traped itv in the hopetat he wll condo cen to marymy tcalse mister beny may ill eve me his money
	layer_6: i am to run after a mare ho does not tare for me and make myself attrapptiv in the hope tht he will condescin to marry me because mister benny may leve me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not car for me and make myself a tracptive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you won theire tot it tookevemady teoeo aong time the sayd that
	layer_4: do you won ther that it tok evelidy eob o a long time the say that
	layer_6: do you wonder hat it tock even lidty thee bout a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder tat it took even liddi fe about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even liddy thee about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even liddy thee about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: let r mardo't tave yut e vol' do it isupose i woud it mory
	layer_4: lel ar marnked o't tave yu e bilt do it i suppoese i would it wmary
	layer_6: well remarc dant taveia you will nt do it i suppose i wouldn't warry
	layer_8: well remornked aunttavia you willn't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked aunt tevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked aunt tevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: oli alays do i' i di an gues
	layer_4: alhl i always do i i didta' ges
	layer_6: alhl i always do i i didn't guess
	layer_8: all i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: ah i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_12: al i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thi suseld ever sar ately
	layer_4: at shu smold every sa dately
	layer_6: it she smild every sa dately
	layer_8: and she smiled every so dately
	layer_10: at she smiled every so faintly
	layer_12: at she smiled ever so faintly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that s wen the rieasan wi she lodes me so she adde
	layer_4: that s om the reasoneds wy she loads me so she added
	layer_6: that s hom the reasons why she lowdes me so she added
	layer_8: that is wh the reasons why she loahes me so she added
	layer_10: that is  the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_12: that is m the reasons why she loathes me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: li shuld tot deep le forberm it she reconised allat wads several thingshe had me mis ti fied byave afor
	layer_4: li should thot deeply for bemit she reconised all at wies severalthin she had me mistirfied byove afore
	layer_6: lesher thought deeply forberment she reconized all at wies several thing she had been mistified by  before
	layer_8: licha thought deeply forbiment she recognized all at wives several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: licha thought deeply forbeent she recognized all aut wivs several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: licha thought deeply forbement she recognized all at wives several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: octaeiu smaon witdrol agaent
	layer_4: octaviusmn litderall agait
	layer_6: actalia smain litel again
	layer_8: actavia smelling literal again
	layer_10: octavia smelling litteral again
	layer_12: octavia smelling litteral again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mushiur sat thinking fer han's claspe tedly
	layer_4: musia sat thinking for hands clasp titly
	layer_6: muia sat thinking fer hand's clasped tightly
	layer_8: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: muca sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: mucya sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i 'mglt i came years said hat ly
	layer_4: i am glotd i came yeoar said at le
	layer_6: i am glod i came heres said at lad
	layer_8: i am glad i came here said at late
	layer_10: i am glad i came here said at lake
	layer_12: i am glad i came here said at lake

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i chink i s all never be fraite o er aty mor
	layer_4: i chnk i shall never be affrait of er any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her deli cat nastral wredallad id inf he hellther head upp her brath came fast thr was a hint af egiful ticien an o ten
	layer_4: her delicat nostral with dallated in she hel her head up her breath came fast the was a hint of egiful titien in hotont
	layer_6: her delicate nostrals wi alladted and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in hetone
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils wirdilited and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egvultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exltation in her tone
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whalted very tus aufer she leved the house
	layer_4: she walted very tas aftfer she lefe the house
	layer_6: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: bt i was nota gainsthim that luhe as inthegnation with a routst
	layer_4: but it was notagains t him that lushi as indignation with aroudtst
	layer_6: but it was not against him that lushe has indignation with aroudst
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lushia's indignation was roused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that luchia's indignation was roused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that luchia's indignation was roused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wonder thaf heet heard hr lasworts e fans it ho hat
	layer_4: she wonder that theat heard her lasbwords she fancid ho hat
	layer_6: she wondered that hey had heard her last words she fanci e had
	layer_8: she wondered thif he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: ou tok ol iv er shakeing little harnd and looked dhown o her extaided face
	layer_4: you tok hol ever shaking tittle han and looked down a her extited face
	layer_6: you took hole over shaking little han and look down a her extited face
	layer_8: you took hole iver shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: you took hole of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: you took hole of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: i a engery he said gave never so ne engre lelfore
	layer_4: i am engery she said yeve never so me angry wefor
	layer_6: i han angery she said yuhave never soon me angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said yeu have never soon ee angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said nyoeu have never soon me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said a dyeu have never soon met angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: im omy way to might tlady the ablet
	layer_4: im omy way to mi to ledy theablet
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to ledy theablet
	layer_8: i 'm on my way to my to lady theablt
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to lady theobalt
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to lady theobalt

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he holde hai as coely as befor
	layer_4: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what you wun e said o her he ast she lauged tagain
	layer_4: whato yo woulnd a sayd o her he asked she laughed again
	layer_6: what r you woun is say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what are you oon to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you ging to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: helder hine rather closer
	layer_4: held her han rather cliser
	layer_6: held her hand rather cliserd
	layer_8: eheld her hand rather cliser
	layer_10: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_12: he held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has mak you very angr hisaid
	layer_4: she has made you very angry said
	layer_6: she has made you very angry said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry hesaid
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i must teforthi knew was she is doing she was poring forh the hol of restoy eve more of it than she ad oll outavi
	layer_4: and then i must the forshe knew wat she was doing she was poring forth the whole iv erstoy ev en more of it than she hadtoll ativia
	layer_6: and then i must affor she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole iver story even more of it than she had tull ativia
	layer_8: and then i must afor she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told autivia
	layer_10: and then omust of fore she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told actavia
	layer_12: and then omust of foure she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told actavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: e shale he said a wisheto we leht me go antark withd lady the abld youse is e wit little start
	layer_4: eshall he said i wish y eln let me go and tarlk with lady theabolt you seh as it little starht
	layer_6: le shall he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theabolt yushas im with little start
	layer_8: wishal he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt yousas en with little start
	layer_10: lishahe said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt ususe with little start
	layer_12: lishahe said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt ususem with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: je se antwered wont megod eo her
	layer_4: jes he entere wot mego to her
	layer_6: jes he enswered wet me go to her
	layer_8: jes he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: jess he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: jess he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will ay yes to dthat i yo icin ponmece but youmean never be afrat of herding mor
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hen a gan pommise but youmennever be afate of heardin more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i thnk icon pomise but you mea never be afrad of hearding more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise bat you neen never be afraid of hurdyn more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise bat you neen never be afraid of her ty more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you meen never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the theares color tyt aever cheek in the teu s rushed to her eys
	layer_4: the fiearst colored tihtotiver cheeks in the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_6: the fierst colourd dit out over cheeks and the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierest color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierecet color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierece color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shmrashere tes withe ba ate wok
	layer_4: shrase her tase with batede wok
	layer_6: sherazed her lays with pathetic look
	layer_8: she raised her face with a bathetic look
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic look

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: im desperatlen love wit y he entredin tis quire us way
	layer_4: i'm desperatelyn love with hyou he antwered in this quirous way
	layer_6: i'am desperately i love with you he anfered in this quirous way
	layer_8: iam desperately in love with you he answered in this qhoires way
	layer_10: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his choireust way
	layer_12: iam desperately in love with you he answered in this choires way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: alo cno hw d yoa l your wood this time
	layer_4: illo conow hw dyoasl your wood this time
	layer_6: allo colonel how deoatel you woud this time
	layer_8: alow colonel how dyoei sellyou wood this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how do you sell you wood this time
	layer_12: alo colonel how doyou sell you a wood this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whye atting we mus chare you hreen a corter the stime the thul
	layer_4: wike ating we mustchart you threen a corder the stime the do
	layer_6: why atthing we must jharg you three n a corter this time the do
	layer_8: why gathing we must charge you three in a quarter this time the dope
	layer_10: vy ating we must charge you three and a quarter this time the do
	layer_12: vy atting we must charge you three ind a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: super was overan i retir t met uppur berth thuthwatead long cide an over lookin the bractaple were the capein i deeply ngage havin no the other paly as is princibl aponit
	layer_4: supper was over and i retire to mant upper birth the tuatad long side and over lookin the brakaple where the captaing with deeply engage havingnow the otheir pilyt as of principble opon it
	layer_6: supper was over and i retired to mete upper birth sutuated long side and overlooking the brack tapble where the captain with deeply engage having now the other pile as oif principle opponit
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to ma upper birth situated alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilt as if principal opponet
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the bracg table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilt as if principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the bracg table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as if principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: heder inoret then en taketin sux aredthe id s goot pedo at tomtin o cant ver wolyve tha gaenow is catting mryg worm
	layer_4: hader injore then and taken in six cward ther id s good sedto it tomtin a can ver wollyve the gae now is cutting mrght warm
	layer_6: had or injored the and takening six cordte ids good se to it tompsonda canveryoel ilyave the game now is ketting mrght warm
	layer_8: had ter ijore then and takning six cors ebit's good see to it tompsond a can't verywell leave the game now i's getting right warm
	layer_10: het her injure then in takeing six corsibits good see to it thomson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: hedher injore then in takeing six cors i its good see to it thomson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this puleds beniis all thesmashe the woade compliateto we pattle on a get
	layer_4: this pilets bennin as all the s mashed the wod he complitted  we patled on aget
	layer_6: this pilots beanigs all this mashed the woote completed we paddled on a get
	layer_8: this pilot's beating is all thismashed the wooddy completed we paddled on a git
	layer_10: this pilot's beatng is all the smashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beatng is all the smashed the woodie completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther inse stome vaurind thegame and they dillardit
	layer_4: their inxtiousto verend the game and they dilerd it
	layer_6: their anxiusto learned the game and they dilere it
	layer_8: the re anxious to learn the game and they delurtet
	layer_10: they wre anxious to learn the game and they delert it
	layer_12: they wre anxious to learn the game and they delert it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil whith all hes u samnges they cntinyu pling lhere wane it to learn begaimn
	layer_4: still with all these es amanages they continuw pling ley wont ite to learn begaim
	layer_6: still with all these as amanages they continue plain they want ed to learn began
	layer_8: still with all these isavantages the continue playing they wanted to learn thegame
	layer_10: still with all thes disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ouh protck liblys ser wrleplie the mate wiecanscircely thell wa had bo wear maing for wyeur blye to heep he it oldhe giver and there is a shud ofe of fogreasin
	layer_4: out pretic libly ser replied the mate we canscarcely tel waheadba be ar making folwye ur  bl to eap than it oldthe giver and there is a shetoofe o fog risig
	layer_6: ol prettyc glibly's sir replied the mat we can scarcely tell wha headbay we are making forwe ar ablag to heap then it olld thegover and there is te shedof a fog rizing
	layer_8: ll pretty glibbley sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heady we are making for we are oblige to heap then it all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: ell pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavy we are making for we are obliged to heap in it all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: well pretty glibbleys sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavy we are making for we are obliged to heap in it all the gover and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: thiswitshims rofhor beter n that e to k an a g el ofaces but war ning aly out agaend and must be loking ot from mor
	layer_4: this wits hims rad or bether an that we took an a gillofaces but werdningaly out again and must be looking out fom more
	layer_6: this witsems ra ford better than that we took an a gillow faces but werninga ly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this whit sems rad ferd better than that we took in  yllow faces but were nenatoly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this whit seems rofer better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this whit seems rodfer better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nearly out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: is all ligd juste hown the briagt sholl we hail
	layer_4: i's all li just to hwond the braght shwl we hale
	layer_6: i's al lit just to how on the bragt shalwl we hale
	layer_8: i's al a light just to h on the brat shell we hail
	layer_10: i sawl a light just to ho on the rac showl e hal
	layer_12: i'sawl light just to ho on the brace showl we hal

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: jyasiast erepie the cap ten rin the belan aghfo mics the pr e a woat apper
	layer_4: jesyiesd wre plye the cap beend ren the bellan afhtalmecs the parth of woad aper
	layer_6: yes yes repye the capin riemd the bellanaimets the parth of wat uppear
	layer_8: yes yes replied the capin dramed the bell and affilwots the parth of what appear
	layer_10: yes yes replied the captain dreamed the bell and athemats the parth of what appear
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captain dreamed the bell and athelmats the parth of what appear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i what youly aears ouble kens
	layer_4: iv what youldli a ners deble kings
	layer_6: i' hugt youlia nears douvile kings
	layer_8: i thought youlia nears doubile kings
	layer_10: i thought julia nears double kings
	layer_12: i thought julia nears double kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: dell sarf e pleazs bedte loc clextime
	layer_4: dal serif eu pleas been e look lex time
	layer_6: deal sir if you please bende luc lex time
	layer_8: teal sir if you please bederluck lex time
	layer_10: deal sir if you please benderlucklex time
	layer_12: deal sir if you please benerlucklex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot ear pats vwoys if the gin her o deck how wa cha you
	layer_4: the other pots voyce wof the gain her on deck how mat chhiave you
	layer_6: the other pit's voice wih gain hurno deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice was again hernau deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other pilot's voice was again herna deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again hernand deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: le bout tencort sir was replied the youthfulsailemen
	layer_4: nly bout tun cortsir was repliof the youthful sailsman
	layer_6: only about ton coart sir was reply of the youthful salsmen
	layer_8: only about ton couart sir was reply of the youthful salsman
	layer_10: only about ten quarts sir was thereply of the youthful salsman
	layer_12: only about ten quarts sir was the reply of the youthful sailsman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theycappin heritl tomsend takes sixords which wallast o tyliht in agin t ernetid thetenciin to the game
	layer_4: the capen heritl tomsendo take sixcords which wul last o lneylight in againterne etd thettention to the game
	layer_6: the capin here it all tompsond to takes sixcords which wul last to laylight ind again turn to tettention to the game
	layer_8: the capain here at old thomson to chak six cords which would last til laylight and again turned i attention to the game
	layer_10: the captain here told thompson to cake six cords which would last til daylight and again turn his attention to the game
	layer_12: the captain here told thompson to cake six cords which would last till daylight and again turn his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: tu pales e r change lases when diad thesleep
	layer_4: the palot e r change laces wone did they sleep
	layer_6: the palots e or change places one did they sleep
	layer_8: the palates  our changed places hene did they sleep
	layer_10: the palats her changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palats her changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wit i coan en thecar vfan agan to ker place in the mideral f the shrem powdling on as usual ga at lindon
	layer_4: witha can in the careof an agan took er place in the miderl of the shream powdling on is usal gay atlingthdon
	layer_6: witi g an ind the careofan again took her place in the miderle of the shream padling on as usual day at length done
	layer_8: witting an in the cureovan again took her place in the middle of the shream padling on as usual day at length dan
	layer_10: wittig an inn the cravan again took her place in the middle of the shream paddling on as usual day at length dawn
	layer_12: wittig an inn the caravan again took her place in the middle of the shream paddling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: id rison on we aut with a capten to enjoy of yearo the blops
	layer_4: i had rison o went at with a capan to enjoy of ye f the blufs
	layer_6: i had risend in went out with a capin to enjoy of yeu of the blufs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a vou of the blufs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a vew of the blufs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a vew of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlhearitais exclin the chaptan stoper
	layer_4: lerid  s exclyn the captin stoper
	layer_6: ler dy is excllain the captain stopper
	layer_8: lirida s exclaimed the captain' stopper
	layer_10: leirdas exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_12: leirdays exclaimed the captain stopper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gon
	layer_4: he was gong
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wou deep usekiese o chimson  an te tns
	layer_4: no wo deep luskise of cimsen nanbetins
	layer_6: no mor deep leu skyes of rhims an anambertins
	layer_8: no more deep lu skies of rimsen an ambetens
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies or crimson and ambetons
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies or crimson and ambetons

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by aself at the fire with oun mlight et candeles on the tabl behindher an gi olserh the day the hapi wak happy scaching chaful peasn dinno and the in comfotofle misuerbl woarlking the gaden
	layer_4: she sad by aself at the fir with unlighted candles on the table behind her ha gil overh the day the happy walk happy sketching cjeful pleasn dinner and he uncomfortable miserable walkin the gardon
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her an gie over the day the happy walk happy sketching charful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her an gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: ha wash she dostrben then happy he cuos a rinsting her mave anythin lhuthto refs of im possibol while he not many minits ofto he had medt withe rejection a what ordm ao bem the deepest hollise we pos alovf his life caupeaug as if its prece succiss and ol a suplficial cons equences of ea goot haus plever n a greable teciety wire the solavaurd objects o yheusesiysis older
	layer_4: hear was she distrbed in than hapfy he gause arinsting har made anything bich to refuse of in possible while he not many minus after he ad med withthe rejection a what ordr f been the deepest hollieus repose alovf his life couspeaku as if its bries success and allessupleficial consequences of a good hous clever an a greable tociety wirth tha sol ovoud objects of museesies iol dear
	layer_6: here was she disturbed in than hapfy because he rinsting had made anything but a refuse of impossible while he not many minues after he had met with a rejection or what order have been the deepest wholies roposeal of his life cuspak as if its briefes success and all hissuperficial consequences of a good house clever in agreeble tociety wirth a sol about objects of muey's yrs oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and an happy because her instinct had made anything but a refuseal impossible wile he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what orda have been the deepest holies proposal of his life cuspeak as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were ha sol avowed objects of itey's yrs oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ordrf bein the deepest holiest proposal of his life couspeik as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of ute's eyres oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible whell he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ordrof bein the deepest holiest proposal of his life couspeik as if it's brief success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of ute's eyres oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: a mothe came ing to the room befor dis woire of those wash a gusted intoanything like order
	layer_4: i mother came into the room before dis worl of thouse wash a justed into anything like ordar
	layer_6: omother came into the room before this worl of thougse wats adjusted into anything like order
	layer_8: yr mother came into the room before this worl of thougs was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: my mother came into the room before this worl of thouhs was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: my mother came into the room before this wirl of thouss was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: mis teor haalo sipt his thenotdrece tet silens morgeret headthe rispanses lnto hirself
	layer_4: misster hale sipt his tohe no stractet silenc margaret head the responces alto herself
	layer_6: mister hale sipped his teeinnow stracted silence margaret had the responces al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and obstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he ad not madthan menofar
	layer_4: she for got that he had not made then then offar
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them than offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margrt was wreparing hem mothis worst ed work ande all the srin kingk fro o tought of the long e ming in wishing bet ti wre con thet she my go  r the evvienceofthe day again
	layer_4: margaret was ereparing hem mother's worstive work andral the shrinkin from htthught of the long edning an wishing bed tie were come that she my go ovr the ovence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was repairing her mother's worstive work and rall the shrinkamg from he thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and rall the shring came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime woure come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was reparing her mother's worstet work and rall the shrink came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was reparing her mother's worstit work and rall the shrink came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime would come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: loget
	layer_4: lorgers
	layer_6: largerus
	layer_8: lagres
	layer_10: lagrs
	layer_12: margrs

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: on spea tyo vaut s om the very seeis toaso
	layer_4: i aneto speeak to you boutsome hi vhery seeris to a so
	layer_6: i want to speak t you about somethin very seious to a sa
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very serious to u saul
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us al
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us al

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: thery serris to hsal
	layer_4: vher ry seeres to a sol
	layer_6: very seris to a soul
	layer_8: very ceroust to assaul
	layer_10: very cerious to assault
	layer_12: very cerious to assault

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mista lenex and never hathe o benlity of enin any puoiase comhe sation witht a fal ther of to heom refsl or al sthad woud indee be av very see risof fair
	layer_4: mister lenics a never ha the o pruculity of heming any poies conosation with a father ofter her revusal or alsthat whut indee be a very see issaffair
	layer_6: mister lenics ad never had the orppoecunity of having any poiras comlisation with a father offter her refusal or allse that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the opporcunity of having any poo conversation with he father offter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any prish conversation with ar father affter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any pash conversation with a father affter her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not o bot anything whichaving only lahteleand sude lyyoa gurd could have given riced towan he copigatid toulcs that a fal the wishe uspek to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not o ot anything which having only latlan suden ly acgurd could have given rise to eny complicated thoughts hat a fathe wished a speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately ind suddenly occurrd could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wish to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rice to any complicated thoughts that ha father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that ha father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that he father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: miste halded not ansor form me dater
	layer_4: mister haldid not ounsewer fr m mnae dugt
	layer_6: mister hale did not aunswer firm min a dahte
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer firm in a dagte
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer fir m mi a datto
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer firmin adatto

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: malrgret coud not ba thes siht of the suspince wich waseven more destressing to her fathat t andto hiself
	layer_4: margaret could not ba the sighe of the suspince which was even more distressing to her fathat t ento herself
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of the suspence which was even more distressing to here father thento herself
	layer_8: margaret could not beay the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but wi daipofe din tellmeg
	layer_4: but wy dipopout din tel me
	layer_6: but why dop apout don't tell me
	layer_8: but why do papa don't tell me
	layer_10: but why do papa don't tell me
	layer_12: but why do papa dont tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: becase i must kno long of bei ministor in the church af ing and
	layer_4: because i m must no long of be n minister in the church of engand
	layer_6: because i must no longeor be a minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: thet nothing to the shopto receeprong mhis to has la spacte what could yhoe meem
	layer_4: thet nothing to the shrocte receip rom mis to hal's laspeach what could hou men
	layer_6: bat nothing to the shroctre receied from mister hall's laspeech what could hoe mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shrockure received from mister hales las speech what could he mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shroctire received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shrocsiry received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was an he wers for bingso risterius
	layer_4: it was on e wrs for being so resterious
	layer_6: it was al he worse for being so resterious
	layer_8: it was all e worse for being so mrysterious
	layer_10: it was allte worse for being so mysterious
	layer_12: it was allty worse for being so mysterious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: whak kang you knon long of be eclartoman
	layer_4: whi can you know longerf be aclarguman
	layer_6: why can you know longer by a clergyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: soly  the besha witol allwng mo bout firy and the hard in just
	layer_4: sourly it the bisho watold al we no about fridere and the heard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bisho wure old all we know about fredereit and the hard an just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard an just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard and just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard and just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: logarets i will till your boaces
	layer_4: lakarets i will tell your botcet
	layer_6: lagaret i will tell you bouit
	layer_8: lagaret i will tell you about it
	layer_10: lakaret i will tell you about it
	layer_12: lakaret i will tell you about it

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: ar relons o any questres thisoncs thut offte to nit leateus nabe spek o itagain
	layer_4: a rerlancser any questors this once tut after to nigh let us narber speeak of it again
	layer_6: i relancsar any questures this once but after to night let us neveber speak of it again
	layer_8: i willanswer any questores this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will answer any questions this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will answer any questions this onts but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i cand ned the contequenses of myt painful nisiable dout but it is an eugort beyon me to speakal what has caus my so wedh suffring
	layer_4: i can need the constyquences of my painful misurable doubt but it is aneood beyon me to speak what has cauls me so winh suffering
	layer_6: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubt but it is an effot beyond me to speakao what has callse me so mer suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has called me some suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doutses t rilation mion the slietes indreto that he pausd
	layer_4: no not doubtsas t elagion no the slightus indretor that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion now the slightes endry to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion no the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: wargrat scigt as if standing on the wergeuf soneen ya horrr
	layer_4: wargaret siht as if standing on the worge of som a hora
	layer_6: margaret sighe as if standing on the wordge of some nehorro
	layer_8: margaret sighd as if standing on the worde of some nehora
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some nuhora
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some nuhora

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: maget howin love the hol yjoece from wichhme to be shut out
	layer_4: mangretd how ilove the hold echogh from wichime to we shut out
	layer_6: magaret how i love the hold y chorge from which hm to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i loved the hole echurge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holedychurge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i love the holedychurge from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he culd not goon for a monlmenjato
	layer_4: he could not go on for a lmommen atto
	layer_6: he could not go on for a momen jolto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: wmagerd couldnoti what to say a seemed to her es teri beu massterious as i far fal ther were about d on m him aten
	layer_4: wmargart culd not til what to say a seemd to her es terribmisterious as if ar father were about to ton mar hem atenh
	layer_6: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her es terribly mysterious as if far father were about t un mahemitin
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to heresterribly mysterious as if her father were aboutt t n mhametean
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to heress terribly mysterious as if her father were about to to m mhemetin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her ess terribly mysterious as if her father were about to to om mahemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the on stat foundation of her hom of hor i dey of hr beloveetd father them reling  wooking
	layer_4: the onc stayt foundation of her home of vor ide of a belovid father thimrelling in wlolcking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of he belovered father theme reeling ind walking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seem reeling and walking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seeme reeling and walking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seeme reeling and walking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swaloew down the dry chr kingsof which had been heving ufron his heart i the t and goin t his ber ca ce h id took down ofvolun whiche had of fem been weading lake id fromg which he thought he ha do rive srinth to inter apon the cous n whecshe was nowimn bo
	layer_4: he swallowr down the dri choking sof which had been heving up trom his heart i theto and goin to his bercase h a took downe ofvolun whiche had oftren beeng weding latly id from which he thought he had derive strinth to enter opon the cose in which he was now in bo
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sovs which had been heaving up from his heart ithetrale and going to his buokcase heh took down a volune which he had ofteen bein weading lately in from which he thought he had derived strinth to enter upon the couse in which he was now in bohb
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobts which had been heaving up from his heart hhithetro and going to his book case he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now enbobed
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitheto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the caurse in which he was now embombed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now emborbed

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: nisent dy malgart said he fbo ding one aneround hr rast
	layer_4: nistent de magared said he buting one a eroun her rast
	layer_6: mnistende magaret said he put ting ont om auround her raced
	layer_8: listen dee margaret said he putting one arm around her raict
	layer_10: listen dar margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_12: listen deer margaret said he putting one arm round her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when gaod bill not used de onekind yet he will an a nother
	layer_4: when god will not use deen one kind yet he will and another
	layer_6: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use dene one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if when thou aur chlide with crupting gals wiship farsiufind tywous theurh pretendest and the sessisty or it onder to a continuens in the inistry
	layer_4: if when though ar charge with corrupting galdsworship foarlsufined hywelse theih pretendest and tecessesty or it on oder to a continuene in the ministry
	layer_6: if when though are charge with corrupting godswership falsufind thy reus though pretendustd and necessisty for it ownode to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thou are charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy raws though pretendest and necessity or it own n odar to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy wows though pretendest a necessaty or it own an oder to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy rows though pretendest a necessaty or it own an odor to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he ret this and glanseant mich mork which she did not wead whe gane res a ution for himslf and feltes ife he to could be brabe and tfhom in dang sat he bieved to e wiht at as he seesed he head morgberts lo con vulsosof and his courritd sangd down undtr the cnd sense of sufaing
	layer_4: as he read this and glanceant mich more which he did not reed he gain resaution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and fhum in doeing what he bleieve to be wighd at as he seised he head margarets low convulso sob and his curied sang down under the ken sinse of sufferingd
	layer_6: as he read this and glance ant much more which he did not reat he gain resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and frm in doing what he believed to be white bat as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsiv sob and his curried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his couried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not wread he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: ihave bone long with suf frepole ther wold hav rous anygmin les twal pet and cowed e behen mine
	layer_4: i have bone long with soff reporgch ther would have rous any min less to bin and cowdly ehen mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with saf reporch thert would have rouse any minde less tarbid and cowedly bthan mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with saf reporch there would have roused any mine less torbid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have bone long with sof reproach that would have roused any mind less torbid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have bone long with sof reproach that would have roused any mind less torbid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook is hedes hyou wenton
	layer_4: he shook his head is you wenton
	layer_6: he shook his head as you went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as yhou went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: magret i ried to do it i triedto contend myself wish simflurefesing vid disto breelen and soping quity heire strangym mi contionce now as i had straindod befor
	layer_4: margaret i cried to do it i cried to contend myself witsh simply refusing the distal grevrerlent and soppingquitly here stranging my contions now as i had strainedid before
	layer_6: margaret i cried to do it i cried to contentd myself wath simply refusing the disinal preverelent and sopping quitely here strangling my conscience now as i had strained itd before
	layer_8: margaret i cried to do it i cried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preverulent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional prevelent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preverlent and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: tgoghtshici me
	layer_4: thoh o givs me
	layer_6: thoghts agive me
	layer_8: thoughts tho give me
	layer_10: thoughts that give me
	layer_12: thoughts that give me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: heurals ind wokd up en downd th rim speeakinngo wors of seuflwle prllcg ad ho theiation a which margrt wastankfulr to heabut a fiw
	layer_4: he ros and walk up and down the room speaking o words of selfly proch and whuteiation a which margaret was thankful to ha but afew
	layer_6: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking lo words of soufly proach and humliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_8: he rose and walked up and down the rom speaking low words of sef yproach and humliation of which margaret was thankful to heir but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to har but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: maget i retuin to theal said brdim wemust lleve helston
	layer_4: margaret i returne to the l said brden we must leve helston
	layer_6: margaret i return to the ild said burden we must leave helston
	layer_8: margaret i returnd to the llsaid burden we must leave helstone
	layer_10: margaret i return to the illsaid burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i returnd to the illsaid burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: es
	layer_4: yes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i hav ritinto the bishu i day sa  ive tol dyous sobu i forget thingstus now said mis ter hale cholaptaing int se de presst mann as soom ints he can ko took lf phart matrof bacdetild in fourming him wof mainetongeen to resinthis pecurage
	layer_4: i av ritento the bishop i day say have told you so but i forget things tas now said mister haile collaptaing int his de pressed manne as son inse came to took of hard matrof fac detaild in forming him of mi ntangeion to resigne spickurage
	layer_6: i have writtin to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soonache came to took of hard mattero back detail informing him of my intengion to resign hespacurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i daye say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to tolok of hard matter of fac detail informing him of my intention to resign thi packarage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detailes informing him of my intention to resign the spicarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i daresay i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact detailes informing him of my intention to resign the spickarage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they o tut what i have trit uponm myself ror tautanwai
	layer_4: they out but what i have tried upon myself ver that wail
	layer_6: they out but what i have tried upon myself ith thot wal
	layer_8: they art but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_10: they are but what i have tried upon myself wihout a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that wu be acrile but wes farwos will wbet depornting fo my de appeople
	layer_4: that wiull be a crile but wers farwers weill wut teporting for my deappuople
	layer_6: that will be a cial but worse farwors wilrl wuth departing for my dea people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworse will e departing for my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a trial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: he will come to stay rwit ust o orow
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to morerow
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was i to rbeson sadon mean
	layer_4: was it to bes on sado men
	layer_6: was it to be some sada men
	layer_8: was it to be some sadon men
	layer_10: was it to be some sader men
	layer_12: was it to be some sader men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is moal say
	layer_4: what is mowosay
	layer_6: what dis mamase
	layer_8: what dis momasay
	layer_10: what oes moma say
	layer_12: what es moma say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: magret i am aepoull caolwen uftrallg i cannont ba to give paind
	layer_4: magret i am epoul callwen after all i can on bead to give pained
	layer_6: margaret i am a pool callwen after all i cannot bea to give paine
	layer_8: margaret i am a pool calon after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am a poorl callon after all i cannot bea to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am a pool callon after all i cannot bear to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in thei she most said logrd
	layer_4: yes in ded she most said lagerd
	layer_6: yes indeed she must said lagaret
	layer_8: yes indeed she must said lagard
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said magaerd
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margerd

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: hhaps ofr alld she maynot l yes
	layer_4: the haps ofrall she may not o yes
	layer_6: perhaps offfor all she may not o yes
	layer_8: perhaps offer all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps offfer all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps offer all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wile she must be short as a forseof the blow returned upon heself en cring to ra lise how w an novbher wour daket
	layer_4: she wall she must be shoked as a forceal the blowreturned upon herself an cring to rea lizs how another weuld take et
	layer_6: she well she must be shocked as a forcal the blow returned upon herself ind crying to relize how another would take it
	layer_8: she will she must be shocked as if fore l the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she will she must be shocked as i force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she will she must be shocked as i force of the blow returned upon herself and trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mille to no ten e answed with e dolindiffenc for heyhat ho eeve thact l theugh hestoght os lov hand made her clan to him ad for a momanstrie to seo t him with halou be et the keness of the paime was es fresios ever in hem mind
	layer_4: to milto nor them he answered with a don indifference for he hat paseive that althogh hes daughtos love had made her clain to him and for a momen strie to sowt him with arlove he eat the keeness of te payn was as freshes everin her mind
	layer_6: to mil to knor them he answered with a dune indifference for he had perceived that although he s daughtars love had made her claing to him and for a moment stribed to soth him with erlove he hat the keeness of tepain was as fresh s ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mil to northm he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clain to him and for a moment strived to sooth him with her love yet the keenness of do pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to milton northa he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clan to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of do pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to milton northam he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her clain to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of do pain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to hen oten
	layer_4: milto then othen
	layer_6: milto en athn
	layer_8: milton hinathrn
	layer_10: milton northar
	layer_12: milton norther

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he the sanedisponten indiffron way
	layer_4: yes said he nt he saimedispondhen en differen way
	layer_6: yes said he and the same desponden in different way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: tat he with this crak in c it tovf simpithyg wreaden her face as in e mara the reflections of his own modedepression and turnded offi thenefet
	layer_4: but heg with his qreak in cu itive simpthy read in her face as an amirar the reflections of his own muddepression and turnedid of i anefirt
	layer_6: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in amiror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off withan effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moodyd depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: yoe shall be tol do waoret
	layer_4: you shall be told on marbret
	layer_6: you shall be told o maberete
	layer_8: you shall be told o maberet
	layer_10: you shall be told o maberet
	layer_12: you shall be told o marberet

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: onle held mee to till you lather
	layer_4: only help me to tell you mother
	layer_6: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i an gaing ou fror the day to bi far the dobson in the po pel on bacy common oud by
	layer_4: i am ging agh for the day to bit far the dobson in the pur peoble on brasy comman god by
	layer_6: i am going ut for the day to bit far the dobson in the pol people on brazy common good by
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson and the por people on brazy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson in the poor people on brazy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bid father dobson in the poor people on brazy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: whicd yoi dislike brakg ent to hea varyn luche whalgert
	layer_4: would yo dislike braking it to her bery much wagart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her bery much margaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: mrger did  is liket dit ching from et more heimrom any tpingtued ever ha to doin whelife befulr
	layer_4: margar did is likeit didhring from it more then from any thingtued ever had to doin her life before
	layer_6: margare did aslike it ditchring from it more than from any thing she had ever had to doing her life before
	layer_8: margaret did't aslike it didchring from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret didnt dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she ad ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret didn't dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel hrooke his had the spon ing my h presst teor hand ind torken of bratitud
	layer_4: misster hal shook his head the sponding ly he presster hand in token of bratitud
	layer_6: mister hal shook his head tespondingly ho pressed her hand intoken of bratitude
	layer_8: mister hale shook his head despondingly whoe pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margret pus neliupb seintoganingtr birst of cin
	layer_4: margaret pus nealy upsint again ingto  birst of pyine
	layer_6: margaret was narly upsent again into burst of pine
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: to din hor thulds she said nowt tell me pa what up lanser
	layer_4: to den her thougts she said now tell me perpa what up nansa
	layer_6: ti dirn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what upnanza
	layer_8: to durn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_10: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza
	layer_12: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up nanza

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: oed ma mo have soe mone in dependan of teaincomefom the lifing hav not you on chaw has i know
	layer_4: you had mamo have some money in dependon of the incom from the living have not you on thaw has i know
	layer_6: you ad mama have some money in dependent of the incom from the living have not you oncar has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you an shaw has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you an haw has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you ant shaw has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: semmen toe of tat his al wis con to frigoric sinte has ween ha brod
	layer_4: seven te of bat his al was con to fregric sincty has meen a broud
	layer_6: seventy of that has always gone to frederic sinci has winabroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have soapafor sirving with e span shaling
	layer_4: hemust have somne a payfor serving with tespan shaming
	layer_6: e must have someapay for servin with dhespanscharmig
	layer_8: we must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_10: we must have somer pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_12: we must have some pay for serving with the spanish army

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fedrick must not serfer fand lagbert to sidaly in a far cuntr sow in dusle tretod by s on oundersis left
	layer_4: fredrick must not surfer sand marbet decidely in a fan cuntry so en justly treated by ison a handers is left
	layer_6: frederic must not suffer said marbret decidenly in a foren country so injustly treated by his orn he hunders is left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said marbart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aun a hunders is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said marbart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aun tha hundrers is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said marbaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aun the hundrers is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: no
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: said istl that would not andsir i must do somethaingk
	layer_4: said mis tal that would not answerth i must do somethingk
	layer_6: said misst hale that would not answer i must do somethingk
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can al was de si bet tapy myself and not inmtflance by those wo my love said he as a half o polligy for having terain so mighed reforl yar told any one of hits foandy of his emtntions
	layer_4: i canalwas deside bet ifo myself and not influnce by those whom my love said he as ai half e poligy for having arain so mihct before ye told any one of his fam thy of his intentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettefor myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half epoligy for having arran so mughct before ye told any one of his famiy of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better yr myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better fyr myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better fo myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before yet told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can not stame ofbjections
	layer_4: i can noltstan objections
	layer_6: i canultstan objections
	layer_8: i cannot stan objections
	layer_10: i cannotstand objections
	layer_12: i cannotstand objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: ae make me son de cidid
	layer_4: i make me so un decideid
	layer_6: i make me so an decideed
	layer_8: i make me so unddecided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: mis to hal com tonud a few monsa gol when my mis yoe hof dat beucamg moe then li couldbay without sbeeaking i rlo to mis to bell youw membomis to bell mogert
	layer_4: miste haile continued a fe lonsago when my misru ofe dap becang ore than i could bey without speaking i roke to missta bell yourmembmiste bell mogart
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months ago when my miserye of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to misster bell youremember mister bell magaret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister belle margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bey without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: now i dnovethe saw hem lifething
	layer_4: no i neve saw him lifething
	layer_6: no i never saw him li thing
	layer_8: no i never saw him li think
	layer_10: no i never saw him ithink
	layer_12: no i never saw him ithink

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and anyrat he hasfolpertye ve which has rery wi kan preas an velden es andcs niltan has becomp such a laigseuman ye factring ton
	layer_4: and any rate he has foperty vern which has rery mikan presed an veldies and s miltin has become such  largemanu factring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has foperty there which has very mi e in prieased tin valvines ind smilton has become such large manufactering town
	layer_8: at any rate he has polpity there which has very much inpriestd and valviess incesmilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has property there which has very much incriesed and valvuuss ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has property there which has very much incriesed and valvuess ince milton has become such a large manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i do now that he gamy d sriendh
	layer_4: i don't know that he ga me mit srenth
	layer_6: i don't know that he gave me mit sprenth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strenth
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me my strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a priv e cutr
	layer_4: a prive achutar
	layer_6: a priva tutir
	layer_8: a private cutor
	layer_10: a private tutor
	layer_12: a private cutor

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said magret tooking scoful wat in thewrlldimany factas want wit the casicts olitriture or the a comelishos e regentl min
	layer_4: said margaret tooking scoful what in the world minyu factors want with t e chlassics of litriture or the accomeliseofsof aegentlemen
	layer_6: said margaret looking sconful what in the worldin manufactres want with the classics on literacture ar the accomlisthonmns of a gentlemen
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics on literature or the accomlithoments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world did manufactures want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: o said her father some of then lay seend to befind fellos con tante of theirown difficiencies which is mordthan manyi mant boxstidis
	layer_4: oh said her father some of then rany seemd to be find fellos contence of the ron defficiencies which is more than many man at boxthat is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of them raly seeme to be find fellows contence of thei r own defficiencies which is more than many man at boxlat is
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them rally seeme to be fine fellows contents of their own deficiencies which is more than many  man at boxlod is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows contents of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxfot is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows contents of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxfot is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: som ong the churdren to be pet in stroctevd teen tay ehen selds her beeng
	layer_4: so on the churren to be pat in structed tehan theybehenselve har been
	layer_6: soe ont the chierun to be pettinstructevd than they beenselve have been
	layer_8: some wone the chilren to be better instructev than they bemselvfs have been
	layer_10: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want the children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in millt ton waret i shall find to busy life f not tha happy one and peopl and seen so dif frent that i shall never be rin ming of helseton
	layer_4: and in milton wararet i shall find to busy life f not a happy one and people and seein so different that i shall never be e mined of helston
	layer_6: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seeng so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and sing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and sing so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhescodent as it was with allmist a deetehestation for alcihad ever heard of the nar f ar vengland the manu factres the keeople the will and bee country theire was iswon recommindation hie would be dif from from helston and couldneverya mind themof that bee loed place
	layer_4: discodant as it was with allmist a dethestation for augshi had ever heard of the norfa england the manufactures the keeple the wiledand bleate country there was tis one recmmendation ie would be differem from helston and could nevery mind them off that beloved place
	layer_6: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for ar she had ever heard of the north of england the manu factures the people the wild and blak country there was this one recommendation it would be diffent from helston and could neverymind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blet country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and beak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and beak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: wen dilego
	layer_4: when do re go
	layer_6: when do e go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not knowrexate
	layer_4: i do not know exaty
	layer_6: i do not know exaty
	layer_8: i do not know exactly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i woniso takut o the with d ye
	layer_4: i wone is a talk it ove with you
	layer_6: i wanet is i talk it over with you
	layer_8: i want es to talk it over with you
	layer_10: i want ed to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want ed to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: thes see tuo mother novs nothing about its ed but i thin in afourght night alf to ma ded o roceicnatinis scentim i shall hav n wik to ing lamn
	layer_4: the see you mother knos nothing about it et but i fin in a fourt night af to my ded a resicnationis sent in i shall have tner wi toeng an
	layer_6: o see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight ofto my ded of rosignation is sent him i shall have now rit to eng lane
	layer_8: yo see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight off to my deed of resignation is sent hig i shall have no right to anlain
	layer_10: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight off to my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to inlain
	layer_12: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight off to my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to rinlain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: marget wes le stond
	layer_4: maket was all o stand
	layer_6: margarert was al tostand
	layer_8: margaret was almos stand
	layer_10: margaret was all most stand
	layer_12: margaret was all most stand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recoeed heisself re wmeud efdeny
	layer_4: but she recovered hisself remudedtely
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remudetly
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remediatly
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immediatly
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immediately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yes bupart it hard bet o be ficoonin hisideedly as e say
	layer_4: yes pupat it had betdte be fix soon and desidedly as you say
	layer_6: yes papar it had beterbe fix soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: flld pormmar wea
	layer_4: po pormen wea
	layer_6: pol poormaea
	layer_8: pold poor meria
	layer_10: pa poor meria
	layer_12: poa poor meria

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh i fiwhen not marad be fi wlo but mysel fie the wod how easit would be
	layer_4: oh if fi wed not marad efi wr but myself in the world how easit would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how eas it would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said lal eet talyou i will do it
	layer_4: no said mal wat salou i will do it
	layer_6: no said maw wet saly i will do it
	layer_8: no said mawwrt salle i will do it
	layer_10: no said maubet salli i will do it
	layer_12: no said mauvett salli i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must not tisei yurself in to dobting tho reaity of my wordts my fixthintention hand res al
	layer_4: yo must not tecseive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_6: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he lootat her ind the same steady stole maner for so momant s of to hed an speking
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony mano for some momen's ofte hyad un speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony manno for some moments after hehad unspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he ha don speaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the plessing of got bepon be my child
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon theve my child
	layer_6: the plessing of god be upon theeve my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the nexet moment she fard lest te sanser to his plessig might be you ovrend rong minte herd him as comeepon his dughter as she thru herams a roun es nik
	layer_4: the next mamwhenh she fad lesst the sanswer to his blessing might be u iverent rong mindt heard him as comipom his daughter as she threw her ams around is neck
	layer_6: the next moment she fared less this answer to his blessing might be iverent wrong might heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared lesstis answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lesti's answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lesti's answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard him lomen to himself the martes and confases ad be mnwor pain to beare i wilh notring
	layer_4: she head hem lomen to himself the martes in confaces had beemmore pain to bear i will nottring
	layer_6: she heard him loeen to himself the martes and confesees had even morepain to bear i will not trink
	layer_8: she heard him moment to himself the martis an confesses had even more paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him mormerng to himself the martyrs and confesses have even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him murmerng to himself the martyrs and confesses have even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they wa statl by heaing withs sus hailin quaringd for heor dourter
	layer_4: they wastartele by hearing with is hail inquiring for her daughter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearring witsus hail inquiring for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in siventeemn fifty he camefort in the caretora forwhic he wast em in te like quialiefied on tjestic teacture of hmorl and religus wuiston
	layer_4: in siventeen fifty he came fort in the carractr for which he was eminatli qualified an me justic teachure of moral and religius wisdon
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the characterfor which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the ve acl which he chose was that of a parioutical paper which he knew had beenupon forer accations inploie with grits eccess
	layer_4: the veicl which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions imployed with gret s uccess
	layer_6: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with greit success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a ta los howctonabit
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a to los how ctonavb it
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was a a loss how cto nave it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that papie i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that papier i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: i sat dou it nie tupon mi ben side and resaoed tha ti would notgo ta sleep till head fixsten's tile
	layer_4: i sat doub it night toupon my bedside and resoved that i would not goo toslep till h ad fixed antes title
	layer_6: i sat dow at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed itse title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisons not was affiction in which unconecon fregumente of his lu cubrations fer prpiselyd jumble together in his adimanorashye coud in ordertoeretusa laugapillfact
	layer_4: adisance not was affiction in which unconnectod fragments of his lucubrations for prposly jumbled together in his ao de manner as he culd in order to breduca laughableefact
	layer_6: adience note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in his aw demanner as he could in order to produce a lapable effect
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awe a manner as he could in order to produce a lafable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awed a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: wheresh chonsin she gbreviati onst er alldther stint and a plicbl to ech subject of which the had his mengi
	layer_4: were s jansons a breviations ore all estingd and a plicable to each subjeact of which the had his mentin
	layer_6: where th johnsons ofbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mention
	layer_8: where  johnsons afbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mentiond
	layer_10: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instancs tr is the folowng spessie
	layer_4: for instance there is the following scescoen
	layer_6: for instance there 's the following specilen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specilen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pomlhe conimities no sens of he previents of bad habits nidgligint of time ready t ndertake careles to prsu all cthaings d by time
	layer_4: publte conimeties no sente of the previlence of bad hapbits niglagent of time ready t oundertake careless to persu all changed by time
	layer_6: public conamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of the previlence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_10: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfinns of others oncsuspecting ars on exprienset himagioning himself securigeds neglet never amagons they wia ventre to treeatim al redy to frost expecting to be trostit
	layer_4: qonfidance of others on suspecting as onexperiencet imagining himself secure a gets neglect never amagins they were venture to treat him il ready to rosd expecting to be trost ed
	layer_6: qonfidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secureagainst neglect never imagines they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting to be trosted
	layer_8: confidence of others onsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagine they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you thom bishues as thinkin onderse s e tol be had
	layer_4: you tham bitius as thinking oners ese to behad
	layer_6: yu fambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_8: yute ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_10: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: tifet kinto prais persl dhat tiffermn peiries
	layer_4: deffect kind to prayse persud at diffen perins
	layer_6: diffret kinds of praise pursued at different perince
	layer_8: different kinds of praise pursued at different pyris
	layer_10: different kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods
	layer_12: different kinds of praise pursued at different pyriods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fancsian bad
	layer_4: of the fancee an bado
	layer_6: of the fancian madlod
	layer_8: of the fancian badld
	layer_10: of the fancian badloid
	layer_12: of the fancian badloid

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: rig
	layer_4: ri
	layer_6: gri
	layer_8: brik
	layer_10: rig
	layer_12: dring

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: scolles frenshofd like ladies
	layer_4: scollws frencship like ladies
	layer_6: scolow's friendship like ladies
	layer_8: scholowr's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: drone to man by woerds repelld by pasiens
	layer_4: dron to man by words repeled by passions
	layer_6: drowng to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: drawng to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: commin dang ou night s bmy crussing other passions bt they were turn
	layer_4: commondanger younigts bmy crusshing otheir passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger units by crushing other passions bout they re turn
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: iquallity indes complits
	layer_4: equality inders complis
	layer_6: equality inders complieance
	layer_8: equality hinders compliance
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: suparyrta poldouces inelence and enthe
	layer_4: superiort poduces incelence and enthy
	layer_6: superiorite produces insolence and enthy
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence an enthy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and envy

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: two act  r gi e an each to privet inthereist to lidtle
	layer_4: twoo much regd an each to privet interest to litdle
	layer_6: too much regard and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard in each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of conther rece was spearias aver o nowse dhe in colnmenions
	layer_4: of conferocy was superius aver one knose the in convenioncs
	layer_6: of confedracy wish superiours aver one knows the inconvenionc
	layer_8: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: wthepols no thoarty ever ymand his orn epinion his o intrist
	layer_4: with egles nothorty every mand his own apinion his on interest
	layer_6: with egals noauthority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man in his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: mand and wife hardle you nitd scare sevo with out tlperin
	layer_4: man and wife heardl yunighted scarseva without chroern
	layer_6: man and wife hardlyunited scarseva without cholrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce evo without children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: cop youtathion yif tuto an agains too how mad yol gin'st five
	layer_4: comp you tation yi'f to to wane against too how medyou' gainst five
	layer_6: computation iv two to one against too how medy against five
	layer_8: compputation ouv two to one against two how medy against five
	layer_10: computation yiv two to one against two how meddy against five
	layer_12: computation yiv two to one against two how medy against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as inmany otocases i go rong in ofposition tl convicton for i think scars any temperalcod equly to be des ied with he regad and the milli erity of wor the  mean
	layer_4: in this as in many othercases a go wrong in ofposition to conviction for i think scarse any tempral good equally to be desired with the regod and fimilliarity of wor thy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any tempral good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hope wh shall be smnet hone yar to ech other n ha a morready wayl poring outa heartts
	layer_4: i hope we shall be someton year to weach other a have a or ready way a poring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometomn near to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometom nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: igraeus benfit which one frien t cen confrpon inother is to gard and excight and elevat his vrthus
	layer_4: the graket his benif it which one friend ken confir upon another is to guaod and excite and elevite his vircues
	layer_6: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guod and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this yoor mother wills dill peform if yunjeligently pres erf the memvery of her life and of her death an ni easo foi se i colern o full wise and inisent an the deatht resind peeful and hordy
	layer_4: this your mother willstill perform if you dulagiently preserve the memery of her life and ofher death alite uso for as i cullarn ouh fullwhise and unicent and the death resignd peaceful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you giligiently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifeso for as i can learn isefullwise and inocent and the death resigned peaceful and horly
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a lifea so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canot for bhatimacentid ni the weason nrrebilation dini yu to hope thit amayin cre e her haponess byabaying her precets and that she may an her presnent state lok with pleasur aplon every actr vert to which hure instroctions or example have contriited
	layer_4: i cannot for bet to mition that neither reason nor revilation dinie you to hope tha sule may increase her happeness by obeying her precets and that she may ind her presont state lok with pleasure apon every actr vertue to which her instructions or example have contripjuted
	layer_6: i cannot forber tomition tha neither reason nor revelation denizs you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actor virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbere to mition that neither reason nor revelation denys you to hope that yo may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denys you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denyes you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wri down mindyuly wat youw r member of here frorm your ar lias yers you will reded with guateleshia and receive from itmany ins of sithing brecolection when time micho eremove eriyet falther from you and your grieafshall be  rachured to venerration
	layer_4: if you wrikte down min youtly wat youe member of her from your erlias ears you will readit with grac pletia and receive from it many inse of soithing brecollection when time ch ou remove heryet falher from you and our grief shall be mmecurd to veneration
	layer_6: if you rite down minutely what youre member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasare and received from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shaw remove her yet falher from you and your grief shall be matured to venoration
	layer_8: if you write down minutely what you r member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of sothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what youare a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what you are a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no perethirty two on pationcs even under exstrem misary is onderfully lofty and as mut hiboved the rant of stoceesun as the son of ruveolition is briture of then the twiliht of pagoni folosipa
	layer_4: noperthirty two on patience even under extrame missery is wonderfully lofty and as much bove the rant of stocism as the son of rovolation is brightere than the twilight of pagan fhulosophy
	layer_6: nober thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stosism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_8: nomber thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of sthoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: nember thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: number thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it mustinded be aloud that the structurvehis sentnces is expandet and often has some wat of the invirtion of latdn and thet he delihted to express fomiliourfhoughtsan n fillasoffic alauage being in this the reversof socritys whoit wase said whrldused filosofve to the simplicity of coman life
	layer_4: it must indeed be aloued that the structure ive his senteances is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latten and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an phillasofficaaliuage being in this the revers of socrities whoa it wee said woule duced pfulosoed to the simplicity of commint life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his senences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of lattin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts inphilosophical laguage being in this the reverse of socrities who  it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled shargeh has been eccod from one babolar to a nother who haw con founded junsons essays with junsns dictionary and because he fugtise rigty in e luxs acan of ar liwhich to coloc many words which had fallan inted des us but were supported by gratoforties mit is bet imagiondat thate all of thees have been into woven into his own composiions
	layer_4: this idled charge has been ecod from one babalar to another who haw confounded jonsons essays with josn's dictionary and because he thougt ig wright in a luxaccon of our language to colluct many words which had fallan into disuse but were supported by greatothorities it is be imagined that all of these have been intowovan into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been echoed from one babeler to another who have confounded johnson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it rigt in elexicon of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into dissuse but were supported by greatauthorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essas with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbeler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: their stiles differs plaine cloth and broad
	layer_4: theire stiles differs plaine cloth and broeade
	layer_6: their styles differ s plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: ourstremis plasur has somesort of groning in compliting init wud you not say tht it is dying of pan
	layer_4: oure xtrey mis plasure has some sort of groning and complating in it wouldh you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: ourk tremes pleasure has some sort of groaning and complating in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaning in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest in fullist contentment offrs moreof the grve thian of the mary ipsafr licitus say tesyt imperout preit even follicity andluss it moteratet self a presses
	layer_4: the highest an fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ipsapfilicitoss say necytemperot premit even fillicity and less it moderatedself appresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa pfeliqetos say nescy temperot premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas say nissy temperot premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafelicitas say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsafelicitas say nissy temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: socrity says that some god triede to mictt in one mask and o con found pin and plasur but not beeing abil to do it he bethaugt him it leasd to cuple them bo the tale meterdoor said that in soro their somnemixur of plasur
	layer_4: sucrity says that some god tried tomicxin one mass and o confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the tale meteradoor said that in sorro theirs sommicure of plasure
	layer_6: socrates says that some god tried do mix in one mass anto confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail mettrodor said that in sorrow theirs some mixure of pleasure
	layer_8: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass andto confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there some mixture of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodors said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: natyure tescover sisconfusind to use painter's hol thit the sam motions an grmises of the face that sirv for weping sir for lafter tok and endeed befor the one of the other be finished do but o bserved the paturs manner of handling and yu will be an dout to wuhich of the to the disinetens and the extrem of lafter des it laskt bring ters
	layer_4: natyoure discovers is confuson to us painters hole that the same motions and grimises of the face that serve for weeping sir for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished du but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to whitch of the two the designe tens and the extrem of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimases of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observed the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painter's whold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubed to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hole that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefore comon andless  speculitiv sols ar foundo be more proper for andmoresuccessful in the managebment ofafairs and the elevated ain ex quisid av pinions of fullosipy un fit forbusiness thi sharptevacity of sol and the supple and restless voll you bility atending it disterbon agociations
	layer_4: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of afairs and the elevated an excuusit opinions of philosophy unfit forbusiness the sharpvevacity of soul and the supple andresless vollubility attending it desterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper four and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vavacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it desturbyrn agotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbyr negotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb or negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb or negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who dis into and in his inquusition co perhens allscircomstancs and consiquences hinders his  luction a litt elens on well andl this suffision firxecutioncs wother of less or breat herwait
	layer_4: he who dis in to and in his inquisition comperhends all circumstances and consequences hinders his alection a littlengand well handaled this sufficient fir xecutions whether of less or greater waihte
	layer_6: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engeane well nandled his sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the lofti t thu sididies is abut to itter upon his discription of the plag that decelyt ad athens one of his motern commntators assurce to reater that the histr as now going to be exceedingly solom serious an pahutic and hince withat airofe chucplying gretulation with which a good dame douseforththa choice morcul fom a cobared to were gail laf favret that this plag will give his histry amoste greaable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thughsididies isabout to intter upon his description of the pleg that decolated athens one of his modern commentators asurse tho rater that the histr ous now going to be ecceedingly solem serious ind pathetic and hince with that airof chuckling greatulation with which a good dame daws fort he choice morsael from a coubared to weregal efavorite that this plag will give his history amost a greeable variety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucidities is about to entter upon his description of the plagu that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the historiy is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsal from a cupboard to eregaile a favorite that this plagu will give his history amost agreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hinte with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regal a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commendators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favourite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: safthor the tro subjects for the he stori pen
	layer_4: such of the tro subjects for they historic pen
	layer_6: such of the tru subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fol of empirs the desillation of happy countries splended cities  smuokyg in thir ruans the protise works of art tumbledin the dust the shreeaks an grons of hol nations a sending un do heaven
	layer_4: the foll of empirs the decelation of happy countries splended cities smoking in their ruans the prodistd works of art tumbled in the dust the shreks and grons of whole nations ascending undo heaven
	layer_6: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudese works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations assending unto heaven
	layer_8: the full of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shreeks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thus tho swrms of flis which ur so of an execrated is ucless verman or creaded for th sustan suspiders and spiters on the other hand ar evr tantily made tod divour flis
	layer_4: thus those swarms of flis which our so of an execrated as useless verman ar created for the sustants uf spiders and spiders on the other hand aure evidently made do devour flwis
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so off an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustinates of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: anchet troditions speak much o is lerning and of the gallent inrods he had mad indo the dead languigus in which he had mad captive oa hosetof greak nones and ltein vers and brought off rich bouty in anceren sos an apotigims which he was ant to peraide in his pub the c orangs as a triolfit enneal of yor his spollia ulpimu
	layer_4: ancent trditions speak much of his learning and of the gallent inroades he had made into the deadlanguages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latein verbs and brought off rich bouty in ancient sauwse and apothigms which he was want to paraed in his publi corangs as a triumfet general of yor his spollia upima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apotagims which he was want to parad in his public arangs as a triumphet general of yoar his spolia ulpima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek knowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogums which he was wont to parade in his public arangus as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothedums which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia upima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothedums which he was wont to parade in his public arangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia ulpima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: it was abserved hoever that he seld o got indo an aur ument without gety indo a perpexoity and then indo a pastion with is ad rsary for not bein convincet gratise
	layer_4: it was observed however that he sildom got into an argument without gettyg into a perpluxity and then into a paition with his advesary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_6: it was observed however that he sildom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratuss
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: h is abod which he had fic at a bowry or country seat ant a short distince from the city just at what is nowcalld dutch street soon abounded with profs of his ingonewity pattnd smok jaks thait requard a horse to work them dutch ovencs that rosted met without fire carts that went before the horses whether cocks that turned againse the wind an other rong headded couotrivadses that a stonishd ind colnfoundend all beholdrs
	layer_4: he s abowd which he had ficed at a bowry or country ceat ant a short distance from the city jusd at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patened smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovans that rosted meet without fire carts that went before the horses whether coks that turned against the wind an other wrong headed corotrivadces that a stonished in confounded all beholders
	layer_6: he s abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that requiredta horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather coks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed cotrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: heis abowede which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks tat required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind an other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smokejacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is in anowlage as n swoming he who flounders in splices onf the surfice mix more noys in attrac more tension than the purld diver wlho quitly dis in quest of thrasues to the ottom
	layer_4: it is in knowlege as in swiming he who flounders and splaces on the surface maxs more nois an attracks morettension than the perl diver lu quietly dies in quest ovf trasures to the votom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splishes on the surface maes more noise in attracts more attention than the pearl diver wlu quietly dives in questive trasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in questof treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the wromons by thes means aructed ter collinies for prceiving their city to grot inmasurably polpulus they eased ditt of the most unnecessary peopl and sent om to him habit an cultivat t elan's conqred bo them somepomsj alsa they purpeaely mainetain wars fwat some of their enemis not only to keep theire own men anaction for fere lest eitale nes the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse in conveniance
	layer_4: the romans by this means arected their colanies for prceeving their city to groe immasurably populous they easd it of the most unnecessary people and senthem to im habit and cultivate the lan's conqured by them sometimsalso they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men anaction for fere lesst idleness the mother of coruption should bring upon them some worse inconvinience
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for proceivding their city to grow immeasurably populus they eased it of the most unnecessary people hand sent them to im habit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men inaction for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for prceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear less idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffor the lves of along piease lugxerous more pronisious tha  or
	layer_4: and we suffer the ils of along piece luxturias more pronicious than mware
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long pieace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long pece luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long pieace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and thesaso was onres on whyour king fillop consented to cend his sun jon apon oforn ectbodition that he mighte take along with hem a great number of hot yong man who werh then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was onres on whi our king phillip consented to send his son john upon afor in expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one res in why our king philip consented to send his sonjohn upon a foreand expedition that he might take along with thim a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why or king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with thim a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other endashe impeus artof thegladiyatrs propo sto itself what the slatter of young men what plasure feid with blod
	layer_4: what other end as the impious art of the glady ators proposesto itself what the slater of young men what plasure fed with blo
	layer_6: what other end os the impious ourt of the gladiaters proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiaters propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what other end does the impious art of the glatiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty honers delade for thi rain thand be successer to thi fathers hans forth let nonit rom be slayn for sfort
	layer_4: prince take thehoners delad for thy rain an be successor to thy fathers hense forth let non ite rom beslain for sport
	layer_6: prince take the honors delayed for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers hence forth let none at rom beslain for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honors delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let bests blod stany in forlmesarina and no more homasids be their acted
	layer_4: let beasts bld stain the infimesarina and no more homasides be their actad
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infamoucerena and no more hommasides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamous erena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not a noughfor then toefiht andodiy braively but cerefully to in su much the they wer hist and curst if they mad any has atation about receiving their death
	layer_4: it was not anough for then ofight and edibravely but curfully too in sumuch that they were hist and courst if they made any hisitation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but ceerfully too in somuch that they were hist and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the very girls themsellvs seft hem on
	layer_4: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the gining ov revolt
	layer_4: the gining of revalt
	layer_6: the ginning of revult
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this uanexpected comand the supris was creat o on bord the ford
	layer_4: at this unexpected commound the surprise was greaton board the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forwrd
	layer_12: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forrd

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: like the firs exclaimsen
	layer_4: lighte the fires exclam som
	layer_6: light the fires exclem some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaime some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: hart t wih askstoinse
	layer_4: wat with akedtonthens
	layer_6: what with asked others
	layer_8: what with asked others
	layer_10: what with asked others
	layer_12: what with asked others

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf the stilve with the masts aten warn
	layer_4: and stuf the stove with the masts ed an waran
	layer_6: and stuff the stove with the masts eddin worran
	layer_8: and stuffd the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_10: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren
	layer_12: and stuffed the stove with the masts ed and warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: dit jyou h me
	layer_4: did you her me
	layer_6: did you healr me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whosok crid haterus
	layer_4: who spoke crind haterous
	layer_6: who spoke cried haterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i did said pen ad vancsinn toward stucoptin
	layer_4: i did said pen dvancincn towards the coptain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancin towards the captain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i s anstered pen with inoth i say we've hadanouf o it and be wln' go any further
	layer_4: i say answered pen with en oth i say we've had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pin with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent kilous with hunger an work in the witter and they shant lighte the firs
	layer_4: you shent kilus with hunger and work in the winter and they shent ligkhte the fires
	layer_6: you shan't killos with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they sha'n't light the fires
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they sha'n't light the fires

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if fyou repeat wat the man sas answered hatterus ol have you shoe up pbenyur caben an garded
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man sys answered heterus i'll have yow shut up bin your cabin and garded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man siys answered haterus ill have you shut up in your cabin and garded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmorwis hard
	layer_4: a marmor was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she enginare follow by plover and wrn whent down to his post
	layer_4: the engener followed by plover and woarn went down to his post
	layer_6: the ingineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the steem was soon got up the anckrs er wayd and the forward veird away easd cutting the ungeice with hir stele prow
	layer_4: the steem was soon got up the ancrs were waid and the forward vered away east cutting the yung eice with her stel prow
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were waed and the forward veired away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the foreward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the foreward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bering iland an beacture point there ar consideable contity o islans in the mist of icefeels the streams crowed ogether in eittle chaniels which cut uptis part of the see they had a tended y to a gloorate undeor the relltovely low t emporture homoks were fornm yre an thereand these mases already more comepact densere and closere to gether would soon form an impenitrable mas
	layer_4: between baring island and beachere point ther ara considable quantity of islans in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendensy to a glomerate under the realativfely low temporture howmoks were formed here in there and these masses already more compact denswere and clocere together would soon form an impenatrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerble quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature homochs were formed here ind there and these masses already more compacetd denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i' beginni not to and swired wall
	layer_4: i'm begina not to andswered wall
	layer_6: i'm beginna not to answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginnin not to answered wall
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wall
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wall

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatteres still hope to find and open see beyon the sevly sofit th paralel as ser adwerd belture had don
	layer_4: hat erus still hope to find and open sea beyond the sevely s of ah paralel as sir edward biltur had done
	layer_6: hatterus still hope to find an open sea beyond the seventy sovat parallel as sir edward belcere had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: aut he to treat thes acounces apocrafl
	layer_4: ougt he to treat these accounces aporcripful
	layer_6: ought he to treath these accounces a pocrifl
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accountces aporiful
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accounts as apocriphal
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accounts as apocriphal

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nexh tay the son set for the firstime ending thus the long suries of das with twenty forhours a them
	layer_4: the next day the son set for the first time ending thus the long suries of days with twenty for hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had inded by getting a custom to the contenua day light but it had never mad any difference to the animals the greenon dogs ent to their rest at theira custom dour and dick slupt as regularly every uvening as to darktnesad coverd the scy
	layer_4: the men had inded by getting a custom to the continuall daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the green wendogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick sluppt as regulaly every uvening as thoug darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenlan dogs went to their rest at theie accustomed hour and dick sleped as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by followian jonsons advice a custhimt himself to support the low timertr he almost olis stayde own deck raving the cold the wind an the snow
	layer_4: the doctor by following johnsons advice a custimed himself to supporth he low timbarture he almost always stayed on deck raving the cold the wind an the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low timperture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: there s morethan one among stu s ho woud like to in imenttate the my think
	layer_4: there is more than one among stuss ho would like to in imitate the my think
	layer_6: theres more than one amongstes who would like to an imitate that i think
	layer_8: there is more than one among stuc who would like to and imitate tham i think
	layer_10: there is more than one among st us who would like to an imitate them i think
	layer_12: there is more than one among st ush who would like to and imitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they r cowaets misteclawbony tho se enimal s had nol prvisions aswe have and or blides to seeke there fod word is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowarts misteclowbony those animals had not provisions as we have and or oblige to seek their food were it is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and are oblige to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawbonney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawbonney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hope that hateraswil sucxseed then
	layer_4: you hope that hat erus will succeed then
	layer_6: you hope that hatterus will succeed then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertainly wel mister clawlbone
	layer_4: he certainly will mister clalb ony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister claw wonny
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbunney
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbunney

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i m of the same u pinan as youw jarnson and of fee only wanted one faihful cobaon he'l have to
	layer_4: im of the same opinionas you johncon and a feeonly wantered one faithful combaion he'il have too
	layer_6: i 'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wantered one faithful companion he'll have too
	layer_8: i 'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert land which the forwrd was s then costing bers aws o the name o granow lan and thoug hatterus from his hatred to the ances would niver callet bi tsmercan name it is the oneit genely gos by
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forwad was then coasting bers also the name of grinel lan and though hatterus from his hatred to the ancies would nevercollet by its imerican name it is the one ite generaly gos by
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forwad was then coasting bears also the name of grinell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankiys would never call it by its emerican name it is the oneit generally goes by
	layer_8: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of gruenell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the agteent of algese they sitedt bretonny a mountain scurcely visible thrugh the mist and the foreward waide ancerd the nectay in norththumberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eghteento algus they sigted bretiny amountain scurcely visible through the mist and the forward waihd ancere the nextday in nor thumberlan bay
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britani a mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weghed anchor the next day in northumberlan bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britania mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the foreward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: nd aa mordl upolow soptor earn his bred amon smen
	layer_4: and asa mortal a polow sop to earn his bread amontst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal apollo soght to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterward peopl waonderedottad medices ever smil ing face andevarrating ben
	layer_4: afterward people wondere d at ad medices ever smiling face and everatiing ben
	layer_6: afterward people wonderedatad medices ever smiling face and everading bein
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at admedaces ever smiling face and evorrading ben
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at amedacis ever smiling face and everading ben
	layer_12: afterward people wondered at admedacis ever smiling face and everrating bean

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: thot was before ad mader saile hon  arago with jacon and the cpanins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before ad made saildone aurgo with jacen and the companions of the quest
	layer_6: that was before admedu sailed onhe argo withjason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before id meduce sailed onhe argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before had medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: there after ad meduse hovin love of 'l castice was eveen more happy than he had been before
	layer_4: there after ad maduce having love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter atmeduce having tlove of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at meducs having e love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a radint fhigur at was and ad matte sne that disse a pollow come to om again
	layer_4: a radiant figure at was and admetter snew that tis wos a polow come to am again
	layer_6: a radient figure it was and admettese knew that dhis was apollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and admetace knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and admedus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and edmedus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but a pollow turne to had meduse a fae thotws with out joy
	layer_4: but a polow turn to admedise a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a pollo turn to admetice a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admeduc a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admedis a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been my no polow throug your frienship fome said ned mittise
	layer_4: what youse of happiness have been mi kno polow through your friend ship for me said nedmettice
	layer_6: what use hof happiness have been min no pollow through your friendship for me said nadmedic
	layer_8: what eus of happiness have been mi  oapollo through your friendship for me said nedmedice
	layer_10: what us of happiness have been mine oapollo through your friendship for me said ned mec
	layer_12: what yews of happiness have been mine oapollo through your friendship for me said ned medice

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: bhuet still u polo stood beforn with a fa sotwas withou jroy
	layer_4: but still a polow stood beformm with a facethot was without jroy
	layer_6: but still a palo stood beforhim with a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but still apolo stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spo kan his vose was not tha cler n viberent voice that he had ontcs in speaking tourad medis
	layer_4: he spokeand his voice was not that clear and viban voice that he had once in speaking to raed medice
	layer_6: he spoke in his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to had medice
	layer_8: he spoke an his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to admedice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to admedice
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to admedice

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad midisce ad medius he said it is frme to tell you that you may no more loocon thobou skyion or walk upon the greenerth
	layer_4: admidice admedics he said it is foro me to tell you that you may no more look on the blusky nor walk upond the greenerth
	layer_6: admitice admeduc he said it is for me yu to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admitice admedice he said it is for me y to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: admitus admetic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: admitus admetis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it is trme to tell ou that the gard of the andrwoldt we hoave you come trm mad muics and medus no tha eveen now the gord of thandrold is cending deathfor you
	layer_4: it istorme to tell you that the god of the underwl to will have you come toa madmedice and meduse no tha even now the god of thandral is cending death for you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwill to will have you come to amadmedice and meduce know that even now the god of theunderold issending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to amadmedice and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedic and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmetis and medice know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if one will go willing lyin thi place with death dow can still lielon go ad metis
	layer_4: if orne will go willingly and thy place with death dhou can't still live on go ad medtic
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admedice
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go admedice
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go edmedice
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go edmedice

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: ad then he camepon antient oman who sap uponstorons in the cortard grinean coren betweeng twoo stons
	layer_4: and then he came pon ancient woman who sat upon stins in the curtyard grindan corned between two stones
	layer_6: and then he came pon an ancient woman who sat upon stoens in the courtyard drindan corne between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard drindin corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard drindin corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the court yard drindin corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was signas hye had firs nolder with ar eyse blerd end erd imes shakind and with the dust of the cort goard in tehusks of the qorn ing a matedthar
	layer_4: there she was siddin as he had first no her with her eys blerd anderine shakingd and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in er maded hair
	layer_6: there she was sien as he had first knowe her with her eyes blered and herne shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her maded hair
	layer_8: there she was sing as he had first knowne her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was siing as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_12: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knee shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went tower and spopkdtur and the aster to take a place of the ken and go with death
	layer_4: he went tower and spoked her and he asdter to take the place of the ken and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spoke to her and he ast er to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go weth death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and goeth death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heard the name of deash or a cameinto th face of th ansre woman and she cried out that she would no let detht come near her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death hora came into the face of the ance woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death horr came into the face of the anciet woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd madistook e man shiwild hand and the astom if ew would not take the kin s place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medis stook th man shiveled hand and the asom if you would not take the kens place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: ad medics took the man shiveled hand and the asd him if you would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: edmedice took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: admetis took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admetis took the man's chivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then atdmendis wintingto the powse and into the chamebare is bedwas and he lay downd upon tha bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death tho wase comind for him from the god of tondrwrld and he lemented that none of the rechug ones roun pouse woered take is place
	layer_4: then admedice wintin to the powacse and into the chambwar s bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was commin for him from the god of lande world and he lemented that none of the reched ones rown  pouse werd take his place
	layer_6: then admeduce wint in to the paace and into the chambewer s bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones roun the pause would take his place
	layer_8: then admedice went into the palace and into the chamberwar's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landaworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palce would take his place
	layer_10: then admedic went into the palace and into the chamberlir's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palce would take his place
	layer_12: then admedic went into the palace and into the chamberir's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of landa world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go eon your place for you are the kene and have many gread fairstoten tou
	layer_4: one should go on your place for you are the kein and have many grea a fair stou attendtyou
	layer_6: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to atten t oue
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend you
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the fortsteps seemed to stop
	layer_4: now the foot steps seemed to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tarl for him mas befor
	layer_4: it was not so taribl for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrble for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word s ee hatd spokin he would havf taken back the word s ad brought her consent to go was death in his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken backd the words the ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: det the would soen lbecear for her
	layer_4: deh the would soon be hear for her
	layer_6: deth th wood soon be here for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not her for he would no have dest come minto the pouse
	layer_4: no not here for heu would not have deth come into the pousse
	layer_6: no not here for he would not have death come into the pause
	layer_8: no not here for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_10: no not here for he would not have death come into the polce
	layer_12: no not here for he would not have death come into the polce

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftod al cest is frong bed and ecaried er from the pouse
	layer_4: he lifted allcesticed frong bed and he carrieder from the pouse
	layer_6: he lifted alkestis from bed and he carried her from the palase
	layer_8: he lifted acestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: no lrspeach came from her
	layer_4: no mor spech came from her
	layer_6: no more of speech came from her
	layer_8: no more or speech came from her
	layer_10: no more of speech came from her
	layer_12: no more of speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and as for ad medters he went within the chamber an knot besid te bed on which a cest is sad lain and thoghpet of his arible las
	layer_4: and as for ad meatters he went within the chamber and nolt besideth bed on which all kestis sad lane and thoughpet of his errible oss
	layer_6: and as for admeatters he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which iall kest his salaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admetucs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which acestus sadlaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for admeturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestus adelaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for admetturs he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestus sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gar dis that sact f i sdo
	layer_4: to what gar dis that sacfice do
	layer_6: ti what gad is that sacfice go
	layer_8: to what god does that sacfice gu
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice du

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and then roklys felt that noar lehbor was befor him
	layer_4: and then rotkles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then vrocles felt that another labour was before him
	layer_8: and then eraclis felt that another labour was before him
	layer_10: and then hraclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_12: and then heraclis felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ihve drag dup from lhe undrld he fhougt the hound tha gards lose who desperan sounne intr the reun of the gart of thond rwold
	layer_4: i have draged up from the undwrld he thought the hound tha gard's lowse who dethprn stowun inter the roulm of the god of thunderold
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the undrworld he thought the hound that guards lose whom dethperen sdownd into the realm of the god of the underold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death bring down into the realm of the god of the underwold
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underwold

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: wy shouldi not strivoe with death
	layer_4: why should i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and wade a noble then it would be to breing back tis fatful woman to her house and to her husbend
	layer_4: and wat e noble thin it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_6: and what a noble then it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble thiene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: helefthe pause of rdmadteuse and he wint the cempl of the gads
	layer_4: he left the palse of admeaduce and he wint to the cemple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of edmearuce and he went to the cample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of admeruce and he went to the tampl of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the templ of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of edmerus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are held by me doeath and you will nok be let go in less you prom isto go forth from thi stample with out brening one wih you
	layer_4: you are held by me death and you will nok belet go in less you promise to go forth from thi stample without breining one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me death and you will not belet go unless you promised to go forth from this stample without breining one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without breinging one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and deth knoing that herraclyese could hold him ther and that the business omfe the god of manderwld would be left on don af he were held prom mes that he ra leave the templ with oubrin one withimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that harackleas could hold him there and that the business of the god of manderwald would be left on done if hyoe were held promis that he wore leaved the temple without brin one withimg
	layer_6: and death knowing that haracleis could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerword would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without breing one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerword would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vld an admendis could not see her feathurs
	layer_4: she was vailed and hadmenise could not see her features
	layer_6: she was vailed and admenice could not see her futures
	layer_8: she was veiled and admenace could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and amenaced could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and amenaced could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: her is a wilmen who my am bren back to he husmand i wone her from anneme
	layer_4: here is a woman whom i am bren back to her husband i wone her from an enemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am brang back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringng back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thisi kannot d saidere medis ave had paimnes anogh
	layer_4: this si cannot do said ed midice i've had pains anough
	layer_6: this i cannot do said e medice i'ave had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do saidmedice i'ave had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do saidmeddise i have had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do saidmedis i h've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at better srased te veail of the woman he had taken cross f the thir should r f his heus
	layer_4: then ad mettew sraized the vaile of the woman he had taken cross f the thir shoulder of his heaupes
	layer_6: then ad medus raised the vail of the woman he had taken across  the thirshoulde of his heaups
	layer_8: then at medus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirsholder of his house
	layer_10: then at merus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholder of his house
	layer_12: then at merus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thresholder of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus when dogmas ledit what the man rilly and ingeneral wills r main stiol the same
	layer_4: thus win dog mas leadit what the man rilly and in general willvs remain still the same
	layer_6: thus whin dogmas lead it what the man really and in general willvs remain still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for thes ar calefol anly for lhimselves for thar on eglism jesigea badit from whom there only desto wuish by tobserty of their means
	layer_4: for these are care ful olnly for themselves for their on eagoism just lie th bandit from whom the re only distin uish by thebserdy of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by thebsurdy of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdy of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdi of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdi of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the dedes and conduct oan endovigual and of ination mayd be vry much motofid to dagas example andcustom
	layer_4: the deeds and condupt of an individual and of ination may be very much modifiede thro dogaes example andcustom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified hrugh dogmas example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogua's example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogma's example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equal do gree of woickaness one man may diyo mawiall an anotler ina bozsn of vis famly
	layer_4: with an equal tdogree of wikeness one man may dion the wl and another in the bozm of his family
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the whel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the heel ind another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is coneieveable th a perfict stat or perhoaps indeed accomplet and firnly belyv docton of er wars an punshmnte aftr death light provant everycrime politiclyg much would beeganed thervy moraly nothine on ir the xpression of the will in life would bear stricte
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thy a perfecte state or perhaps indeed accomplete and firmlly believed doctirone of erwards and punchments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be ganed theirevy moroughly nothing onyr the expression of the will in life would be r stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctron of ewards and punschments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained t their vi maraly nothing onleyr the expression of the will in life would be erstricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punschments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained theire vy morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who ear see lhe theri of vertu and have therfor asit expressed stacty the neacr oef lthe mowllge which lis at itsfoundation weill et beunable to convay that nalge itself in tis s uxpression
	layer_4: we who her seek the theory of virtu and have therefore alsi to expressed ove stracty the natr of the knollge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that nolge itself in the suxpression
	layer_6: we who heare seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to expressive stractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowldge itself in this s expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he sees ait the is stinction thetwen hmself and ealleurs which tuh the bad man as so great agoth only blon tho  fleeaning and loce of thoom mom
	layer_4: he sees that the istinction between hmself and olers which to the bad man is so great a goth only blons throg a fleeding and loucs ofe phenomom
	layer_6: he seesd that the distinction between himself and oters which to the badman is so great o goth only blon through a fleeting and ielusive phenomeno
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blonds through a fleeting and eolusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blond through a fleeting and ilusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a golth only blond through a fleeting and ellusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: he vrecon tisis imself his will in every beene and conscuently olsoe in the suffer
	layer_4: he reconnize is himself his will in every ben and consequently alsor in the suffer
	layer_6: he recognizes himself his will in every been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in everybeing and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in everybeeng and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in every beeing and consequently also in the suffer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but eloders the necessery an i neverdbol simtiv mof that nolge
	layer_4: buthe laders the necessary and inneveredble symptim of that knolge
	layer_6: but the latders the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knoledge
	layer_8: but the latteris the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the obsid of the stiin of conciencs the orgon and significintse of which as explaind above is he goodconciens the sue faction which  experences after every dis interesstedeed
	layer_4: the obsit of the stain of conscience the orge in and significante of which is explain above is the good conscionce the saesfaction which we experence after every disinterested deed
	layer_6: the opsit of the stean of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is he good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steen of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: tho good man lives ind world affriendly inviduals the well bein a vany of rom heragorsas is on
	layer_4: the good man lives an world af friendly inviduals the well bein avany of hrhom hergards as this owne
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly in viduals the well be in a vany of whom hergards as this own
	layer_8: the good man lives in world a friendly inividuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefor allow the nage of the lot of mentin generaly des not ma coulds disposition ad joyfone yet the prominen malge of is o natur n all livin bens give s hima cerne even ness and avensrendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore although the noge of the lot of man kind generally does not ma calds disposition adjoyfone yet the prminene moledge of is o nature in all liv in bens give omaertin evenness and aven surendy of dispisition
	layer_6: therefore although the knoudge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfone yet the permanent mowledge of his ow nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven curendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knoldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfl in yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven serenidy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t intresst which as extendidt i newerballd m infistations cannot caus suchingxity as that which his consutrated upon one
	layer_4: for the interestd which is extendeddt in newmrbold me infystations cannot cause suchinxiety as that which is consebtrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which is extended to i nuwmerbold m anfastations cannot caused such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to enumerabld manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: haxcidincs which concern indvituals clectivly equalis imselves wile those which happen to the perticular ind vijualaf consetoup god or bad forton
	layer_4: taxcidence which concern indviduals colectively equaies himselves while those which happend to the particular indvidual o constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: haccidente which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves wile those which happened to the particular individual constute good or badfortune
	layer_8: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: heaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: heaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus though other's have set of morol prencspals which thygaevoudis prisciptions forovertu and laws whichit was necessare folg i as hys alry been said cannot do is becaus i have no ot or lot rescivbe to the turneliy free will
	layer_4: thus though others have set up moral princepuls which they gave out is prisciptions fr vertu and laws which it was necessaryed follow i as has alry been said canno do this because i have kno out or lat erescribed to the turnally free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principles which they gave outd as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessarye do follow i as has al ray been said cannot do this because i have no ougt or lot rescibed to the eternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alreayd been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lauwt rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lagt rescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: fortho then this it cannot go for larges thi sno reason froperfurdin th indivijuody of moalher to its oun
	layer_4: forther than this it cannot go for ler gs this no reason for prferrdin  individualdy of mether to its on
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for there egs is no reason for prferrd in te individuality of nother to its own
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for there exis no reason for preferring in the individuality of another to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of another to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringig the individuality of another to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other intivituals whose whol hap nesser life is andan r may ot wayther gard for ones own perticular well beeng
	layer_4: yet the number of other intdividuals whose whole hapinesstor life is indanger may out wayther gard for ones own particular well beng
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happinessts or life is in danger may out way ther gard for one's own particular well beeng
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwathe r guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outwaighthe r guard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweighh reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: sotdid socorces angear domo bruno and so many hereof the tru suffere deth at the stake at the hand of the prece
	layer_4: so dide socjes and guar dono bruno and so many her of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_6: so died sokrcies and gerdano bruno and so many heroof the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so died socrates and girdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_10: so died socrates and girdono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so died socrates and girdono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: we pin is cordenly sympaty withar ownselves or semphfothe directed back on it source
	layer_4: wepin is ccordenly simpatly with eur on selves or sempthedrected back on it source
	layer_6: weeping is accordinatly sympathly with our onselves or sympthy adirected back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordinaly sympathy with our ownselves or symphaty directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor conditional upon the c past u for loven sit pathe and also hon amaginetion
	layer_4: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for lovan s it pathy and also ponoamagination
	layer_6: it is therefore conditional upon the cupascue for love and sypathy and also pon imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sypathy and also upon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the capascu for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we are move to tears nothrougar ownceuffering but through thaut o a mother this happens as follows
	layer_4: when we are moved to tears not through oure own suffering but through that of enother this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are move to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happenes as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eithe we viverly put ourselves in eplacon the suffer  by a magination or see ind his fate the lout of umandyas a whol an cons quently firsof all aur own lot an thuson avay roundvboaut way a is hat alwyes about erselve sot we wep simpathy with ourselveh which we fel this seems to be the princepoerieason of the universal and tus natural wepen in the cae of death
	layer_4: ithe we vivily put ouselves in the place f the suffer by a magination or see an his fate the loht of uwmandy as a whole and consquently firs of al our own lot and thus in avery round bout way it disyet always about orselvf that we weep sympathy with ourselvet which we feel this seems to be the princeipolrieason of the universal and thus natural weepin in the case of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humandy as a whole and consequently first ofv all oure own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the princibale reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the suffer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round about way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundaboute way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for so alle he serniaily weps for the fat of the dead bat he als weps win after long havy and incereble sufferin death ast to this man awhishfor de livereancs
	layer_4: for soall he cerdnienlly weaps for the fate of the dead but he els weeps win after long heavy and in curble sufferin death was to this man a wish for doliverance
	layer_6: for sowell he certainlly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_8: for sowall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps whin after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so wall he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the land thi spepll said before the mon had come in to h sky
	layer_4: they were in the land this speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land this speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and many of the magitions ofregjip to had come with kenesicostres stade e lot sidy ar veya and they topeople spellvs tat could stay the moinenr a goin ancoming in ar ris in ansutine
	layer_4: and many of the magitions of egyp wo had come with keene socaustress stayed id lhat city of vaa and they tatpople spells that could stay the moounena going and coming in arrisin and setting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen ucoustress stayed in that city o ea and they taught people spells that could stay the moonanr ae going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geen sasaustrus stayed in that city of aeya and they taought people spells that could stay the moona re going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geene sasaustrus stayed in that city of aa and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moon andr going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with geene sesaustrous stayed in that city of aea and they taught peoples spells that could stay the moon anar going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: mediae two his wis doter mnuo the sucret s topt by tos who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media too his wise daughtter newo the secrets taked by thoese who could sway the moon
	layer_6: media two his wise daughter knew the secrets topped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tapped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: metya too his wis daughter knew the secrets tauped by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: metya too his wises daughter knew the secrets tauped by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: for jaton was a gran sunn of crethious and cretious was thabrother of te thamis their grandfalter
	layer_4: for jasen was he gran son of crathius and crathious was the brother of a thamase their grandfalter
	layer_6: for jason was the grand son of cratheus and cratheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_8: for jason was the grandson of rethius and crethius was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of athamis their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of crethius and crethius was the brother of ethamis their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: rasen tooc plliuse and tlm on with him
	layer_4: jacen took pellious and tel emon with him
	layer_6: jason took pelious and teleim on with him
	layer_8: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pellias and telimon with him
	layer_12: jason took pelius and telimon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city amist fel and jacen andis coma wit the suns of frictsis whenct thru the city without been seen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacen and scomrads with the suns of fritces wint throughh the city without ben seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of fricis went through the city without been seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of friis went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phracis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phracis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mist lifted and before the shearads was the wondger of the pous in the brigkt lighte of the mornin
	layer_4: the miss lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the pause in the bright light of the mornin
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mists lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: on heut side of the cortyourdwre t a pouse billings en one keeny atisliv droith ab sertise his sun and in the othered chalse oaoppay and meadael lied t tor hand matens
	layer_4: on eucside of the courtyardt ware the palse buillins in one keenaetislive dth obsertice his sun and in the other chalsiopey and meadia live thter hand madens
	layer_6: on each side of the court yard ward the palse billings in one keinaatislived with absurticet his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived th their hand majens
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard were the palce buillings in one key naetslived with abserdus his son and in the other chaliope and media lived ith their hand maijons
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one keineeis lived with absertis his son and in the other chaliope and media lived with their hanmaidons
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one keineetst lived with absertus his son and in the other chalciope and media lived with thei handmaidons

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thu tord her it was been chased pyhok andd medy a saw th hokxies and bek
	layer_4: and then adove thoug tward her it was ben chase by hak and medy a saw the hoxiese and beak
	layer_6: and then adove thu toward her it was been chased by hawk and medtyasaw the hoxk eyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove threw toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metia saw the hack's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and mettya saw the hack's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and metea saw the hack's eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we pald away rom that place and therafter we were jdeiven by the wins bac to themouh of the fusses
	layer_4: we poled awayv from that place and theire after we were driven by the wins back o he mouth of the fasses
	layer_6: we puled away from that place an thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fassis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fasus
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasus
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasus

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with hem their came the mightest of the chers of griese
	layer_4: with him their came the migtest of the shas of greece
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sheos of greese
	layer_8: with him there came the mightest of the shaos of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the shiros of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the shiros of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: all ready he has herdt of tyour biterfos the sor mot ie
	layer_4: already he has heard of your bitter fose the sor moti
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterphos the saro moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter fhoes the sarmati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saramatai
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the saromata

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he  with is comrad so was subdo themfr yo
	layer_4: he with is comrads wulh sudo them for yu
	layer_6: he with his comrades would subde them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is hartwas filld with rath as yo wilooked upon them and his eis shownmes a luperd sies
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with erath as hou wloked upon them and his ey shownmas a lepperdsies
	layer_6: it is heart was filled with t wrath as yhe looked upon them and his eyes shown as a leperd's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and than speakento the n in acquitvis castensadr
	layer_4: and then speak into the keen in a quite voice jase an said
	layer_6: and then speak into the keen in a quiete voice jaseond said
	layer_8: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his hart was divided as wealer he should sommin his armd men and hae them slain upon he spok or whaether he shoul putd ha men to gangeraby the thrile he would make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as tohether he should somemind his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put the mean to gangeaby the trile he wuld make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon  his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them in to ganger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon  his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that ye yartu the of the cede of thug mortls
	layer_4: it may be that yuare tuly of the cad of thou mortels
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sead of the mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and it may be  that i shal giveyou the colmslese to berway aftrive ma tril you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gom sles to bereway after i ve made trilv you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gulmpleace to bear way after i have made trialof you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the gompeese to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gomfleese to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gomleece to bear away after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: shanterd softly end she stood aa fron wore falther and tefore wo wer speeaking withom
	layer_4: she antered softly and she stood away from here father and the fore who were speaking withim
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from where father and the for who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had ad dark fa sose med vay stanede by her crown of colm heir
	layer_4: she had adark fac sos med vay strange by her crownof goln hair
	layer_6: she had a darkface tos mad vary strange by her crown of goln hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of gold hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of gold hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of gold hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no thoat on the plain iver syoder i have two fi breaing bls with feeto bress
	layer_4: no that on the plain af veris yonder i have two fir briang buls with feeto brass
	layer_6: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire briging bulls with feet opress
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire brigin bulls with feet opress
	layer_10: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breaging bulls with feet oppress
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire breaging bulls with feet oppress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i soed the firls not with to seeed that dimeter gis but with teeath of a dragon
	layer_4: then i soed the firs not with te seed that dimeter gives but with teeth of a dragan
	layer_6: then i sow the furrs not with teseed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeetor gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeator gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeatour gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you con comblishiones that i a complisht in das gon by i shall su mitto and giveiyewth gomflycs
	layer_4: if you cancomplish anis that i accomplished in days gon by i shall suvbmitt you and give you the golne flese
	layer_6: if you can complish a this that i accomplished in days gon by i shall submit you and give you the golnfleece
	layer_8: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goldn fleece
	layer_10: if you can ccomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the gold fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the gold fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: butiyf fyou cannout to complish what i onc s ucompishe you shall go for mit sity anm ty haded for is not right thata brave man should yieuld oup to one nwho cannot show himsel a's brave
	layer_4: but if you cannouto complish what i once acomplished you shall go fror mysity amptyhanded fort is not right that brave man hould yeld opt to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannot accomplish what i onte accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not wriht that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go fom my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield oght to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield ought to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jason utterly confounded cass his eys uponhyground
	layer_4: then jasen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon teground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i will dare this contest montsrecat is thegais
	layer_4: i will dared this contest monhs recatis the gas
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monhstrosadasthe gayze
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monstrousadas e dayze
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrous adia daz
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrous adaza daze

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he saend this he sad iyes if media gro wid as with fear
	layer_4: as he said this he saw th eyes of media grow wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he said this he saw the eyes o media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: romtismels went to wherd er mother waes
	layer_4: romticeand melse went to were tnar mother was
	layer_6: proptus and mels went to were their mother was
	layer_8: promptis and mels went o where their mother was
	layer_10: promptus and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promtus and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what cennide sof smallan stipit in shiis i am
	layer_4: but what cann i do so smallan stupit in shi as i m
	layer_6: but what can i do so small an steepid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupi and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must find some wayd to giv h a littlons an tace crismess
	layer_4: i must find some way to give the littleones an nyce christmas
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's a nice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tome ol like to have re go it him en saing while he places hearpin the streets
	layer_4: tome oalike to have re go wath him en sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_6: toma wll like to have re go ith him and sing whilel he places harp in the streets
	layer_8: tomma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_12: toma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: yes i will cthri and then if i do well the little on tha havet a meary crismenss
	layer_4: yes i will try and then if i do well the little onecshail have a mary christmes
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but seed anit is cold in the streigts the win bights on the sno frases onstingers
	layer_4: lut seitaned is colld in the streets the win bits in the snow frases one stingers
	layer_6: but sea van et is cold in the streets the wind bits in the snow prazes ones fingers
	layer_8: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrazes one's fingers
	layer_10: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers
	layer_12: but see van it is cold in the streets the wind bites in the snow phrases one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she then't toll mow and ran awayd to gat rady for she vout sr h o falther would not in ese her anytheng
	layer_4: she thank tel a and ran awai to get ready for she feult ser her father would not irese her anything
	layer_6: she thank tema and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not rpuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not fuse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked tuma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then she wsed out littlerunsas frock in put it a dry becusshe would note awld s doithe extay
	layer_4: then she washed out little runcses frock and put it daddry because he woud not bhe obldst do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runsas frock and put it to dry because she would not be abld to do at the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little ransa's frock and put it o dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ransza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to makde the bed s end drest the childrn ovfernight she wasan sucho herye do have all inorder but as et could not pe she sat down agen and chide o or all the son she nu
	layer_4: she longe to make the beds and dresst the children ofver night she was in such a hurrye to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down agan an chite over all the son she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children ofver night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and thride over all the saenc she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children o her night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the soens she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she had toled her plan peter buary shol ishad and gudewold never do but teso bake so hared he con sen to dthat las that she should chrit for wat aweak an senter to bet the happ as little growran neyork
	layer_4: when she a told her plan peter ben ary shook his head and thught o wuld never do buttesso beg so hard he consented at lasst that she should thriet for wone aweek and senter to bet the happy as little graw an the york
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter bunary shook his head and thought i would never do bottesso bege so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and centere to bed the happy eas little grol in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter bennar shook his head and thought it would never do botessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in the york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter bernardy shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bid the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernardy shook his head and thought it would never do bottessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bid the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: as sin is her father was gone tosiflo about im put every thing in miyce order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were to mind tome was mother who woud see a buthe fir and the ditter for the god weoman leved esa ind inturdin to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_4: as son as her father was gone tosifflew about im put every thing in mice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tome was mother who ould see bout the fire aind the ditner for the good women levet es and intured int to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone teste flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum was mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman levet essa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum was mother who would see about the fire in the dinner for the good woman leved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tum a's mother who would see about the fire an the dinner for the good woman levetd tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tume's mother who would see about the fire ind the dinner for the good woman levetd tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: portes is hert bet fastas she truged doay with tomo who slungius hearp over his shoulder and gaveherus hand
	layer_4: por tesis heart beet fastd as she truaged daway with tomob who slungi as hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beet fast as she truadged away with tomo who slung es hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: portess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: por tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather a durty han but so kime that tesecon toit and kevp lioking up at the friend ly brounface ferne cragemant
	layer_4: it was rather adirty hand but so kind that te saccong to it and kip looking up at the friendly bround face for in porgement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessta clung to it and kipt looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fher give them bel emonica that is maryi an willmake the laugh waspretumem tonig his hap
	layer_4: see now have no fere give them bellamonica that is mari and will make the laugh watsperetomea tuning is hark
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh wispertoma tuning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them bellamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered toma turning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them bela monica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them bela monica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo turning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: on fat led frenchepeen naownted to her ind it seemed to helper very much for she began to sing befor she hout and that was the heard is part of it
	layer_4: on he fattled frenched mean not ted to her ind it seemed to help er very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hard is part of it
	layer_6: one hi fattld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the heard as part of it
	layer_8: one fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_10: one fat ld frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: one fat led frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombo shac is cuarly had an amswerd soperly ye en si took oie there firsetd for the love usic and ar agh ar chountry but hup e mong wecreate houses we shall not always do wel
	layer_4: but tumblshook is curly had an answered soberly he as i took yoe theire first for theyr love music and our of ur country but up a mong te great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_6: but tomboshok his curle had an answered soperly e es i took yeu the re first for thei love music and ar of our country but up among th great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curley head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for the love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombow shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tombow shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: but se had made half adaller for tomare ovit ed the mony farly ind she fought rich wither shar
	layer_4: but she had made half adollr for tummer devit ed the money fairely and she felht rich with her shaire
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tommer divided the money fairly and she felht rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for thommar divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tommor divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomor divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hans were covered with childglains for she had no mintns but she had put them munder her shall and shuffuld merilyt awayin her big boots villing so glad thef the weq was over and nearly thredallars afe and her pocket
	layer_4: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no mittoins but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad the t a wekuwas over and nearly three dollars afe in her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe ind her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chillglains fore she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chilllains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chilllains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow ga the strets wor that day
	layer_4: how gae the strets where that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gav the streets were that day
	layer_10: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_12: how gave the streets were that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how bressciveryon wies and how braghte the faces loct is people traded about with bik baskets holly riaths an young ever greains goint o blosso entdisplended phrismisthres
	layer_4: how brisgevery one was and how bright the faces luokt as people traded about with big baskets holy reths and young ever greens gointo blossom antosplended christmistres
	layer_6: how bris givery one was and how bright the faces looke as people trodted about with big baskets holly reths and young ever greens going to blossom into splendid christmas tres
	layer_8: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly weaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk everyone was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i cant so wl filf the soxsalf full and be happiy saidttessa as she lokedwis fulli into the gastors and sa the heavy baskets co by
	layer_4: but i can't so ia fill the sx al full and behappy sidtessa as she loked whisfulliinto the gastores and saw the heavy vasketsco by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the socko full and behappy sotessa as she looked whistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks ol full and be happy scetessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy citessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy citessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who nows whot me happenif wi you well erst urnetomma nonding wisly for he had plan thass well as tessa and ket chuckling over d as e truraged tu the mid
	layer_4: who knows what me happen if wetd you wellberturne tommo noning wisely for he had plan this well as tesa and kept chuckling over it as he thurge though the mid
	layer_6: who knows what my happen if wuld you well returnd tommo noding wisely for he had pland thas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he chuged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wed you well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planed as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he chudged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tomo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he churged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whil chi ene more street in t han go home thour at so tigred little one
	layer_4: whel try one more street an then go home there ts so tigred little one
	layer_6: well try one more street and then go home there wat's so tired little one
	layer_8: well try one more street and then go home ther ot so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home theur out so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home the out so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth some pepe at them sang alther sons an gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing alther songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people et them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tess if felpt so great full that without wading for tomo she saingher sweet ad slittle song allolon
	layer_4: teste felt so greatful that without waiting for tommo she sanger sweeta slittle song all alone
	layer_6: testta felt so grateful that without waiting for toro she sang her sweet a s little song all alone
	layer_8: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomro she sang her sweetes little song all alone
	layer_10: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: tessta felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: alast moma said rose and away she wentonto the dining o im clostby
	layer_4: alaske mamas said rose and away she went into the dinting rom close by
	layer_6: i last mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll ast mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the doropent tessesou at looke to herlike afairyfest all solver mogsan flowry plats an orngos an nus and rosy wine an talglas pitcurs and smoking disias thops not so delisiously she could not re stran a little sniffof satesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tesesow it looke to herlike a fairy theast al silver mugs and flowery plats an ornges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitcers and smoking dicius thats nult so deliiously she could not restrain a little sniff of sat isfection
	layer_6: as the door opened tessa saw woult looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tessa saw wat looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plaites and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: alya si shaol come with much cgladness and play as never ind my life po for  crid tommea with e florsh of the old cap that mad the children laugh
	layer_4: ahyes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life beforecried tommo with a floorsh of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a floorish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tomo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yive these to your brother said the faery prencestuffing nots an orngesento tessass hans
	layer_4: ive these to your brother said the fairy prance stuffing nuts an ornges an to teses hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince tuffing nuts and oranges and to tess as hamds
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and orages into tesstas hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: als so kinmed so very cind i have noway to say thantyou but runs a shall be for you a havenly angal and i wilas sing my heard oupt for your treet crichesa fulding themitens es if she ouald say r par of theinkfolnness if she knyou how
	layer_4: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runs a shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my hard out for your tree cried chreta folding the mitteonses if she would say a prair of think fulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heard out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tresa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got uppurly to see of thoe soks were alr ight and there she foun the most histonishing saight
	layer_4: she got uperoly to see of the sax were alright and there she found the most istonashing sight
	layer_6: she got uperarly to see if the sok were all right and there she found the most estonishing sight
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: for soxnsait ovf three and by the forth pin doubt quite elgetly was a woittle dress evenant wy ment for her a wore wollandress all main and acualle with bright butins on it
	layer_4: for soxinsaid of three and by the forth pind oubt quite elegantly was a little dress evenently ment for her o warm wollendress all maide an actually with bright butons on it
	layer_6: four sox instad of three and by the fourth pined out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollendress all maide and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scramedad danst in her deight and of tombee al the chiuldrinto scram en dance with her making horegular coarn of onet smallskil
	layer_4: tesa screamed adanced in her delight and uf tumble all the childrento scram and dance with her making aregular calrn of ona small scale
	layer_6: tess a screamed andanced in her delight and uptumble all the children to scream an dance with her making a regular carnivlon small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivl on a small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in her wong stoking she found al soerds of tressiures for tome aow had stuftit full of crieathings ain his mother had matinjrbet in i every amagenamll shape from that pigs to fel umdnevesses
	layer_4: in her long stocking she found all sorts of tresures for tomo had stuftet full of qura things in his mother had mat ingerbed in to every  maginable shape from that pigs to full omnivusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of quaer things ind his mother had mateinger bed into every imaginable shape from tat pigs to full om no usses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made tinger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnivuses
	layer_10: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnivuses
	layer_12: in her long stockings she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnivuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: lit l romsowas excepta with delight by the ind lady an her children and te solrin the song quitieasily
	layer_4: little ransa was eccepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesalern the song quiteasily
	layer_6: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesilern the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ransa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tese learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: ares from the crout of choldren gatherd to the festifl
	layer_4: ares from the crowd of children gather to the festivl
	layer_6: arese from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor therg went home the kind mo mi tol tessis se should be her friend and gave her motherly kass whach orm the chous heart and sem to setipseiel upon that promis
	layer_4: before they went home the kind ma ma tol tesish e should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warm the chws heart and semed to set etcal upon that promis
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mama told tessish he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmd the child's heart and seemed to set a ceal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessus he should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessesh she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set aseal upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessesh she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the seneder took as seed in the pulpit with the minustrown one side of him and the superintanded of the sundacechol on the other
	layer_4: the cenator took his sed in the pulpit with the minastran one side of him and the superintended of the sunda school on the other
	layer_6: the cenator took his seet in the pulpit with the minastron one side of him and the superintended of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with he ministerone one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with he minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so ad war they by the presen s of aliving yunited state sendeter that during threemituts notispit ballwas thron
	layer_4: so adwere they by the presence of a living yunited state senator that djuring threeminutes not a spit ballwas thron
	layer_6: so oddware they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_8: so oddwere they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_12: so odd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that they began to comp to themselved by tdogrees and presently the spoll as hodlygon and they were r sihting verses and polniy hir
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gone and they were reciting verses and pouliyg hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gone and they were recidting verses and poly hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the sual sun dayscal exercises were hurried throroo and then the minastirgot up and bord the house with the speech bilt on the cust rmariy sun theay scol plaan then the superein tendet put in his or a then the tome dingitaries had theirsay
	layer_4: the usual sunday schal exercises were hurried throug and then the ministirgot up and board the house with ha speech bilt on the custimary sunday schol plaan then the superin tendent put in his or d then the town ding itaries had their sa
	layer_6: the usual sunday schol exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with the speech built on the custumary sunday scool plan then the superintendant put in his oar d then the towm dignitaries had ther say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customarys sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the towm dignitaries had there say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his or then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his or then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and iam some populuss senter of my own contry were the choicus chioldrn of the lant have been selected and brougt ogether as at a faire for apprise now
	layer_4: and i am some populous center of my own country where the choices children of the landt ave been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choices children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_8: am i am some populouse centr of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i im some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than werea m yes weralli
	layer_4: then whereami yes weram i
	layer_6: then wheream i yes where am i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my so ais lost ind wonder at the thought
	layer_4: my sol is lost an wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: arthas now higre no grander position for mye
	layer_4: rth has no highere no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than wat is it what did my conscius niss reply
	layer_4: than what is it what did my consciousnessreply
	layer_6: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: oa think of that nil i could hardly kep the tear's back i was sograteful
	layer_4: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so greatful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they coon not give him ae cosly adgucation but they were goud and wies and they sent im to the sundiscor he love the sonneyscor
	layer_4: they could not give him a cosly edducation but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunda sco he love thesonney schol
	layer_6: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday schoo he loved theson day school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your sonedayschol i see b y your faces that you do that is raight
	layer_4: i hope you love your sunday school i seive y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ay see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ai see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: ilways lov yurteachueres my childrn for theyt leve y u more tha you con now now
	layer_4: always love your teachers my childrn for they love you more tha now can now now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can now now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: ialways love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and by an by the people made him govener and he sad it was all owing to the sundayschol
	layer_4: and byand by the people made him governeor and he seid it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: whiy the peoplegaive hin a towering alustrius position a grand imposing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him atowering alestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave him ma towering illestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sendader of the anited states
	layer_4: it was sendetor of the nited states
	layer_6: it was sendator of the eunited states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: tha por luit a boy that leved his an dhey squall became that man that man stans befor you
	layer_4: that por littlae boy that loved his senday sqhool became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: abov al things my shildren be honest
	layer_4: above aul things my children be honest
	layer_6: above all things my children be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whoen sunedr doar they dopirted from cattle vil he leftd the reed esan boise behind im arrangi an cimphane of life whohise object of point was eenited stape senit
	layer_4: when suneed or dower thy depirted from cattlevill he left th reedoesan boys behind him aranginan cam pain of life whose ubjective point was eenited stape sen it
	layer_6: whone senator dl wrthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arrangin a campain of life whose objective point was the united stape senit
	layer_8: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose ubjective point was the united state senate
	layer_10: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate
	layer_12: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united state senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never mind poly sugch asper there's al next sumemer and aghtar wen tur in dresdin ind allur heard work over music one hav be fin tho s a joun't round dagain and is eyes lisend
	layer_4: never mind polly sug jasper there's a nex summer and afteoura win turan dressdon and allar hard work over music one af be fine thos a joun't round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said jasper there's all nexkt summer and after ur winter an dressdin and all our hard work ofer music one hove be fine those a jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter an dressdin and all our hard work over music one ol be fine those ho jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresdon and all our hard work over music one to be fine those who junt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresdon and all our hard work over music one to be fine those who junt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yoll go on jing and painting tilo you get to be agreat artestryn on polli an thisiastialy and then wll se something youvfe dn in the lovfe mayby the love critte daila o dear me paly pepper
	layer_4: and yol go on jowing and painting till you get to be a great artestran on pollyandthisiasticaly and then will see something yo've done in the love may be the love crido deala o dear me polye pepper
	layer_6: and you'll go on djawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then will see something you've done in the loovfe maybe the luve crid edela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rihn on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the love cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist rain on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adela oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tome sel when had een very sov erduring oll this mariy chatter and now in his seete accross the nara ile he drimed his hels anpatient ly on the flor
	layer_4: tome sel whone had been very sov ereduring aldthis marry chadter and now in his seat a crossed the narow ysle he dramed his helsint patiently on the floor
	layer_6: tom sellone had been very sovereduring all this marriyd chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drumed his hels inpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom selwon had been very sover during all this marriyed chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what suplittle mother ask tom insupries at herne usual manner it sis this tob
	layer_4: what's up little mother aske tome in surpris at her n usual manner it sis this tomb
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it' sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner itsis this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner itsiss this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner itsiss this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newswas cerculatet as it was prety sun that the partyt was not to be brokon intwo at all to paris was icompletdet story thet duvlationl was suchiust to satisfi even tome
	layer_4: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be brok en into it all til paris was ti compleded story the jubilation was suc as to satisfi even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into it all till paris was the completed story the gubelation was such es to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: io isn it oats puse beans and barly gro cri polly as they watched the men tentily
	layer_4: o isontit oats pesebeans and barly gro cried poly as they watched themointently
	layer_6: o is't it oat's pesbeaans and barle grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates pasbeaans an barleygro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oats peasbeans and barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oats peasbans and barleygrow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and is long oarm whoneoud and pick to jack andendof an ercon whot incosiously regarding such quiet travelers as not werth minding had hover tonnyearo al trind to tese the girls
	layer_4: and is long arm whone out and pickd to jack adend of an erchin who incauciously regarding such quiet travelers tis not worth minding had hover two near wil tryine to teas the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and picked o jac adend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers this not worth minding had hover too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack en end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jacketn end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presntly a women cameen sook littleblup en a for off and then the resst eof the girls u clasepd their hans an the ring melts d away in the game wasover
	layer_4: and presently a woman came and sook little bloup in a for off and then the rest of the girls utden clasted their hands and the ring meltd away in the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blu pin affour off and then the rest of the girls utdenclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took a little blue pinna fouroff and then the rest of the girls uenclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took a little bluepen affour off and then the rest of the girls udn clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took a little bluepen afour off and then the rest of the girls udn clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: i'n glid the girls over her have fun sad polly as grampapione his prarty movedoff is in itnice to thing thido
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fun sad polly as grampapon his paty moved offh is n't t nice to thing they do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over heare half fun said polly as granpup in his party moved off isn't t nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: two were hredays of resst at mart ne put ve ryone in food shape and give them ll abut af time to pick up on many little things that werd behindhand
	layer_4: twoar threedays of reastd at martn put everyone in good shape and gave them allwbut of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martn put everyone in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martiny put everyone in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my third letter poly anountcs jasper ond the other sit of he table nown going to begin unjols
	layer_4: that's my thired letter polly andnounces jasper on the other side of the table now an going to began unjols
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly andnounce jasper on the other side of the table now am going to begin on joals
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jols
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on jolls
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one two said pole caunning why re thought id writen' three whalet this wan his most finishe desper
	layer_4: one too said poly counning whey ar thought id writtend three whel this on his must finish desper
	layer_6: one to said polycounning why a thought i'd written three whele this one is must finish desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finish desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finish desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finish desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar said toum to lide tot thikt that no terrabowrdsult had rillyandsid from his wordcs that after they werout had scare him mightily
	layer_4: dare said tome delide to think that no terribewardsalt had really ancid from his words that after they were out had scared him mihtily
	layer_6: dare said tome delightded to think that no terrible wrdsalt had really anseued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightaly
	layer_8: deare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i' pouset er too pole give ten her
	layer_4: i'l post oor too polly give then here
	layer_6: i'll post youor's too polly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post your too polly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post your too polly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then his tacebrightened and he said and shesd right polly whal poly fishdto friang out of jhols little money bag that houng in her belt
	layer_4: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while poly fishedto frank out of jels little money baggd that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jols little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of juwl's little money baged that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of joll's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jell's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: do get the stams please esperinput the mone and he took ou pher two letters and she gave the baggalitle pat for jal sake whishing at was his stoe black haire that terfingers coltouch
	layer_4: do get the stamped please jasper in put the mon and he took up her two letters and she gave the bagga little pat for jol sake wishing it was his stuby black hare that her fingers cul touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewlsake wishing it was his stubby black haire that her fingers coud touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewll's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jewel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i do' now er we ar goin to genk iswte paper forround robend said polly laning her lbas on the tabl ind her cin in her hans i no ajaculyte tome worling oun his hieel and dashing olt
	layer_4: i don'tnow were we ar going to gint icewate paper for o round roband said polly leaning her elbos on the table and her chind in her hands i know ajaculyted tome worling on his heal and dashing out
	layer_6: i don't know where we are going to get nice wit paper for around robin said polly leaning her elbluss on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom wirling on his hel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nicewit paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbles on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice wight paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice wight paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i what polly too sid fronsy rigling atway from the end that polly howd oat aloaringly
	layer_4: i wan't polly too sid fronsiy riggling atway from the pend that polly howd out aluaringly
	layer_6: i want polly too said pronziy riggling iway from the pen that polly how out alluringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly hewed out alluringly
	layer_10: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly too said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haddend herd wrt polly sad her small had being full of the rsfonsibility of beginning they importn letter and couldsidering sin sait was to be dun it was bes to have it over withis sin is posble hellt oscriblingthaletters as fasis she cld af em wronning down hil
	layer_4: fromsy who hadde't heard what polly said her small had being full of the responsibility of beginning the importan letter and couln sidering since it was to be done it was bless to have it over with as soon as possible feltiscribling he letters tis fasas she could al  them running down hill
	layer_6: promsi who hadn't heard what polly said her small had being full of the responsibility of beginning the importat letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all them running down hill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could allo them running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'soulright gran athial i oit e said
	layer_4: it's olrighte gran atial like coet he said
	layer_6: it's al right grind ail likee he said
	layer_8: it's all right gried dadiel like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right grein dadiel like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right grein dadie l like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i tell eyou you do't know my grandaty he' s cat lts o fon in him he atdi
	layer_4: i tell yu you don't know my grandady hes caut lot to fun en him he ad etd
	layer_6: i tell ye you don't know my grandaddy he's caugt lot to fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gaought lot to fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gout lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's got lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i wi't criht any more to clard fronsy wayephing off the las ere trailing down her nows
	layer_4: i won't crit any more to clared frondsy wiping off the last ther trailing down her knowse
	layer_6: i won't cry any more declard fronzy wiping off the last ter trailing down her nose
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared pronsie wiping off the last tiear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissing a wat little face
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissing the wet little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must puanin whan la pictures taid poley trind o makeherself ciery as the wrkq uond vusonlion
	layer_4: we must pwout in wettle pictures thatd poly tryind to make erself cery as the work wine busilion
	layer_6: we must put in what'll picture said polly tryig to make hourself cheerie as the work wene busilyon
	layer_8: we must put in lhattle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work wone busily on
	layer_10: we must put in whattle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work wont busily on
	layer_12: we must put in whatle pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work wont busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: plle you always dou think of the best things ucxclame jasper beaming ad her which madtter triy hearder than ever to smile
	layer_4: polly you always do think of the best things ucclame jasper beming at her which made er try harder than ever to smile
	layer_6: polly you always do think of the best things exclaime jasper beaming at her which made a try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i woulnt feills o atly polly he manigh to asperone fronsy was obsor wirt therwork ill i ud prolbwe just isfothe did the g ince red boy
	layer_4: i would't feel sobadly polly he mansed to a spuron frondsi was obsord with er work hill lit could prolbly just is father did thetginch red boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to a sper whene fronzy was absorved with er work hell ligke ould probly just as father did the ginch redboy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whispur when pronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like it probably just as father did the cinchr red boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincher bred boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gincher bred boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seem sto  complish somethin every tim egose ob serve jaspere drily lo jusloocan i now
	layer_4: he seemedsto accomplsh something every tim e gos observe jasper drily allo justliok an him now
	layer_6: he seemd to accomplishe something everytime he goes observed jasper dryly allo just looket him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o't dyeare me excqlaime to dala as her sysa slipt naw yove jok o the taple again then she co pollyes i
	layer_4: o dear me exclaimed to dala as her cisher slippt nowt yo've jok of the table again then she cut pollys i
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed dedala as her cisr slipped now you've jogo the table again then she cauht poly's eie
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed edela as her scissor slipped now you've jogle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jolgled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've jolgled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much a bligtgeed tome bopedis things
	layer_4: rather not much oblichd tom bob his thinks
	layer_6: rather not much obli tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tum bobbed his thanks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: pictureafter picture cut fr ral rod gid books illstrated papers and it seeme to jespergathered is if by magic with cunning little foutagras brok up the letter and wound d ind e nowt with funy in trming de tal of some of their jurny
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from rail rod guid books illustrated papers and it seemed to jaspergathered is if by magic with cunning little fhot agraphs broke up the letter and wouand din an ot with funny and charming detile of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from rail road guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs brok up the letter and wolund in and out with funny and charming detaile of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it is nice wasprjesperd and aventeoul dto say that hell likethat the best of all
	layer_4: the restof it is nice wisper jaspern and eventured to say that helle like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest ofe it is nice whispere jesper and a ventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and a venture to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jaspern and i venture to say that hell like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jaspern and i venture to say that hell like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thought so t ny bemed it fronsy so you did he cried nothat's fioni was shu grit nel etter some tid
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed it fronszy so you did he cried no that's fine i wsh you'd rit neea letter sometie
	layer_6: mister king thought so too anhe beamed at fronzy so you did he cried now that's fine i wash you'd write neea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too an he beamed it pronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write ne a letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write mee a letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed it phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nee a letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' a had a sak ood bidhyou knwly tol dorthe ad nen n exmorning
	layer_4: i don' no had a say ould bid hyou nelle told dorthy an an and ex morning
	layer_6: i don't know hadto say good bid you nell e told dorothy and en ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good bye to you nelly told dorothy and ann ext morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy and ane next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you nellie told dorothy and anne ext morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: althat wol be spelended declardinan
	layer_4: oh that will be splended declaredinan
	layer_6: oh that will be sflended declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: you'r quit riche now rr you remantorty
	layer_4: you are quite ridch now ar you remantortthy
	layer_6: you are quite rich know ar you remantwoarothy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now art you remoaned torothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich in ow art you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich in ow art you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorhiy whent upen da wnd the room wlhite the picturs of sinderelas prowdsisturs
	layer_4: and dorthy went up en daywn the room whike the pitchres of sinderellas proud sisters
	layer_6: and dorothy went up and dawon the room like the pitchers of sindarella's proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pichers of cynderella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: i we ild te on hand tankyu wia plied the jopkin dorty
	layer_4: and we will be inhand thank you wul plied the joking dory
	layer_6: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come newly calle missi e glocklin i ready wheres your hat
	layer_4: come newly clled missus le glocklin iam ready wheres your hat
	layer_6: come nellie called missus l glocklan i am ready wher's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus  glacklan i 'm ready were's your hat
	layer_10: come nelly called missus glawkland i'm ready wher's your hat
	layer_12: come nelly called missus glawkland i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we miht be  ill to maniged that towo narly toled him
	layer_4: we might beble tominage that too nally told him
	layer_6: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelly told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: my auncls afiremen and he contake a sthrug tih hisengiin hoeuse
	layer_4: my uncle is a firemen and he contake o thrugth his engien house
	layer_6: my uncle is a firemen and he can take u through h his encion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can takeuth through his engiine house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can taketh through his engine house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can taketh through his engine house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: molst of the my gas instwerd brt
	layer_4: most of the y gas insered birt
	layer_6: most of them y gues answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guesst answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them i guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: well we have hat a good the cation and i mwilling to go towark gain
	layer_4: well we have had a good be cation and im willing to go towork gain
	layer_6: well we have had a good vcation and i'm willing to go to work again
	layer_8: well we have had a good vacation and iam willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i 'm willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and iam willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so  mi declared nan becation was just long an a fite think
	layer_4: so a my declared nan becatin was just long in au fight think
	layer_6: so a my declared nan becation was just long in af fight think
	layer_8: so am i declared nan becation was jest long en at f ight think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan bikation was jes long enoag iht think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan bikation was jest long enou ight think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: misster bobse was down from the city of cours to take the fean ly home and now all hance even freaty in plossy were busy pracinup
	layer_4: mister bobsee was down from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hands even fready anplosy were busy pracking up
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and plossie were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fretdy and plossy were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: theryewe the shells towelookedafter the fishinets besides downy the duck andsnet the cat
	layer_4: there were the shells to we looked acter the fishnats besides downiy the duck and snith the cat
	layer_6: there were the shelles to we looked after the fish nets besides downey the duck and snook the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snooked the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snoted the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets beside downy the duck and snooked the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so r little friens had spuent all their recation
	layer_4: and so ar little friends had spent all their rication
	layer_6: and so or little friends had spent all their vication
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: calftimbul the cmander of he sman garason at sayborook permitevd him to land but when the goveren a be gan to rede his commistion bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: caftain boul the comader of a smalgaresson at sabrook permitted him to lan but when the governe began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bo the commander of a small garison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the govern o began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bult the commander of the small garison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bult the commander of the small garrison at seybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bult the commander of the small garrison at seybruk permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: what as happind mister prinse wats werth anse fore he thood  cee thut the man lwas greatlyexcitred goven er enderow s as com again gas mster prince why should that allar mus the fellow thoughl givin to bosting is not deangrus ora liable to putes sthrats int exacetion but he is growndrd injeruss tolared mister prince the lierties of the collony ar n vald
	layer_4: what is happene mister prince was werth asked for he couldsee that the man was greatly xcited govern r androws has come again guese mister prince why should that a larmus the fellow though givinto bosting is not dengros or a liable to putis threts into execetion but he is grown den jeres declared mister prince the liberdies of the collonyear invaled
	layer_6: what his happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could  see that the man was greatly excited givernor andros has come again guespedd mister prince why should that alarmus the fellow thoug given to boasting is not dangrous or aliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dan deruss declared mister prince the liberties of the colonir invaled
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again guessped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or alliable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the coloner involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony areinvolved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he is grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: captain watds wrf became a little onensy though he was stil inclind tod treet the matter lightely
	layer_4: aptain wads werth became a little anesy though he was still enclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we havd stuverin leeh fhuse to el lar cuartervallntarly ford is the garty novher politicle brighes
	layer_4: we had stuberinly re fused too yieald our charteor vollenterily forit is the guardy anover politticale brights
	layer_6: we had stubrnly refused to yield our charteor voluntarely for it is the guardyan of our political brights
	layer_8: we hade subbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brights
	layer_10: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_12: we hade stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is trur capen wads werefh conteneed nmisterprincs and to sudeare stovermess thi s visroy has come to heart ferd wid six ty and wen to dhe mand the surrender of the charter and person
	layer_4: that is tre capken wadsworth contineed mister prince and to subdew ore stoerness this visroy has come to heart frd with sixty arnd men to deman the surender of the charder in person
	layer_6: that is true capain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubernness this visteroy has come to heart ford with sixty armntd men to demand the currender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true capin wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viseroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charder in person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain waddsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this visteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: captan waswer founded to as sfee in a rage and placing has hand on the hlf of his sor declared he sho lot howic
	layer_4: captain waswert founded to isfeet in a rage and placing has hand on the hilt of his swor decleared he shall not habit
	layer_6: captain waswer founded to hisfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain wazword founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the daye was wel my s fend when he a rivdes and the memberes wereng deeved in he heated to bat on a suject of the ontmostin ortens
	layer_4: the day was well nyefent when he arrives and the members were ing deeaved in a heated to bat hon a subject of the auntmlost importans
	layer_6: the day was well nihce fen when he arrived and the members were iengdeevhed in a heated dobate on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well nice spent when he arrived and the members were indeeted in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were endeeved in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted however to a waite the the scussion bhut tha sooes thit was ended he tde clared tha he would howe the charter
	layer_4: he concented however to awaite te descussion whet thes soon as thit was ended he declare that he would howe the churter
	layer_6: he consented however to await the discussion whet ta soon a it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_8: he consented however to await the discussion wbe as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the chartor
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that captain had taken tooer hre turnce af cross the room he pose n tased
	layer_4: after that captain had taken two er three turnce a cross the room he pausd en tased
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or threeturnts across the room he paused and ased
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turs across the room he paused and asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: what is the a somelyd doint andgagedon the bhat
	layer_4: what is the asemly doin and gaged in de bat
	layer_6: what is the assembly doing engaged an debate
	layer_8: what is the assembly doing engaged an debate
	layer_10: what is the assembly doing engaged in debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and wil he waide entillit hesended he as prommis to de so
	layer_4: and wilt he wait until it isended he has promisd to dow so
	layer_6: and will he waigt until itdeended he as promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fwixtes an nas eyes on the caten'sface and readthe r dusperete to termination captain hetegan
	layer_4: mister prine fixtes a nased eyes on the captain's face and readthe are desperte tetermination captin heetygan
	layer_6: mister prine fixtes amazed eyes on the captain's face and read thei are desperate determination captain he degan
	layer_8: mister prince fixedhis amazed eyes on the captain's face and read thei re desperate determination captain he began
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read their desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mister prince boud and hae slu returene to the hoauseswhr the sumbly as in cussion
	layer_4: mister prince boud and ha slew returne to the house swere the ssembly wasan cession
	layer_6: mister prins bowed and hatlew returned to the house s where theassembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prinece bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_10: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: ats soonethehas gon call stevan said
	layer_4: ats soonashe as gone charl stevan said
	layer_6: as soon as he was gone charle stev an said
	layer_8: as soon as he was gone charles stehen said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes trelseol answer wut t ne n ucle
	layer_4: yes tals whe wil answer wut theo nean uncle
	layer_6: yes chaales whe will answer wat oyou need uncle
	layer_8: yes charles h will answer what doyou neen uncle
	layer_10: yes charles he will answer what do you nean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles he will answer what do you nean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: nevwerded te baters teke grater intresstint e mne subject
	layer_4: nevere ded te baters akt greter interesst in a min a subjrect
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater intrust in a minor subject
	layer_8: never did the baders take greater interest in a miner subject
	layer_10: never did the baters take greater interest in a minoer subject
	layer_12: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what te v enten dying uncle wil you frigt them
	layer_4: what to you entend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_6: what do ou inten doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: wember the worfh wes be tn h right at te time mot ty seon nor to lre
	layer_4: wember the worth wes be ten the right at the time motto soon nor to rak
	layer_6: wember the worth west be don the right at the time motto soon nor to ra
	layer_8: member the worth must be done right at the time not too soon nor to read
	layer_10: remember the work must be done riht at the time not too soon nor to rea
	layer_12: remember the work must be done wriht at the time not too soon nor to read

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sonwas sedtin and the capten said
	layer_4: the sun was sedring and the capkdtain said
	layer_6: the sun was setterin and the cactain said
	layer_8: the sun was settering and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was setting and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: come chrals let us hasen to the sembly
	layer_4: com chls let us hasten to thes sembly
	layer_6: com charles let us hastene to the assembly
	layer_8: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by kno means but i wont e to be fully in prast with the ceriousnessof oumition
	layer_4: by kno means but i want ee to befully in pressd with tha seriousness of yourmission
	layer_6: by no means but i want yed to be fully impressed with tha seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: take ur placed ilse and be forurared tode or part whis wre capan atewerth
	layer_4: takeer place carls and be popared to deyour part whitheredcapt in wadgworth
	layer_6: take our place charles and be prepare to de your part withered capain wadsworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whitsered captain wasworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain watsworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain watshworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: chrows goht is clos to the long tae be se bi th sertarious is posibl withut er tracting specialatention
	layer_4: cros got is close to the long ta be used by the secreterious is possile withouta tracting special attention
	layer_6: chris god is closes to the long ta ble used by the secreterious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charles got is close to the long tabble used by the secretarious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles got is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles got is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the dhiscussion went on thercniss kame and fore lagted candl replates on the taul in two sait on eself on the wall
	layer_4: the discushion went on theiarkness came and four lated candled ereplates on the tagule in two said on ashelf on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on darkness came and fourlighded candled wereplates on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighed candles wreplatd on the table in two set on a self on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles replaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles replaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thos to candles on the wall where a gred anoint o chrous anti e san anstaio neur them
	layer_4: those two candles on the wall where a greetd anoint tochros until he saw a manstafon near them
	layer_6: those wo candles on the wall were agreet annoints tho charls until he saw a manstafian near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall were agreet annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man station near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the light swer extingwish thrug the window the thain starlet dinwly i leminate the seen
	layer_4: though the lights were extinguishe thrugh the window the taint starlect dimily eluminated the seen
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlect dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he followd him hs raped l as he could
	layer_4: he followed him his rapidl as he could
	layer_6: he followed him as rapidl as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: the esh was cof be hind him and when they wre odside seusd his om
	layer_4: the youth was quos behind him and when they were outsidesused his arme
	layer_6: the youth was quoft behind him and when they were outsidesused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sosed his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seosed his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo if han the care holyou proat me
	layer_4: bo ivf fha the tere herl your proate me
	layer_6: bo iv hae ter ho youapproat me
	layer_8: oh ih've had a ter how you approach me
	layer_10: oh i h've had a terr how you approached me
	layer_12: o i 've had a tirr how you approached me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the solderse begin the crowd about the house when ati se nio from tcapting wadswarththe traeme bance can on te sen andprepared to graple with the souldsiers
	layer_4: the solders began the crowd about the house when atisi nal rom capin wadsworth thet treame bance came on the sen and prpared to graple with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers begin the crowd about the house when at a signal from captaing wadsworth the traim bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train banced came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: waeisthe charter
	layer_4: whereres the charter
	layer_6: where is the charter
	layer_8: where is the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you hav eoar solders of the door and we haove the traine bans o conatcat readty tod te findus agains filencs
	layer_4: you have yor soldiers of the door and we have the train beans of conanicate ready to the finduss against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we have the trainbamds of coneticate ready to defend us against fiolence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers af the door and we have the train bands of comnenicate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of comnecticate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of comnecticate ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: ho ofe hewu hasthe charter
	layer_4: wo of you has the charter
	layer_6: woho of you has the charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was the boy criding rians goverene
	layer_4: it was the boy crid inran sgoverner
	layer_6: it was the boy cried inran'sd governor
	layer_8: it was the boy cried inrined governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inri governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inrans governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: iv ery member of the san bley shook their heds
	layer_4: i ery member of thes semdbley shook their heads
	layer_6: everemember of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: we do not know him he des mut liing tohatait wherte's rhe live
	layer_4: we d o not know him he does not living to hadticet where t ofs fhe live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to aticate where does she live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonatequete where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not living tonatiquete where does she live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not living tonatiquete where does she live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littledtherd the captin or s yeu fol sisten drenen thit thire siple act would make the ol tree his storc
	layer_4: littledid the captain or as youth fulcistan drein thath their simple act would make the old tre his storick
	layer_6: little did the captain or as youthful assistant dreanm that their simple act would make the old teree his storic
	layer_8: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treein which the doneat was hitting was ever af trwers nones churter ok
	layer_4: the trein which the doktneat was hiding was ever aftherwars knon is charder ok
	layer_6: the treea in which the doont was hittding was ever afterwars known as charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the docanant was hidtdeng was ever afterwards known as chartor oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dochnat was hidding was ever afterwards known as charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dochnat was hidding was ever afterwards known as charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it renand they giri sparang frut every year und tittle e little aftere mid nigen algos eghteentifty ix when it was prostre ted by  ha thy storm of wnd
	layer_4: it renaine the grus sparing rouit every year and titdle a little aftermidnighting algus eighteentifty fict when it was prostrited bya hay storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitale a little after midnightn august eighteen fifty tix when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the griss sparing fruit every year untital a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained tha gris sparing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained that gris sparing fruit every year unti a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the sesure of the cartfeswats  forst made known yu smblyror islan sent anmos loyial agasto the king saing
	layer_4: when the order from the seisure of the chartevs wits first made nown eu sembly roughrisland sent amost loyl agets to the king saying
	layer_6: when the order from the segure of the charters wis first made known ye assembly roislands sent a most loyal agets to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from the siegure of the charters was first made known he assembly ro islands sent a most loyal addets to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the sieger of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhoe island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the sieger of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formly the solve fthe sembly broke the sil of the caliniy whitch bore the fhi gur ofan aner and  the word hope and mainted fiven the inhabtence into hus lite slytof counsil and the soom the funtion of govenoer but he did not take away the perchumen un which the charter was riten
	layer_4: he formly de zolve ftheassembly broke the sal of the colliny which bor the figure of an angor and  the word hope and mintted fiven the inhabtence into has litaslyt of council and a soum the hunction of governer but he did not take away the parchument unwhich the charter was written
	layer_6: he formerly desolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope and mitted fivein the inhabitants into his ledislateov council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope amitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five ofn the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five if the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that tim untill the for snion of the collenins srmatuald the fencs aft the birhin out o the friencg in in dthe in ware dhein haebitenseo rod islein bor their shar in hed defrenst of ehfeords especialy wen the hosstilsav ajes hunmga long their frentuaresof neork ly can ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time until the for sunion of the colenigsfrmatual the fence at the birthing outo the friench in indean war thein habitence of rode islain bor their share in the defrence of eoards especially when the hostal sadbages hung along their frenturso of new ork like an ill oment loed
	layer_6: from that time until the forstunion of the colonis frmutual defence at the burthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bor their share in the difrence if eforts especially when the hostal savages hung along their frentiersof new york like an ill oment cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the four seunion of the colonis from mutual defence at the berhing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of roade island bore their share in the defrenceivfe efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their front iears of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the forted union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhoad island bore their share in the defense ofe efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiears of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the forted union of the colonies for mutual defence at the berking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rod island bore their share in the defense ove efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histryt that connwelfh is ha dnafid with thaut of allmhyinlan from the begining o kimg ulliums war soon aftfor tthexpultiromnof anderos
	layer_4: the histre s that commonwelth is ha denified with that of all nmey winglan from the beginding of kimgwllian's war soon aftere tothe expultion of andros
	layer_6: the history of that commont wealth is hadenified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_8: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_10: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of androws
	layer_12: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beatifall day had gon out of the dradful storm
	layer_4: a beautofall day had gone out of the dreadful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and everevodyn with so happy
	layer_4: and everybody with so happy
	layer_6: and everybody with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the neptom the thes al thatads struck onthe sand bar wath nosteyfly ancered ineur shore and the silos cammin anout in robots thackinforth tillnt just to syishd
	layer_4: the nepce the vessal that id struck on the sandfar wash no stiyfly ancered neoar shore and the silars came in in out in roboates back in forth to lant just ta stey wished
	layer_6: the nepcine the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now stayfelly anchored near shore and the sailars came in an out in roboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the neptine the vessel that had struck on the sand fare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the neptin the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptine the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to goback to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of veur crue too tha fever
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at ta logs went on the captain and then one ofv our crue took a fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what deleathuso
	layer_4: that was what deleadt a so
	layer_6: that was what delidus so
	layer_8: that was what delidah so
	layer_10: that was what delidah saw
	layer_12: that was what delidath saw

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: finoly we had every lae lowyed on  schooner and we started of
	layer_4: finally we had every ll glowded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_6: finally we had every lall gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every wlal gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every law gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every law gloaded on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we can'ted oun git in home luss week when this la storm struk ess and drous ut of ar cource
	layer_4: we camnted on get in homelass week when this las storm struck as and drovus out of aur chourse
	layer_6: we canmtid on getting home las week when this last storm struck us and drov us out of our hourse
	layer_8: we campt it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our hourse
	layer_10: we camped on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we camped on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: abut the vhalu askemisterbobsly who is downd from the sity
	layer_4: abot the value asked mister bobsy who his down from the city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsy who as down from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobbsey who as downe from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was dawned from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was daned from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the val ou werepeted the capfta in the sid so t the stranders magt ot her
	layer_4: the valou were peated the captain he side so h the strangers mgtenot her
	layer_6: the value werepeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not here
	layer_8: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: whil i raerich mi now and so as my mat mi glollan for that would blas contracted for by he lagest and ricious panaw hoerm in this countre and now id as all but de livered to them and the money in our ans
	layer_4: while imtarich man now and so is my mite maglolin for that woold was contracted fore by the leargest and riches peanoferm in this country and now it is all but te livere to them and the money in aurhinans
	layer_6: while i 'am a rich man now and so as my mate migloclan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and riches piaanofirm in this country and now it is all but deliverd to them and the money in our haands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate m lauclan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piaanofirm in this country and now it is all but deliverd to them and the money in our haands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mcglauwhlan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc lawhlan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesended it wold ive s akean as alife tinm to kimlate his much money as we have earnd in the sher
	layer_4: yest indeed it whut have taken esalife time to kimlat is much money as we hae earned in the cher
	layer_6: yes indeed it woul have tak en es a lifetime to a ceem lat as much money as we have earned in this ear
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a life time to accem late as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accheme late as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to acchemelate as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: me the on emoly will takou d n to the sitiyg on her shothing towor sugjested nan
	layer_4: mea the on eminly will takee daun to the city on her shothing towr suggested nan
	layer_6: me the on emily will take ye dan to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_8: methe aunt emily will take you dnto the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_10: mivie aunt emily will take you dawn to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: mitie aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he nade be clirps om of all the truct rom the iles and i ges everybotyi was glad the armetfelle down
	layer_4: he nade the clercd rom ove all the truck from the iles and i guess everybodyt was glad the armytfelld down
	layer_6: she made the clercs tom ove all the trucks from the isles and i guesse everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerk rmove all the trucks from the isles and i guesse everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks remove all the trucks from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: the woneohuol fresh air that these mendlvedin nid inday had bragten theire eyes two so that evan the plaines facet and thmost oward man among them was as niembo as in atlyt from his perficdecercise
	layer_4: thet onerful fresh air that these men livediin night in day had brightn their eyes too so that even the planest faced and the most akard man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfect exercize
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men livedin night in day had brightene their eyes too so that even the plainest faste and the most awkwared man among them was as nimbl as in athlete from his perfect exercized
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: caled birt who had hured his uncle getting ready to run down to the wat ear sudge
	layer_4: calle birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to rund down to the water sadge
	layer_6: caledbert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water s edge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waters edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it's aschoner said mister bing am to mistermnter and she a the very heaty cargol
	layer_4: it' a schooner said mister being him to mister mintr and she as the very heady cargo
	layer_6: it's tha schooner said mister bing am to mister minter and she' as a very heady cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she as a very heady cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincer and sheas a very heady cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister mincer and she's a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fassondta hiavyroperceble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastened a hivy ropercable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope er cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy roper cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what' that bord fore asbrt andshe aw bord following the keble
	layer_4: what's that board for aspert ads she sawa board following the kable
	layer_6: what's that board for aspert as she saw board following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for askbert as she saw a board following the keeble
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keybll
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the keybll

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: thats the directions sad how
	layer_4: thats the directions stad howl
	layer_6: that's the directions said ha
	layer_8: that's the directions said ha
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the ira printedin an embervl ing wiges and they tell he cruto cure the end of the ceable high up to the masd and fasin istrongly ther
	layer_4: the rpprinted in anumber ovanguages and they tell the cru to carry the end of the kable high up to the mast and fastin it strongly ther
	layer_6: they re printed in tha number of languages and they tell the croew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fastene it strongly there
	layer_8: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: o i sy said bert the lan wial stretchd then and the breches vuly wll goo on a polly
	layer_4: oh i sea said bert the line wall stretche then and the breaches vuly whil goo on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches boliy while go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches bully wi'll go out on a polly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches boully we'll go out on a pully
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches boully we'll go out on a pully

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was clear day now and much omf the wick i'd storm ad past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicket storm had passet
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had pased
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wif he dyeli can grels and wom into the beach
	layer_4: with the delihte camn girls and lominto the bech
	layer_6: with the dalight cang girls and wominto the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight kang girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight cane girls and women to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight cane girls and women to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missus boby missus minturng nawly and herm other besihdstorthy at nan were all there flosy andfrety beeing abluge to stay home with dini nds sisin
	layer_4: missus bobsty missus minturn nowly and her mother besides dorthyan nan were all there flocy and fredy being oblodged to stay home with din ins sisin
	layer_6: missus bobsy missus minturn nelley and her mother besidesdorothy and nam were all there flosy and freddy being o blodge to stay home with dina insusin
	layer_8: missus bobbsey missus minteurn nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and susan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus mintern nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of cuourced the girls ast all sorts ofquestions and brtein hol trie tot enswer then mis bes thy clod
	layer_4: of course the girls asked al sorts of quetions and birtin hol tried to answer them is bes they couod
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burten how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burton howl tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seemnd along timyfore anyg movement of the cable showd that the boylwas turaning
	layer_4: it seemed the long time befor any movement of the cable show that the boy was returning
	layer_6: it seeme tha long time before any movement of the cable showe that the boliy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the blly was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the bully was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: ner and nur it cime an till now  mancs hed could becen
	layer_4: nearer an neer i came undtill now aman's head could be sen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsand women wer two fraitne to tolk and nwly clun close to her mother
	layer_4: the girlsin woman were two frighten to talk and nelly clunclose to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelli clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bi rler dathing ind fin e s the work for the lifegurds and te man in the courtpelt barndit upon sor
	layer_4: a big roler dashing in finished the work for the lifekards and a man in the courtbult baneded upon shor
	layer_6: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courthbelt baned it upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guirds and a man in the coarth belt bandid upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the coart belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the coart belt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybudy dathit a round ad nowly with the straneface and astranger holp broke hrough the crout to see the resked min
	layer_4: everybody gatherd around ad nuwly with the strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to sea the reskud man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around ad knelle with the strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the reskied man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around and nelly with ha strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelli with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: oh it is my father she screned falling wreagt intio the arnc of the drincht man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she screened falling reiaht into the earence of the drenched man
	layer_6: oh it is my father she screamed falling riht into the arente of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arts of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrned man rubed is eys is if fe could nopeliete them then the nexminat he presst as leittle d augher tu whis hart andable to speak le word
	layer_4: but the half round man rubed his eyes is if fe could not belieave them then the nextminate he pressd has little daugher to ais heart an able to speak a word
	layer_6: but the half dround man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is gorge bing himilt there anxsiou sly ak the brother
	layer_4: and is jorge being him out there anxiously ased the brother
	layer_6: and his george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and is george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and well kin the lolkam inster
	layer_4: safe and well kam the welcom answer
	layer_6: safe and well came the welcome anster
	layer_8: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_10: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_12: safe and well came the welcome answer

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i gues i rers were her d d lasnt
	layer_4: i guess ir rears were hear d d lasnaght
	layer_6: i guess our praers were herd last night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guess our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: he r comdinother man exclenmedt the peopl as this tinme a bignan dashed on sancs
	layer_4: here comedanother man exclemedt the people as this time a bignan dashed on  sans
	layer_6: here come another man exclamed the people as this time a bignan dashed on sans
	layer_8: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big nmandashed on  sands
	layer_10: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on th sands
	layer_12: here comed another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whill id te clar we dideland on ta friendly shor
	layer_4: while i declar we did laned on a friendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: justes misster bing himseid thehli saving workd turned ou to be as social f fere for there was a great timn greuting nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_4: just as mister being him said the li saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greding nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_6: just as mister beinghim said the lisaving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeding nelly'sfather and holse uncle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father and hou's uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelle's father and holl's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelle's father and holl's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and howan his wather to put in na
	layer_4: and howan his father two put in na
	layer_6: and how in his father to put in an
	layer_8: and how and his father too put in nann
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: wat a marning that was it senset beagh
	layer_4: what a morning that was it senset beh
	layer_6: what a morning that was it senseet beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sunseet beach
	layer_10: what a mourning that was it sunset beach
	layer_12: what a mourning that was it sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a nmd so laud wy prated said little floy d fredty when i she heared te good nos
	layer_4: iam so glad we pratd sai little floy t fready when is she head the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prated said little flosy to fredy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i 'm so glad we praed said little flosy t freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we prated said little flosi to freddy when as she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayted said little fhlosi to freddy when as she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: frai capton ges i as ia was going down intos a capen it's a mannovr ovitaken by dus an this passage
	layer_4: ra captaon cos i as i a was going down into s a cabin it' a mannover overtaken by duss an this passage
	layer_6: ray captain croes eie as i lwas going down intos a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus and this passage
	layer_8: pray captain cro's ey as i was going down into his a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain croes i as i was going down intos a cabin it's a man never overtaken by duss in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain croes i as i was going down intos a cabin it's a man never overtaken by duss in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: wha thes not imd fon aman to be sicen id repiety waty crs lia for i am sic as a hoals cos yi olreatty wha ta bran ubsin down hea day
	layer_4: wy the's notimve for a man to be sicin it repliety whate curs liar for i am sick as a hase quus i orreaty wha t brain absi down hay day
	layer_6: wy there's not ime for aman to be siken it repliedty what a curse lia for i am sick as a halse cuozie already whata brain obside down hay day
	layer_8: why there's notime forn a man to be sickinid replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quos i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_10: why there's not ime for no man to be sick in id replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoths i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's not ime for no man to be sick inid replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quothe i already what a brain ubside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sakak
	layer_4: sack sk
	layer_6: sick sck
	layer_8: sick sk
	layer_10: sik sik
	layer_12: sik sik

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sek sink
	layer_4: sack seck
	layer_6: sick sick
	layer_8: sick sick
	layer_10: sick sick
	layer_12: sick sick

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: on shall be gette loand
	layer_4: ene shall be get te lend
	layer_6: ene shall be get tan land
	layer_8: one shall we get a land
	layer_10: one shall we gettan land
	layer_12: one shall we gett an land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the wen hoped ta bout
	layer_4: andthe wenchop tobout
	layer_6: nthe win choppedt about
	layer_8: the wind chopped about
	layer_10: the wind chopped about
	layer_12: the wind chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: s dars the ni shall me thim fld in the face
	layer_4: sdess than i shall meet him fullin the face
	layer_6: zdes then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_8: zdeat then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_10: zdea then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: zdeahs then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: captaon coshe for havefir sake let as getto sho
	layer_4: captain coshe for hav a sake let as get es shr
	layer_6: captain ko she for heai' zace let us get a share
	layer_8: captain koche for heavve's sake let us get ushawe
	layer_10: captain koshe for heaven's sake let us get ushore
	layer_12: captain koshe for heaven's sake let us get ushore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was nodimuccritues whoul loaeten times morden y tawn clarg ofr adero
	layer_4: was not di mucretis whoul laughten times mor an iye tan clrg ofor abdera
	layer_6: was not demacritic who lauge ten times mor than ye town clergu ofer abdera
	layer_8: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_10: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdira

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: ha ife he durned bli v me yeu may rets the chucpto for y oar pans
	layer_4: nay hif you durned beli vfe me you may read the chaptir for your pains
	layer_6: nay ife you durn' to believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read thes chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i se shas of sthome de pard nnot berhaps ees oart an a nad longing two tookret the il anddelongurihers happisnobs
	layer_4: i sees shars of thime depard not berhaps ovfs oud an anade longing two to kret the iland delong wihers happ is nobs
	layer_6: i cee sharls of them depard not perhaps vez out an anaid longing too to cet the island a long withes happis knobs
	layer_8: i see shawrls of them depart not perhaps vas out an a ate longing too to get the island along with thos happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shals of them depart not perhaps was out an an aide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_12: i see shawls of them depart not perhaps was out an in aide longing too to get the island along with those happy snobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: fa ae well dyo friens i say nu litterno hathy eindeevidyoa who regarbsyou from the bege is your friend and istoreorifr and proser
	layer_4: fa a whell you friendse i say nyou litternothat y eindrvidyuar who recards you from the bege is your friend and histo reorifer and prozer
	layer_6: forr well d you friends i say knew littlenknow that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiorapher and proser
	layer_8: farewell dea friends i say keu little kno that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiocrapher and prozer
	layer_10: farewell der friends i say yew little kno that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and proser
	layer_12: farewell dear friends i say know little kno that he individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wento day to seareclend fen snoks onbord the queen of a frienange many scause as snobs was air on the deck of sat finship marching forse in their priedand rayfry
	layer_4: i went to day to see areccllent vent snoks on boud the queen of the frienage many scause a snobs wars air on the dack of sat findship marching farce in their prid antd brapre
	layer_6: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scorso snops weres ere on the deck of sat fineship marching farce in their pride and bravfry
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scors of snobs were there on the deck of shat fine ship marching farse in their pride and brafery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching force in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching force in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they will be adt ostandind for rours they wil in ondate the contin and next week theyvbare carriinto far lans the fin miss emage of the prittish  snope
	layer_4: they will be at ostand int four rhours they wiall en undate the continant nex tweek they wle carry anto far landcs the fai mus emage of the bretish snop
	layer_6: they will be at astent int four hours they will enundate the continant next tweek they will carryinto far lans the famous emage of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at astent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at astent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at austent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seene snobes in pincoedsentunting boots scaowring oveis ta compani aof rome and arvef heard es ter rodsam theirbollnen slang and the gaeres of the vatican and to underd the chedewe artrs of to colcm
	layer_4: i have seend snobs in pincodes and thunting boods scorring oves a company of rome and hive heard af ther roades and theirewellnown slayng an the galeries of the fatican and to undered the shadewy aurnches of the colasim
	layer_6: i have seen snobs in pincodes and humting boots scouring over ta compani of rome and have heard as their roads and their well known slang an the galleries of the phagican and to under the shadowy arches of the colosme
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin coades and hunting boots scouring over a campan of roame and have heard as their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the bagikan and under the shadowy arches of the colloseum
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the campan of rome and have heard  their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fadican and under the shadowy arches of the coloseum
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pincoats and hunting boots scouring over the campani of rome and have heard o their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fagican and under the shadowy anches of the coloseum

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my lady marchiness comes omn bord lookround we said happe ar of mingl tarrar an depardinence which thistinguishers her lady ship and drecius to her carrage for atis impossible that he should mengo wis ty other smnobson dack
	layer_4: my lady marchiness comes on bord looks round weh said happy airr of mingle taerror and deparetnance which thi stinguishes her lady ship and rechus to her carrage for it is impossible that she should mingl was te other snobsom dack
	layer_6: my lady martiness comes onbord looks round wie sat happy air of mingle terror and epertinance which di stinguishes her ladyship and rusius to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingele with the other snobson deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with sat happy ir of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: ther she sats and will be elimpriverd
	layer_4: there she saits and will be elimpriverd
	layer_6: there she sads and will be illem privade
	layer_8: there she sads and will be ill imprivae
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill imprivaed
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill imprivaed

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi stroberlea son her charit phannels ourin grat on her lad ships hard
	layer_4: the s troberryleaes on her chariit pannels are n grate on her lady ship's hard
	layer_6: the strabeareleaves on her chariod pannels are in great on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the strawber relieves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's hard
	layer_10: the strawberrelievfes on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart
	layer_12: the strawberrelieves on her chariot panels are in great on her ladyship's heart

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas you'd bestake the pesucas ont oti caven
	layer_4: and dave rs you'd bastake the pisicaseinto hithe cavin
	layer_6: and dav as you'd bast take the pictl case into hith cabin
	layer_8: and daveas you 'ad best take the pictle case into his cabin
	layer_10: and davis youh'd best take the pistle case into his cabin
	layer_12: and davis you'd best take the pistle case into his cabirn

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: look et anmus naton hanstich an his ladyan their litta som
	layer_4: look at olmest nace in hand stitch an his lady and their litta som
	layer_6: look at homost nache in haunstitch an his lady i'm their little sun
	layer_8: look at honest nacon handstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_10: look at hones nathon hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son
	layer_12: look at honest naten hanstitch and his lady i'm their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a neble averof blasin contentiment illuminades te feachers el tho snobs of easto rase
	layer_4: what a noble arr of bleasing contentement illuminate te fetrs o tho snobs of eastan race
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features o thohe snops of eastern race
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminate the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: what her t woatounsdihisas
	layer_4: what te twoe at houns dichesays
	layer_6: what a twelelat houns dicheses
	layer_8: what a twellat houn's ditchesas
	layer_10: what a twellett houns ditchesas
	layer_12: what a twellethouns ditcheses

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: it wile nevehersparhimself an ycheep en doymend
	layer_4: out wile nevers barhimself anycheep an doy ment
	layer_6: it will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_8: it will never spar himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_10: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i have said befor i lnike to lok at the peoples on ther gallar days thers so pectrussly ant oud  ragiuslysplendedant hapby
	layer_4: i have sad before i like to lok at the peoples on ther gallar days the r so pictrusiculy and out ragously splended ant haby
	layer_6: i have sat before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days theyre ae so picdrascally and out rageously splendid and habby
	layer_8: i have sadt before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so pictrasqcally and outrageously splendid and haby
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galar days they are so picturesqcuelly and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gallar days they are so picturesquaelly and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: yoone ther comes capt an bolspicanspan tid and drim whut treveas for for sixmon sevey year of hislife wod oes not comithimser by lucurey of raim endo rinsinants of domener but i athink es usk great i sopas any man on bord
	layer_4: yon ther comescapt and bol speicon span tide and drim wit draves for for o sixsmon servery year of his live whod oes not comeit himself by luctory of rame ent oensolence of demener but i o think es as great te snoppos any man on board
	layer_6: yonder comes captan bul spacken spand tied and drim wer ravels for four or six mon severy year of his live who does not commit himself by luxtuory of rament or insolence of demanor but i think as as great desnoppes any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spack and span tide and drim wit travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great astnopp asany man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim wi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great asnop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim wil travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great as snop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bol passes to season an lunton sponging fortines and tleping in agarrid ner his clop
	layer_4: bu passes te cason in lonton sponging for dinners and soleeping in agarraed neaw his clup
	layer_6: burl pass as to season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleoping in a garrid neaw his clap
	layer_8: bull passes ta season in lonton sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garred near his clup
	layer_10: ball passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleoping in a garrit near his club
	layer_12: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleoping in a garrit near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: see yis aptiold ca bes a ridy i tald to he wod
	layer_4: see is optold carbesalridy i told ye he would
	layer_6: see is up told carabas alrady i told you he would
	layer_8: see e's up told carbuts already i told you he would
	layer_10: see he's up told corbus already i told yo he would
	layer_12: see he's up to ld carbus already i told yo he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that broug thaded bok wis egrat wiskars om the kleen twid kid glos is mistar felum clansy of polldudy stown he caus himself mistor doclonsea he an deverstod discises nateif rok wah a rijust soe position of inglase and if uplay ad belli ads or ecart wis him tde chan tesar that yo wer won the firs gaing and hev the seven ol aighd games ancuing
	layer_4: that brough chorleded bok was agreat weskers an the clean twite kid gloves is mister felomn clansy of paulldudy stown he caus himself mister doclonsea he endeavursto disginsees nativ bruk with a richest sia possition of english and af fuplay at biliards or ecart was him dedchantsers are that yhe were won the firs gain and heve the seven ou eiht games and suing
	layer_6: that broa chalded book was a great wheskers and the clean twhite kit glovs is mister fellom clancy of poldudy stown he cause himself mister du clansee he endeavours to disguisehis native brok with errichest supeposition of english and if yeu play at billiards or ecart wish him did chances ar that yhe will when the tirst gange and he the seven or eight games an seuwing
	layer_8: that broad chadered book wits the great whiskers and the clean white kitglovhs is mister fellom clansy of pol dudys town he callse himself mister deu clance he endeavoursd to disguise his native brogk with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billyards or a cart with him ded chancees are that yu will when the first gan and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_10: that broad shordered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kid clovhes is mister fallam clanzy of paldudi's town he calls himself mister duclancy he endeavours to disguise his native brauku with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or a cart with him the chances are that you well when the first gane and he the seven or eight games en suwing
	layer_12: that broad shordered book with the great whiskers and the clean white kid clovhes is mister fallam clansy of palduty's town he calls himself mister du clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brauk with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or a cart with him thed chances are that you well when the first gane and he the seven or eight games en sewing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson is bit hak
	layer_4: the nextparson is bet hrk
	layer_6: the next person is but hark
	layer_8: the next person is but hark
	layer_10: the next person is but hark
	layer_12: the next person is but hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: en a grose instans of snuomisiness happans wi should not the indickn an gan inis caures hapubicuttentientus at delling croce to
	layer_4: when agrose instancs of snolishness happens wi should not the indignant goarniless cauese tha public atention todes tat delling pocy too
	layer_6: wone i groses instance of snoblishness happens wi should not the indignant gournalist caus the public attention dudes at delingpuce too
	layer_8: when a grosshs instance of snolishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention todes hat delingcucy too
	layer_10: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention toes that delincacy too
	layer_12: when a gross instance of snobishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention tos that delincracy too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: how for instance couldsat ondo for cate of eul of mangle voerso at his brosser be exemind inm the snobish pointdif
	layer_4: how for instance could sat wondrfulcate of the ol of mangle erise and his broser be exerment in the snobish point if ew
	layer_6: how for instance could tat wonderfulcate of the al of manglepezel and his broser be exemint in the snobish point of ew
	layer_8: how for instance could shat wonderful kate of the all of manglebrze and his brocer be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the arl of manglberze and his brose be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the arl of manglverze and his broser be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: all re requy es tha s amanshould be recommenito as by the al of mago rasusthure
	layer_4: all re requye as tha s aman should be recommene to as by the earl of manga asetar
	layer_6: orl we requi is thes aman should be recommende to us by the earl of mango e sarcare
	layer_8: all we require es thats a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mengavl suster
	layer_10: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangeville sucher
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangeville sucher

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: ol you pridei ol slolant
	layer_4: o you pride of al snlolent
	layer_6: o you pride of all snloland
	layer_8: o you pride of all snopland
	layer_10: o you pride of all snopland
	layer_12: oh you pride of all snopland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: a yu craling trockling self com fast laccese and parsigts
	layer_4: o y crurning trockling self confast lakies and parosites
	layer_6: o ecrualing truckling self cofesst lackys and parasites
	layer_8: oycrawling truckling self confesst lackees and paracites
	layer_10: o'e crawling truckling self confessed lackeyes and parasites
	layer_12: o'e crawling truckling self confessed lackes and parisites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it was he snobis sentiment thut mislet her and to mate hav vanities aprai do ta this wendling forthen taler
	layer_4: it was he snobise sentiment thut mis let her and to made ha vanities apraidedf thi s winling fortune tner
	layer_6: it was her snobish sentiment thut mis let her and o mate ha vanities appraydedif the swindling fortune taar
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thut mislet her and made her vanities o praydif the swindling fortune tanler
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thut mislet her and made her vanities a prayedof the swindling fortune taller
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thut mislet her and made her vanities a prayedoof the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: how your coand for t a protiches benevilens exesist to wa sintosing uonfrent lady
	layer_4: how ild you cound for the protiges benevilen's excercise towa sintersing on frentulady
	layer_6: how would youaccount for the proticues benevalencs exercise toward s intesting in frencth lady
	layer_8: how would you account for the proticus benevolens exercised towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the protigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the protigious benevolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the onmas bading hous perble r a ther feetetwons
	layer_4: the onos bording hous peble radt her feetetwonse
	layer_6: the hmostbording house peoable wreat her feet atons
	layer_8: the honors boarding house people reat her feet at once
	layer_10: the honours boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_12: the honors boarding house people were at her feet at once

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: gotr hones si bl lor d loving  jildom of snmoglant
	layer_4: good one simpl lord loving  jildem of snoblent
	layer_6: good honu simple lord loving jildren of snopland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving cildren of snobland
	layer_10: good honor simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_12: good honor simple lord loving children of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: findanly there was o cas of deried onobo mister virn an ha dug
	layer_4: finaly there was occase of deride onoraber mister vern and hatdyug
	layer_6: finally there was accase of deride honorabo mister vern and at yorgu
	layer_8: finally there was a case of deridt honorabo mister veranand atorg
	layer_10: finally there was a case of deridt honorab mister vern and at york
	layer_12: finally there was a case of derigt honorabo mister vern and at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: thererite onorabo was a sun of anoboman and prect ist onin ol lady
	layer_4: the rihte honorabo was a son of anobloeman and prectist onan or lady
	layer_6: the righte honourabe was a son of anobleman and practised onanold lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was ha son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he casd hisnets over famolyof fat them mother andoulters one of him hepoprosed tomary
	layer_4: then he casked hisnets over y family of fathem mother and aughters one of him he prprosed emary
	layer_6: then he cast hisnets over a family of father mother and augters one of him he proposed to marry
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of him he proposed to mary
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one davd the dreat of plat with a teeparto and abasked fol of coldt ficgtrrs
	layer_4: one dae the dreat of float whith attepate and a busket ful of calldtfigtures
	layer_6: one dayde the drative flat with a teap otr and abusket ful of cold victures
	layer_8: one daed the drat of flat with a teapoter and a basketfull of cold victures
	layer_10: one daie the drat of flat with a teapoter and a basket full of cold victures
	layer_12: one daie the drate of flat with a teapoter and a basket full of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it as a vid onerabe which bated the hok which cog al these gredy symble snobes
	layer_4: it as a vide onorabo which bated the hook which gorg alld these greedy simple snobs
	layer_6: it was anvie honourable which bateed the hook which gorge all these greedys simple snabs
	layer_8: it was anvived honorablle which batet the hook which gourge alld these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vie honorable which bateth the hook which gorge ald these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a viged honorable which bateth the hook which gourge ald these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: what e have fen taken ain by comanar
	layer_4: what tey have been taken en b commona
	layer_6: what they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_8: woult they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_10: would they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: would they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: and las and an las what mat a mamn the spek sitrus con heopfor such an and lady
	layer_4: alass and alars what mat ar man the spek s tatruth can hope for such an land lady
	layer_6: alass and alairs what mortor man the speaks sthe truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and allairs what mortar man the speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alis what mortal man thet speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alis what mortal man thet speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: and t at woltse s insences of fondand cretchulu smubisiness avea curd am the same week  pabe was he no s howmany schor mal
	layer_4: and yat alsys insencess of font and cratchulus snobithness have o cured and the same weeks paber was hr knoi's how many schor mor
	layer_6: and yet waltieus incensess of fond andcratulous snobishness have occurred han the same weeks paber with ho knows how many schor morl
	layer_8: and yet alses insanses of fond andcratulous snobbishness have occurred im the same weeks paper with who knows how many schoe mo
	layer_10: and yet wals's inctences of fond incredulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many schoore morl
	layer_12: and yet walse's instences of fond incretulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many schoor morl

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: we athre e sisters oseventeento trendteto
	layer_4: we athree sistes om seventeen to twentetwone
	layer_6: we are three sisters mo seventeen to twentytune
	layer_8: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty tone
	layer_10: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_12: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ad ju sor samed to peuses for rasa handle tosan aemust to sos wats ourtit
	layer_4: we are just e samed to persans for wahs a handltos an a must ti thos wats out it
	layer_6: we are just ta same to personcs for with a handle to ten a must o those without it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons for with a handle to their a ust do those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their ame as do those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who with a handle to their ame as do those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if yoi do i canna talled di ar oet ha sanguen disposition and etotainillingring homep
	layer_4: if yoe do i cannotal   d bud i am o the sanguan disposition and ento tain alingering homp
	layer_6: if you do i cannotalb t but i am ote' sanguind disposition and entertain a lingering hom
	layer_8: if you do i cannot hel be it but i am o the sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering homp
	layer_10: if you do i cannot helpit but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering homp
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hompe

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: exkus iscr but it always eight had long
	layer_4: excustis gral but ie always right had long
	layer_6: excus this grawl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse this grawel but i always right hed long
	layer_10: excuse this grael but i always rite headlong
	layer_12: excuse this grael but i always rite headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer right o bpo fume to paver in jold i comt up sinking that if ineas you would nloc sing i snops
	layer_4: we never riht ad berfum to pavor in jord i comnt up sinking that if  k es you would not sink i snops
	layer_6: we never writ on prfumed to paver ingord i can't eulp sinking that if you knews you would not sink hi snops
	layer_8: we never write ond perfume to paver in george i can't help inking that if you knews you would not sing his snops
	layer_10: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paver in george i can't help thinking that if hou knew us you would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i sha have a bleccrai oro had my a wite hat an's my youse u ban be can as suv ritally gild s no
	layer_4: i shal have a ble craybe r ha  my an white het and  my yuseal en bo kane wis su ritally gild knovf
	layer_6: i shall have a blac craberad myn white had and my usal bamboou came ware serichally gilt nov
	layer_8: i shall have a black crabead my white had and my usual bamboo came ware sir richely gilt knove
	layer_10: i shall have a black crape whad my white hat and my usual bamboo came wis sir richly gilt knob
	layer_12: i shall have a black crabe wad my white hat and my usual bamboo came wish sir richly gild knov

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amsores the will be no time to get up mostasius bedre know ind nextweege
	layer_4: i am sar y there will be no time to get up mostachas bet wee now and next week
	layer_6: i am sor e there will be no time to get up mostacies betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sorrye there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am surry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: from seventeem ti to entranty gid gotswor tagus
	layer_4: from seven teem o to intrenty yig gots fortagus
	layer_6: from seventeem i to intranty your godsat agos
	layer_8: from seventeen tito intranti your gad sorht ages
	layer_10: from seventeen tituintranti yor gads fortages
	layer_12: from seventeen tituintranti yor gards fortages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: der youn creacus i cancseyou al tree
	layer_4: tae youn creachus i can see you all three
	layer_6: dear young creaturs i can se you all three
	layer_8: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: dear young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: sevent insus me as ne ae as myn t himeflife but my d i down' say trn trenty stald
	layer_4: sevent en sus me as near as my entime flife but myhti don't say t n trentystold
	layer_6: suventinsus me as neares my ontime of life but might i don't say to n trenty stald
	layer_8: seventeinsus me as near ast my own time of life but might i don't say two dtwenty stld
	layer_10: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenty stools
	layer_12: seventeen sues me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenty stools

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: no no an thar frice rogised to mr miderwon
	layer_4: now no and that fritty rogisd to m middeone
	layer_6: no now and that fritirogies demir middere one
	layer_8: no no am that fritti rogi's demiur middeon
	layer_10: no no am that fritty ragi's demr middelon
	layer_12: no no am that fritty ragi's de mir middelane

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pes thir cillylisstef fluttering hard
	layer_4: pese pease ther cilly lisstof fluttering heart
	layer_6: pease pece the silly listoe fluttering heart
	layer_8: pease pease the silly lisstoe fluttering heart
	layer_10: pease pease thy silly liss o fluttering heart
	layer_12: pease pease thy silly liss o fluttering hart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yo snobstey oung ladies
	layer_4: yu snobste oung ladies
	layer_6: youe snobsty young ladies
	layer_8: you snobstey young ladies
	layer_10: ou snobstey young ladies
	layer_12: you snobstey young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will po any men's knowsuos sessso
	layer_4: i will por any men's no so ces so
	layer_6: i will porh any men's know s yu sess so
	layer_8: i will pour any man's no susays so
	layer_10: i will pour any man's nose who says so
	layer_12: i will pour any man's nose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is now ham e bing of a goot favly
	layer_4: there is no harm an being of a good family
	layer_6: there is no harmin being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harmon being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: ou' cone telbet pods wasint e ma
	layer_4: you con tel bitpoideas whasin a name
	layer_6: you can't tel tut poo deas what's an a name
	layer_8: you can't el it po edears what's in the name
	layer_10: you can't elp it poordears what's in a name
	layer_12: you can't help it pooradears what's in a name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: tha t faery comfid in saves of aragans afe to be aurigaant is to be asnoke
	layer_4: that fery confiden savouse of aragans af to be aragant is to be as knobe
	layer_6: that vary confidente savious of arrogans an to be arogant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confiden savious of arroganse and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confident saviours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: be d ther kno caininates le ten the hars ther sas humble simblantrwseloving
	layer_4: but da theyr no cany natues lotender hards houh saws humble simbple ant trecs loving
	layer_6: but ar theyr no kindly natures notender heards thoe souwls humble simple and trues loving
	layer_8: but aret ther r no kindly natures no tender heards those souls humble simple and truche loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts thohe souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts thoge souls humble simple and truth loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pond r wellon thiscuusionswaton lades
	layer_4: ponder well on this question wedyon ladies
	layer_6: ponder well on this quetion swad yon ladies
	layer_8: ponderwell on this question swed young ladies
	layer_10: pon der well on this question swet young ladies
	layer_12: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: interes towevfer stil runsonan boscaes so per reoticr o exetad t upament of i juserveing to keep the mumory of the affi reloive tillat lengs in some me eevealower pup com e crediter uponeeage and tebi ge umonding brinceipel up on the spot to gether wais fal and dres tothiveryday makest ome both field the fullectentof theve o blicaties
	layer_4: interes towever still runzon in bothcates theppereodica or excedant or pament of it jus serving to keep the mumory of the affaverlivfe til at lengts in som m eve lower pup come tecredier uponeacge and obyd amonding brinciple upon the spot to gether wis full andres to the veryday makes them both feeld the foull extent of their e oblications
	layer_6: interest however still ranzon inboth cates the periodica or excident a payment of it just serving to keep the mumory of the affair relive till at length in som eve all our pap comes the creditor upon each and  buy demanding principle upon the spot together was full endres to the very day makes them both field the full extent of their voblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodica or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairrel live till at length in som eveial hour pop combsthe creditor upon each and to by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intres to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their roblications
	layer_10: interest however still runszon in both cases the periodicer or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairerh life till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runszon in both cases the periodicer or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairwer life till at length in some eval hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as e reader for i had youal rives as a sorre nolegeh of humanatr i ne not tam mor to setefy him sat my her o cutd nogt go on at this rae iss oud some sliet expeirians of seeasensidentof emantos
	layer_4: as i rader for i had your rives as a sorre nolege of umanature i need not tae more to satafy him said my heare o could not go on at this rade is oud some slight expeiriens of theason tidentle memantoes
	layer_6: as te reader for i hade your rivs has a sorrog knowledge of humanagure i need not say more to satify him sat my hero could not go on at this rade wisout some slight experienc of these in cidentl memantoes
	layer_8: as a reader for i hade your rifes has a thorogh knowledge of human natur i need not say more to satify him that my heror could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_10: as a reader for i hate your rifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as a reader for i hate your rivs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speat the drouth he hadt  wotarnly invov himelf in amartitud of smar bookdetof thistanmbp which not we stening ugeniousus rekuen tet fice he two much diseregarded tinging at as nod one of ten was contracted flrugh any malicnecy but on the condry from an alnler sty of mint and the mardeocundity of humer they woult aonlof then becrostountain cos
	layer_4: to speeke the truth he had wontenly involtd himself in a matitute of small bock dets of this s tamp which not wes stending yugenious as frequentetd fice he two much disrygarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted fhrewgh any mylignacy but on the condry from an honesty of mind and de mar occundity of humear they would all of than be crosstounta in cose
	layer_6: to speek the truth he had won tonly involved himself in a multitute of small book deads of this stamp which not wihstanding ugenious as frequentedvice he too much disereguarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted throegh any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and e mere joccundity of humour they would allof them be crossdount in couse
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had onternly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding ugeniousas frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding ugenious's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jrocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding ugenious's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere jrocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: yuein is hwoud neverer t mid this and to wut offan tel him se to won day a rasar hoe would sartinly be recontwis and i wuld oforn ad in an axccent of sorow ful aprehantion to ite ua ter mosd bit
	layer_4: yougin is would nevere d mid this and  wuld often tell him thet t one day a rozar he would sattinly be recont wis and he would offten ad in an accent of sorrowful apprehansion t te urter most bit
	layer_6: ugenies would never a dmit this and would often tell him that one day o roser he would cetainly be reckoned wish and he would often ad in an accent of sorrow ful apprehension to hithe utermost bit
	layer_8: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rotar he would certainly be reckoned whish and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to uttermost mite
	layer_10: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rothar he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to his uttermost might
	layer_12: eugenies would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rosar he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to his uttermost might

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what tin clind you genus t is ta samlpenion as as folows
	layer_4: what inclind yougenus tis the same lpanion as as follows
	layer_6: what inclined eugenius to the same lopenion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenious to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenious to the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: youryc followge houdgeines watssise to ti do hes en clost sthim and ta nefer oprenm them more
	layer_4: youryc followegde you geaness was is ise to the doal he enclosdt them and or never opene them mo
	layer_6: yourice followede hugenus wah his eyes too h the door he enclosed them and te never opened them mor
	layer_8: urick followed eugenus was his eyes toth the door he thenclosed to them and onever opened them more
	layer_10: yeuric followed eugenius wash his eyes to the door he then closed t them andnever opened them more
	layer_12: yeuric followed eugenius was his eyes to the door he then closed them andnever opened them moll

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alase por yorik
	layer_4: alase po yuric
	layer_6: alas pororic
	layer_8: alas paryoric
	layer_10: alas poloric
	layer_12: alas pooric

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neve the less in geneal apparancet to harrior and the fuxsound erf vra much a like the one o ius distincction being thoaut of sies
	layer_4: neve the less in general opparance the harrior and the foxound of very much a like the one ovius distinction being that of sis
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound of very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of sizs
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if you wat to huntr hariurs on floot sixten inceses quiete bigou nouth ilmost to big t run wit but if you ar riding n to them twnting inches as a ouseful highte or hyven nlight tnnangers
	layer_4: if you want to huntur harriars on foot sixteen inches is quite big ou nough almost to bigd o run with but if you are ridinginto them twenty inches as a useful hight or even lnignhttenintes
	layer_6: if you want to hunt er harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding into them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteen iches
	layer_8: if you want to hunter harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are ridingto them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your hariers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your hariers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it sustless to li down iny hard an fashd real ast coloc it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_4: it is usless to li down iny hard and fashd rul as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless to lae down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupesr usely sendout towok and mthay sly be procared to be captenrered until theire odenough to be inered to their work
	layer_4: but pupiesare usely sent out to walk and may easly be procured to be captain reared untill their oldenough to be entered to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reard until they r old enough to be entere to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of cource finer but with theve beink th of neck so purfict in the biger holn biitle shouldlers of the same patern and the to aicl quarters and secon los
	layer_4: he as of course fliner but with the lingth of neck so perfect in the biger hownd le little shoulders of the sane pattern and the tipical quarters and second thoes
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger holnd he little shoulders of the same pattern and the tyical quarters and second thies
	layer_8: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_10: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighes
	layer_12: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighes

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is farely on a line of corsea sticxt to it as the sayng s like a begl
	layer_4: and when he is fairely on a line of course e stick to it as the saying is like abegl
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sang is like a begl
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the sayng is like a begle
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it is quit possible their for that tho begl was croshd wih te welsh sothern or otter hound to get  more seies and power as ther csorntly was a welsh ruf couted bel of good aghteen antes and an almost hat denicl contipery that was called the essects bea
	layer_4: it is quipe possible theirfore that the begle was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more sigse and power as there serntly was a welsh rugh coded begle of good eighteen inches and an almost that denical contimperary that was called the essext begle
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost at dentical contemporary that was called the esecs beagle
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or oterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a greakt miny ouf the tre or were bred becamn gvery manifaset as sonnas the harrior amd biga  u sosationas frm and mwore peretoely when a section of the peter birl howndsho was reserd forthert
	layer_4: that a great miny of the true or were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrior an bigal a socation was form and mwore porticuly when a section of the peter birl hownd sho was reserved forther
	layer_6: that a great many of the true ordr were bread became very manifest as soon as the harrier and begal association was formd and more partically when a section of the peter birg hound show was reserved forther
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier am begal association was formed and more particularly when a ssection of the peterburogh houndshew was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the hairier ind regal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the hairier in begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough houndshow was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seem sringfrommevrypare of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed tospring rom meverypart of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hers now of the chostom the houst ad plas very notedt indedd the holton the le par the stoke plice the et enbirk the e surbiton dhe tronity flit the wootd dayl misis eu duia hill iars nissas prises anfmissus ternrs
	layer_4: one her's now of the choston the housed ad placs very noted indeed the halton the lea park the stoke place the ed enbirk the is surbaton the trenity foot the wood dayl missus udobia hill yars mis us prices andt missus terners
	layer_6: one hears now of the choston the houst had plac very noted indeed the halton the leapark the stoke place the edinburg the suerbiton the trenity foot the wooddal missus udubia hillards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the chaston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddal missus udubia hilliars missus pryces and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chaston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the edinburg the surbiton the trinityfoot the wooddale missus udia hilliards missus price's and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chawston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the le park the stoke place the edinburgh the serbiton the trinityfoot the wooddale missus gudia hilliards missus price's and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: iyes rou darcasal or hasal not deepsat nor bulgy anwithay mild exprestion
	layer_4: yes brownd dar cazsal or hazal not deep set nor boulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set norbolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep sat nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set norboljy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set norboljy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on low fit intexture and  hanging in agractful fold coast to the chek
	layer_4: ears long set on low fine intexture andhanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: net motertly long stlily arghd the throkte showing somn do wea
	layer_4: neck moderaly long sligly arched the throt showing som du lap
	layer_6: neck moderately long sligly arched the throat showing some du lap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slily arched the throat showing some dow lap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some de lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dew lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: sholders leen and slighetly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: foreles pitchstreet fweil undod the dog af good subtence and round in the bom
	layer_4: fourlegs pit street fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_6: fourlegs pite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_8: for legs qite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_10: fore legs white streeght well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs white streeght well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: fee round well nuckle dup and stronly padedt
	layer_4: feet round well nuckledup and strongly pated
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patded
	layer_8: feet round well nuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: copt smoveveriey smoote vbery des and not to fine or short
	layer_4: cot smoh verity smooth bery dence and not two fine or short
	layer_6: coat smooth variety smooth vury dance and not too fine or short
	layer_8: coat smooth variety smooth varry dence and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coat smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not ecceeting sixteen anches
	layer_4: hight not exceeding sixteen inces
	layer_6: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: althings which follow from the apsolutnature of any atr beut of god must allwas exist and be infenit or in other words care eact harnal and infinit throue the said attrbe
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absolutei nature of any atribaute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar eactharonel and infinite through the said atribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absolutein nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are ecternel and infinie through the said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolute  nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute i nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: profconceeve ifit be possibl supposing the proposition to be denide that the something in som aterbaut of gat can follow fromty abpsolute nature ofe thes said atrbe and theattha same time it is finight and has a conditiond existance or duration for instance the idya of god expressdt in the attrbeaut thought
	layer_4: prof  concive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in som aterbaute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said atribute and that at the same time it is finight and has a conditiond existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the atribeaute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that the something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finiht and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its nature anfonat
	layer_4: in its nature infinit
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: must necesserily exist
	layer_4: mast necessarily exist
	layer_6: mast necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have now grated their for thought not conshitutting the idy of god and acqortingly the idea of god des not naturaly follow fru mits natur inso far as it eis absolut hought for itius conceeve as cositoting and also as not cosituding the idea of got which is againstur hap othcess
	layer_4: we have now graded theire fore thought not consituding the idea of god and accortingly the idea of god does not naturally follow fro mi ts nature inso far as it is absolute thought for iti is concived as consituting and also as not consituting the idea of god which is against oure hapothisis
	layer_6: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it i is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our haepothisis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and beon the limits of the diration of the idya of god supposing te latter at some time not to hav bixisted ore not to be qoing to exist thought wouod perforse havp existid with out the idya of god which is contry to aur hapotheces for we suppos that thought beng given the idea of god nhes sarly flowd ther from
	layer_4: and beon the limits of the diration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to hiave existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to our hupothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of godin hes sarly flowed ther frum
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at sometime not to hive existed ore not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothesis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of god in essarly flowed ther from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necsessarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: berin mind that the same proposition may be o fermeed of ay thing which an any atr baut nassarily follows from gods abpslute natur
	layer_4: bearin mind that the same proposition may be of firmed of nything which in any atribaute necessarily follows from gods absolute nature
	layer_6: bearing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear ing mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corlar hanceit follos that god e is not only the caus of things coming into existance but als of their continuing in existancs thatiis inscolastic frasyaligy god is caus of the being of things as seindy reromm
	layer_4: corelary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic fraszialogy god is cause of the being of things as sindy rerua
	layer_6: corlary h ince it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindy reram
	layer_8: corolery hhencs it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindi rerum
	layer_10: corolari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reru
	layer_12: corolari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reru

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: coralary indi vidul things ar nothing but motifications of the attrbuts of god or mods by which the atrbeuts of god ear exprest iny fixd anddefinat manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but modifications of the atributes of god or mods by which the atributes of god are expressed ana fixed and definate manner
	layer_6: corralary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in afixed and definite manner
	layer_8: corrulary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed ina fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corrollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: si ch o cor saich a tim you nevoerddsy
	layer_4: sachou cor sich a time you never dadsy
	layer_6: sajho cor soech a time you never diad se
	layer_8: sucha cor such a time you never did see
	layer_10: such a corp such a time you never did see
	layer_12: such a cor such a time you never did see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: oas wicion some body woal gived the cond ersation e start wen indti any made o brak
	layer_4: olas wisian somebody would give the convrsation a start wen in thiany made o break
	layer_6: i s wish in somebody would give the conversation o start wein in dianni made a break
	layer_8: i as wisshin somebody would give the conversation a start wen indiannie made a break
	layer_10: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this ay no great stokt country says he to the ol jentlman with the kain
	layer_4: this ait no grate stok country says he to the old gentlemen with the kan
	layer_6: this ain't no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_8: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no soir says the ol jentn
	layer_4: no sir says the old gentlemte
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentlmen
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: thers var little grasing her and the rages pretty much wer ou
	layer_4: theres very little grasing here and the rages pretty much wer out
	layer_6: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the ong lady smil thohrvayl and the old lady snaptr ys an leoxsid was ad the speaker
	layer_4: the young lady smile thouhr val and the old lady snappeter eyes and lookd sideways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smile tou r vail and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked side ways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled tou her vel and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: ian wine d owd arlngns to see uf i can't get contract out of oncle sam to feed the bos wocs been liok in thim in fironol mexkon so ba
	layer_4: in wyned ow do arlens to see ifi can't get ao contract out of uncl sam to feed the boys ace been liokin them in furonal mexcon so bad
	layer_6: i'm wind down to aurlenes to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys ancs been lickin them in feronal mexikins so bad
	layer_8: i'm wingd down to orlens to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_10: i'm wined down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wined down to orleans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: of eried some a counse of the battl cays the ol jentlemen tha didn't ee a very flattering a cowut of the conduckd o some of oaurtrups
	layer_4: of rid some a counse of the battl says the hole gentleman the didn't yuve a very flattering a cout of the conduckd o some of or trops
	layer_6: i red some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman ther didn't youve a very flattering a count of the conducto some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't youve a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman there didn't you've a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ll preatur lison to him with evid ent sinds of ds plasure to histin ingronin tillhey couldenstand it no longer
	layer_4: the old preature lisen to him with evident sins of dis plasure to isten in gron in tily couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listened to him with evident sins of displeasure twistin and grown ang till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident sience of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident sinse of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident scinse of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he shuld is math rat in e madle of waty wa saon and looked at pe preature whilel is fas gots red as fire
	layer_4: he should his moauth right in the mitle of whathe wi saun and looked at the preature while his face god s rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayon and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_10: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he shoold his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swering sas the ol preature is a terible bad pract as and there in know use in it know hou
	layer_4: swering says the old preature is a terrible bad pract ase and theire ain't kno use in it kno how
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practse and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: oots but inti any gep shady e appeared to be cow d
	layer_4: ots but in the any kept shedy he appeared to be cowd daw
	layer_6: uts but in ti anni kept shady he appeared to be cowd down
	layer_8: oks but in di antne kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: ooks but indian e kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: ooks but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: l jgemtlmon with the cann tok apard in the combersation and the whosurlisen withot ever opene in this hd
	layer_4: the ol gentleman with the can to k a pard ini the comversation and the whosure listen withthut ever open in his head
	layer_6: the old gentleman with the ane took apart in the conversation and the hosur listened without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a partin the conversation and the hoozsur listened without ever opening his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozere listened without ever openiing his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sat a men go moro and seen the place war lots whath filo
	layer_4: he was at sat amen ga moro and seen the place ware lots wite fill a
	layer_6: he was at sotomengamorrow and seeng the place ware lot's waf fill ah
	layer_8: he was at sata men gamorro and seeng the place war lot's wife fell ah
	layer_10: he was at sadam engomoro and seeng the place war lot's wife fell ah
	layer_12: he was at sodam engomoro and seen the place war lot's wife fell ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he wit to the very spot and was there makablss thing af all he seen the pillar of sall watch he wase turned in to
	layer_4: ye says the preature he wint to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seenm the pillar of sal whatch she was tured in to
	layer_6: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was tho remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turnned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and wat's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: ye ser he seen thesul stand in tar to this day
	layer_4: yes sir he seen the sa stand in thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the sat stand in thar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir hes seen the sa stand in thar to this day
	layer_10: yes sir hes seen the sat stand in thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he's seen the sat stand in thar to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what sayshusure rel genawin good soet
	layer_4: what says thhusure rel genawine good salt
	layer_6: what says the husure rel genine good salt
	layer_8: what says the oozer real genowine good salt
	layer_10: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt
	layer_12: what says the hoozer real genoine good salt

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: ye sir a pillero salt jisd is it was witn that wikid womn was ponished for herdeso bediets
	layer_4: yes sir a piller of salt just is it was wetnh that waked woman was ponished for her ds o bediats
	layer_6: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was wen that weked woman was punished for her des obediots
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obediete
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: rihd out on the open air heast
	layer_4: right out in the open air hesed
	layer_6: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had theinbut little of that my nunt and acurt nowly geof the intuir of the cot init whith was recwas it for tedtermination of th probl
	layer_4: we had thin but little of that minunt and acure knowage of the intuior of the contenit which was rek was t for ite termination of the proble
	layer_6: we had then but little of that minnut and accurate knowledge of the interior ofthe continete which was requisit for a determination of the problem
	layer_8: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: savevril deieforet partes wer theirefor orgenis to exam an the various routs supose to be prack ticable wit in the nore than an sethend limits of te  nid stats
	layer_4: saveral difforete parties were therefor orgenis to examind the verious routse suppose to be prac ticable with in the nor than end southern limits of te nie states
	layer_6: several differete parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the nor then end southern limits of theunited states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the onlhi discrimination mad was in the more prop andthorol e quitment of the parities fore the extrem nor then lin and this was only becs that was supposed to bee the mosetiveicult of ex ution of all the servas
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more propt an thorouw ecquipment of the parties for the extramd nor than limne and this was only because that was supposed to beth the mostifficult of execution of all the servas
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parities for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the emost difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: inquarries were mad with regar to ginpowrt wegh sebsquently led to the yuse of a corser rin for aratillery
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard do gon powter wigh seb squently lad to the use of a cour cer rain for ar tilory
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquintly led to the use of a corser rain for ortillery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the ushe of a coarser rain for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser reain for artillery
	layer_12: enquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the use of a coarser rein for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the offisers of thesd ragrmints werehoson partly bas tho lection from those allredy inservoe in the reg of ther ormy ham partly by boint ne tfrom siveal la
	layer_4: the offisers of these ragoments were chosen partly byss thlection from those already in servie in the reguf lheir army anpartly by a point nat from sivial lie
	layer_6: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by a pointmnent from civial live
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: onder in structions rom the praesnint the lhist was theirefor rvset and motifid e in accourence with theis new elmet of jeu crahical tdisterbution
	layer_4: onder instructione fro the presdent the list was therefore revised and motafid he in a cornce with this new element of jecraficul disterbution
	layer_6: onder instructions from the president the list was therefore revized and modified e in accordnce with this new element of geeraphical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of gocraphical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: ater some frther discussion of the question the his ders with dre desatis fid with ther reselt of the inerviu
	layer_4: afteresome further discussion of the question he visders with drew de satisfid wit the result of the interview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visigers withdrew disatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quart omastr general on hearing of this conversation hason to in fore me that it was all hon mhistak at the appot y to the offishad been confounded with his father tho was i well known wig but that he the son was ay demrcret
	layer_4: the quartermastra general onhearing of this conversation hasten to infor me that it was all in mistake at the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was i well knowne wig but that he the sun was a demmercrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastene to enform me that it was all a mistake at the appoite to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake at the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake ant the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: ia sured te general at this was all together him aterial adding that it was anvery pretty quarl as it stood and that i had kno a deire to haf fect t a settle ment of it on any in feriyour issu
	layer_4: iassured the general at this was all thogether him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quaral as it stood and that i had no adesire to aeffect a sebttlement of it on any infuriour issu
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was all together himmaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to affect a settlement of it on any infurior issue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the soultial at to tor s molking  ardydbigc toriin dayse an for somtime lather was curdias
	layer_4: the sucial atityou towers moking aratybic torien dase and for some time later was curius
	layer_6: the social ait u toworsmolking  araribictorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_8: the social attitude towarsmolking aready bictorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attitude towers molking a areay victorian dases and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attitude towers molking aready victorian dase and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: nol miss es crelp heu says i felion us mol ky hmer and sha proly lays a way ol nights
	layer_4: now missus crelp he says i feelion nus mo kin helmor and shall prubly pblays away i'll night
	layer_6: now missus rip he says i feeli us moking huimer and shall probly pblaze away i'll night
	layer_8: now missus crep he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_10: now missus crip he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_12: now missus crilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but t see to whear you ar if he ples thin cace a wonstn
	layer_4: but the seedto where you are if yoew plice tincase at wonto
	layer_6: but the seadto whear you are if you plise in case ave wand y
	layer_8: but the seed wher you are if you please in case ive wound hou
	layer_10: but the sead where you are if you please in case i've wond yo
	layer_12: but the seat where you are if you please in case i've wand you

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the dboorf ss case hoiever wer capolet
	layer_4: the doorstase however were capolet
	layer_6: the dorf'stastes however ir capolit
	layer_8: the dwwrf's tistes however wilrl capol it
	layer_10: the dwarf's tistes however will capel it
	layer_12: the dwarf's tistes however will capil it

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: buts crep en bras whenowthonsl siety
	layer_4: but crel pen brass whenow thiensilsiety
	layer_6: but crelp and bras where now the insolciety
	layer_8: but crelp and brass were now the insociety
	layer_10: but creelp and brass were now the insociety
	layer_12: but creep and brass were now the insociety

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: there wa stofleney l factive opones and the nousersof tobaccl
	layer_4: there was sto pflanyo factive aponise and the noncers of to backl
	layer_6: there was stu flenyofactive aponis and the nouncers of tobacco
	layer_8: there was stu plentyof factive oponis and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there was sto plenty of factive opponets and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there was stu plenty of factive opponets and denouncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one noft the mulsi thistingistr as the grd thewcof waingte who aboman ans moking andhe waston toitd by theing cresel segarst moking a mon alfisers elf the army
	layer_4: one nouf the mulstethistinguisteo was the grid t oco raldting ton who abamin andsmoking ande wastornwoit by tbheing cres el sigars moking amon afisers elf the army
	layer_6: one ouf the most i thistinguist was the grit doko ralington who abomin and smoking and was tenoied by the incrasolf cigars moking among officersef the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguised was the grit dokov walington who abomined and smoking and was anoyed by the increase of cigarsmoking among officers of the army
	layer_10: one of the most of distinguished was the gre dokov waldlington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_12: one of the most lof distinguished was the grid diukov wallington who abomine and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the ladis s hather kingsinfor th abomen theiv all d worlf to baccl and that this trested the man hos mogk
	layer_4: the ladis hather kinsint for th abolmin ie all doworl to backl and tat this trested the man whos moke
	layer_6: the lades hather kinsant for the abolman ef all owirl tobacco and tat tdhis trasted the man whosmoke
	layer_8: the ladies had her kinsant for the aboument ofall duwer f tobacco and the distrusted the man whosemoke
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsint for the aboutment of al duar o tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinscint for the aboutment of al duor of tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: hereous besputhls or thacoris comment ounet chathis tis smolceng vath ethes shou beconsitharder crine
	layer_4: heureis phise poutdos for thacoris commen on ets whathis this smoking bat ite shoul beconsither dtir crine
	layer_6: hereis fist poudos or thacoris com and onits uat is this smoking that its should be concidher de crine
	layer_8: hereis fistpudos orthacriscommon on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime
	layer_10: here is fispoodhos orthackoris common on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime
	layer_12: here is fispoodhos orthack or is common on it what is this smoking that it should be concidered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i belive hin thy heart thothe wemen ha jallus ovit as suf ar wivale
	layer_4: i believe in thy heart that the women a gealles of it as soff o wivle
	layer_6: i believe in my heart hot a women a jeallous of it as suff owival
	layer_8: i believe in my heart hat tae women are jealous of it as suf arwival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suferwival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as sufferwival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ihve the lay agin ththe many lady hwas jest bencind inoe to red the abolld lins las stond the bolke hafter this cofesion of my thathime ust moker and te sacs ohl the vagor reh and he pasis ouns of something else
	layer_4: i've the lay agin thathe manunlady who has jest been kind enough to riat they abot lins la stond the book after this confession ouf mi that ei mus moker and the sase oh the vogo rech and a passes ouwnds of semething else
	layer_6: ive te lay aginie that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to wreat the abouve lines lay stond the bok after this confession of min that i must moker and t sae oh the vauga rech and t pass es ound of something else
	layer_8: i'v delay a guinea that a mann lady who has just been kind enough to reah the aboe lines lay ton the bok after this confession of mine that i mut moker andsae oh the vaulga wrech and passe sounds of something else
	layer_10: i've delay a guinea tht a mann lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays don the buk after this confession of mine that i mus smoker and sae oh the valgar wretch and pass ti sounds of something else
	layer_12: i've delay a guinea that a manun lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the buk after this confession of mine that i mu smoker and sae oh the valgar wretch and pass he sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jermanhe has beemn covfing for th restgr ars fores molks to a man
	layer_4: ger many has een coffing for thres qr years foras mokes to a men
	layer_6: ger many has been cufgfing for three sqoryears fresmokes to a men
	layer_8: germany has been cugfing for three squor iyears fresmokes to a man
	layer_10: germany has been pufgfing for three squore years fhre smokes to a man
	layer_12: germany has been puffing for three squore years fhre smokes to a men

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: show lo cat his progess
	layer_4: sha lo kat his progus
	layer_6: sha luk hat his progress
	layer_8: sha luok at his progress
	layer_10: sha luok at his progress
	layer_12: psha luk at his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the ol dr oft o baccl was not grodinto o therjdoyingl
	layer_4: thust the aldwer of to backa was not brot ingto their doing om
	layer_6: thus the aldwr of tobacka was not brougdt into their joying oom
	layer_8: thus the aldor of tobacco was not brought into their jdawing room
	layer_10: thus the aldur of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room
	layer_12: thus the aldur of tobacco was not brought into their drawing room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: thes turnalis and the boi means wfor mat ather codiers wereabol forf delo the dig case el fassion and s molgin was alwice of feture of their gatherns
	layer_4: thesdurnalice and the booi means wfho mat a ther coders were aboud for delow the dig tasea fashion and smokan wasalwasaf eture of ther gatherins
	layer_6: the sturnalastes and the buigmeans who met at their codiers were about or below the dig pasol fashion and smokin was salways ta feature of their gatherins
	layer_8: thesjournalyce and the buimins who met at their coders were about for below the dig tastsolf fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherons
	layer_10: the journalists and the bogimians who met at their coaders were about for below the dig tasteal fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatherins
	layer_12: the journalistes and the boghimians who met at their coajers were about for below the dig taseal fashion and smoking was always the feature of their gatherins

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: both quinvetoria and the pris consrd e thasteteit soo tlbackl was to boier ever the portorse
	layer_4: both queen victoria and the princ comsord detastedi so tobacka was to boirever the portrs
	layer_6: both queenvictoria and the prince counesor detastet it so tobacco was to bo erever the pourtorse
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince counsor detasted it so tobacco was to bo erever the pourt orce
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consor detested it so tobacco was ta bo wherever the portorse
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consor detested it so tobacco was ta bu wherever the pourtworse

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: a that bery time a telin the mordi of the sakan of sofbtember anthe polian was nanding amone his tros on the pocloning he lokini o the penneiramos bgread of before him
	layer_4: at that very time attellyin the morning of the secenough sufbtember and the polien was nanding a mong his troops un the paclonin hel loking a ther pene ralmos bread out before him
	layer_6: at that very time etelin the morning of the secon off subtember and apoleon was nanding among his troops on the pecloning hel lokining at ther penerramas bradout before him
	layer_8: at that very time italiin the morning of the second of september  napoleon was snanding among his troops on der peclonin heel lokinig at thei panaramus pradt out before him
	layer_10: at that very time itali in the morning off the second of september d napoleon was standing among his troops under poclognin heel lokining at the panaramus spread out before him
	layer_12: at that very time ital in the morning off the second of september  napoleon was standing among his troops under poclognia heel lokining at the panaromus spread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in his selpf the mornyung was magical
	layer_4: the britin eself the mornn was magical
	layer_6: the brighton hisself the mornan was magical
	layer_8: the brighten ist self the mourning was magical
	layer_10: the brighten iself the mourning was magical
	layer_12: the brighten itself the mourning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamasies alwas ready to theis sen upa e vemquised
	layer_4: bu the my clamasese alwhys ready to this send uponte vamquishd
	layer_6: bort thet my clamacius always ready to dessend upon the vamquished
	layer_8: fur that my clemecies always ready to dessend upon the bamquishet
	layer_10: for the miclemese is always ready to descend upon the vanquisht
	layer_12: for the miclemesse is always ready to descend upon the vanquishet

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yedt her she is li out my feet with har godthan domis on ancrowses singllaiting in a twinclly in the sind sn
	layer_4: yet her she is lyg outmy feet with her godean doms an a crowses single lating in at twincllyin the su shi
	layer_6: yet here she is lying on my feet with her goden domes and  crowses single lating in a twincllyn the sunshine
	layer_8: yet here she is lying uno my feet with her golden domes andcrasses single lating in tha twinklelin the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and crausis single lating in the twinkleinn the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying under my feet with her golden domes and acrausis single lating in the twinkleing the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: butn i shel sper her
	layer_4: but i shall spar her
	layer_6: but i shall spar her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the highd ou te curamili yes thearis the cremilin yes i will gve them jus the lous iotushd them the mening of shos of a isation iwill make gen arason soble earst wremember ther congcr with lad
	layer_4: from the hid ou the curamily yes the aries the cramilin yes i will geve them jest e lous iwialtich them the meaning of shus of al ization i will make genaraciongs of boiarse wremember their conqorr with loe
	layer_6: from the hide out the qramily yes the euries the cramili yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of choosiv alization i will make generatins of biars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_8: from the hide ot the cramely yes the eurist the crameln yes i will give them just allows i will teach them the meaning of shucivilization i will make generations of biars remember their conqueror with lad
	layer_10: from the hinde of the cramelyn yes terist the cramelin yes i will give them jest allows i will teach them the meaning of cu civilization i will make generations of bouiars remember their conqueror with laud
	layer_12: from the hinde of the cramelin yes terist te cramelin yes i will give them jest allows i will teach them the meaning of cu civilization i will make generations of buiars remember their conqueror with laud

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ior tel t at thea bltation that idi nout and do knowt desi wor tha thi  ighed e wre only argainst the fouse polas y off their qart thathi lo an the res bacolaisonder and valt  masticll i lecceb termse pes worth fhe lf my soeufian of my putpl
	layer_4: i r tell that that botation that i denot and to nou des i war that i iche tha wr only against the fose polasy off the r qurt thath i lav and the respackalasender and thalt e masical i looceptermsal pece with the of myselt and of my peupl
	layer_6: iu ill tell that thapotation that i dinout and to nout desie war that i awachd the war only against the thouse poliy of the requourt that t i love and the respaca lizander and vhat i mosical i look saptermsof piece worth he of myself and of my people
	layer_8: i will tell hat th apotation that i di nout and do nout desi war that i ewreached the war only against the fase policy of the recort thati love and te respac alezander and vha y masic i look saterms of pece worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_10: i will tell tha thatpotation that i did not and do not desire war that i reach the war only against the false policy of the report that i love and he respact alexandr and that e masico i lok sabterms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell tha the apotation that i did nout and do nout desire war that i reach the war only against the false policy of the report that i love and the respact alexandr and that emasico i lok sabterms of peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at to noth reshd to utyelise the fortnself war to har mllate in nownored monerc
	layer_4: at do not resh to youllylise the fortunself war to hamalat inhownor temonorc
	layer_6: ad du not reach to yudilieze the fortuns elf war to humulagtein onor te monarch
	layer_8: it do not rish to yudilize the fortune s of war to humulate in honour demonarch
	layer_10: it do not wish to udilize the fortune self war to humiliate in honour a monarch
	layer_12: it do not wish to udilize the fortune self war to humiliate in honour d a monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he woul halfe to be te oll ther saing sisome dent men out this wet but gen medg
	layer_4: he woul have to be tote ol the sam sa some dent men out this weet but gent med
	layer_6: he wuld have to be tod a'l the same sa some gentemen of this wheat but jentemed
	layer_8: he would have to be tod a'l the same say some gentleman of thes wheat but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be toded all the same say some gentleman of thes wheagt but gentleman
	layer_12: he would have to be toded all the same says some gentleman of this wheat but gentleman

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: ta singoredpoord ouf the sinknoing gowne folwo and the tos whowre a radis bret out ounthe frn asiesuf mousco no binto the sate to vor collogot and thour gomol of gates
	layer_4: e singo report ou the sinknoling gone folown and the trovs whowre iradis brad out on ty feron esieself mosco mobento the sat ie tovrd coluw goot and thour gomal ofe gates
	layer_6: a single repored out the sinc nolinggano followed and the trof's who were allraddist brad out on theferin asize self moscop movbing to the cati to virvd calougot and dorgamelov gates
	layer_8: a single report out the sinknolinganfoloe and the tros who are araddist bread out on thephrinasize sof mosco movinto the scity to aver koluga and dargameov gates
	layer_10: a single report of the cingno ingano folo and the trooths who are aurais spread out on te phinisize south mosco mov into the city to avert coluga and dargamelev gates
	layer_12: a single report of the cingno lingano foulo and the trooths who are auradis spread out on the phinisize south mosco mov into the cityf to advert coluga and dargamulev gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: he s majur do mo cameiun a sakon time do say e athe fench mel whe the bra the lather fon the cound hise was abr anistoo se him befonly fore minuits and thas some lon from bes it teveswedo had ther cow to as piear t ol take charge up her uspns book ashe her self ass lyving for the consure
	layer_4: he smajur dol mo came iung ne second time to sad tha the fenchmelwhwhe the broaw the latter fom the counthis was aberre anciusto see him e fonly fore minutes and thas some en from besittdeves wedto had the cow to askpir tol take charge ofp her huspanspook asked se herself a sleving for the countered
	layer_6: hesmajor dontmol came ing a second time to say that the frenchman who had te brow the latter fom the countesst was  very ancious to see him ef fonly for minute and thats sume one from basative's wedow had a cow to ask pierr tod take charge of her husbands book asked she herself wa slaving for the counturd
	layer_8: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had a brow the letter fom the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that some one from bazidivs widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book aske she herself was living for the countr
	layer_10: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazidive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the counjur
	layer_12: his majordomo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazidive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book ask she herself was living for the counjur

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: ther was no wyi in the pasit
	layer_4: there was no wyind the passit
	layer_6: there was no lye in the passet
	layer_8: there was no lye in the passeg
	layer_10: there was no lye in the passage
	layer_12: there was no lye in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the hold coaser wastanig adthe frung toor
	layer_4: the hol parser was staning i the frun toor
	layer_6: the hal pauter was standing a the fron door
	layer_8: the hall poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the ha porser was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the hall porser was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: fom the lan they were per stoe ther wasa secin the sar case lingento the back ansoes
	layer_4: from the lan ty awe re per stoo thear wasa second the sar case lingt twoi the back ancos
	layer_6: from the landinwer per stouwd ter was o secondthe sair case ligeit twith he back enches
	layer_8: from the landin where piere stewd there was a second  sarcase lingied with the back enches
	layer_10: from the landing where pierestood there was a second saircase lingit with he back enches
	layer_12: from the landing where pierstood there was a second saircase linit with the back enches

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he woun down to star cason th oaldin to the yard no wo hasee him
	layer_4: he wolnt downg tho starcasten i'ldinto the yard no on has see him
	layer_6: he wouln't down thou stair casan i'llt into the yard no oe ha see him
	layer_8: he went down thou staircason out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he went down tho staircasemen out into the yard no one has see him
	layer_12: he went down tho staircasemen out into the yard no one has seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: whe hee feald that the he wa spe lu k tad hi behaved e likg alsteris wheich hired is had in the boton teir nout o beseen he houn his had am e quikanag his pace ene dow mhistouret
	layer_4: whe hea faial thate he was speing luket ad he behaved a likea alsteris which hihd is had in e busiinon deir nowto be seen he hon his had am quickenig his hace when down thestreet
	layer_6: when he fealed that he was speing luokad he behaved a like a alsterich which hide his had in aputn udter now to be seen he hun his haden quickening his face wen down the street
	layer_8: when he feiled that he was being luokedad he behaved i like a alsterish which hide his head in ta bughnuder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he feilt that he was being luokedad he behaved i like a alsterige which hie his head in ta pucinoder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he felt that he was being luokedad he behaved it like a alsterige which hire his head in ta pucian oder now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the firsta cap im mat in tlled the jlivore to go to the patry ack ponse where the wa the basi deve soulsewos
	layer_4: he har the first a cap hi mad in tel the jiver to go to the patriy ax pons wher the wai te basa teve sose was
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap imetan told the jiver to go to the patriac ponts where the weidow basdeve souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap he met ind told the driver to go to the patriaxpouns where the wedow baz dev's house was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pounse where the wiedo bazdeve's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the driver to go to the patriax pouns where the wido baztieve's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: bhis was the olthanteg cols acx with faehi deves nolsan sqlanations
	layer_4: this was the atentigxscalse ax with bathteves nils an sclanations
	layer_6: this was the authentic sclsh ax with fathtevfe snilse an sclanations
	layer_8: this was the auphentic scallsh ax with pathdeve snils and sclanatios
	layer_10: this was the authentic scalsh ax with pathdeev snuts and xclinations
	layer_12: this was the authentic scalsh ax with pathdeeve snills and ixclinations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he is sadt dve tho dhusted witing table and the havin lave the meners grebefor him open the mol colsetem efinal iprose the a way and he resting his head ow his hand thes senkin to madi cation
	layer_4: he is sat dibe theugh thus tid witing table and the having lave the manus gribyfore him open the mol clolstem he finallypose them a way and ta resting his had o his hand te sanking to madication
	layer_6: he is sett ivd thegh dhus di writing table and the having layv the manus gribefore him open the mal clostom final ipustd them away and arresting his head o his hand t senkin to mandication
	layer_8: he is sat tived theg dus did writing table and having lai the menusgri before him opend the mo close them finally pused them away and rresting his head on his hand senk into mandication
	layer_10: he is set tived the dhus did writing table and having laid the manousgrip before him opened the mouth close them finally pused them away and resting his head on his hand sank into mandication
	layer_12: he is set dive the dhus did writing table and having laid the manusgrip before him opened the mouth closed them finally pused them away and resting his head on his hand senk into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: mackher a laect ovose came e twiced tho the vene shouflig aloghsclashius aft s farese the doo and stoupts an he lokedin grecia tily othe pceer
	layer_4: macker a laxt o vage came utwise thather eveni shoftling alowngah sclasheus ofs fares the doo and stops and the lokedin gricia to ly t the pr
	layer_6: maccer alaxovice came  twice thather evening shuffling alongng his sglasies as farest the dor and stops and ta loked ingritiatly at the pier
	layer_8: maker alexovidgh came twice t othe evening shuffling alongn h sglachious as far ast the door and stops and e looked ingreciatiely at the pierre
	layer_10: makr alextrovitch came twice thother evening shuffling along in his claches as far as the door and stops and loked ingratiatidly at the pierre
	layer_12: makr alextrovitch came twice thother evening shuffling along in his sclachus as far as the door and stops and loked ingratiatidly at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alisersal bou do taclen fr the prseneuw a paento relactent l belafpt a lowihhis fren ask u the the stay an halft
	layer_4: the ovisers wir bowu to taelly for the prisene apparente relactentlf belaft a law wifis frien ask  them the stay and half the
	layer_6: the ovisors wor bow o takela for the princsendu a parentaly relaed entilel be lehed along with his friend ask them to stay and half the
	layer_8: the ovicors werabowed to take lea for the princandeu apparently relaceden tol be left along with his friend ask them to stay and half tea
	layer_10: the obvicers were bowed to take leave fort prince andrew apparently relactent to be left along with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_12: the obvicers were bowed to take leave for prince andrew apparently relactent to be left alon with his friend asked them to stay and have tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sis wil drawtein and he so was tert
	layer_4: sceese will bgrowteing and the sou was tirte
	layer_6: sis were browthen and the soul wosthitu
	layer_8: size were brawthn and the soul wast fite
	layer_10: seazs were brawdine and the soul was thirtine
	layer_12: seis were brawdine and the soul was thirtine

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the alvisirscase is uprie of he purs woagh stoud fbiger andthalizintl hes stolk af pamousicoat and the posiion olf olrarnmy lone wach he had ha breton
	layer_4: the alviserscase wits supprised an a purs hoge stotd thiger and e listento his talk ufp mousicoat and a position of aubrarny long whach he had a breaden
	layer_6: the alvicerscaed with surprised an a peurse whuge staled figere and elisten to his talk ofp amousicoat and ta position olf alberary lunk which he had o breadhen
	layer_8: the alficers case with surprised and a persehuge stalp figure and a listened to his talk of a mousacot and ta position of valberary lok which he had a braden
	layer_10: the olfficers cased with surprised at a perced huge stalv figure anda listen to his talk of tha mousico and the position of albar army long which he had a breden
	layer_12: the olfficers case with surprised at a pierced huge stalv figure and a listen to his talk of tha mousico and the position of alber army long which he had a bredon

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you ender staed the who postecs an noup oer troks
	layer_4: so you entersten the whome posstayce on noup ouwer troks
	layer_6: so you enderstand the whome pusis enouh ouer troks
	layer_8: so you understand the hole posisction o our troops
	layer_10: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_12: so you understand the whole position of our troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being o milli t reman he cani sap end er stothey the foy bu th enter stem the gener r posution
	layer_4: nowt being a millito remen hecanasiaf inder ste they the foy but the entherste the generod posution
	layer_6: now being a millatoryman the cansaavf ender stoow ty t folly byt they enterstand the general posution
	layer_8: now being a military man the canosaf enderstoot i fully buy they understand the general pecuition
	layer_10: not being a military man the cannasseap understood it fully but they understand the general precision
	layer_12: not being a military man the cannasseap understood it fully but they understand the general precision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then youkno o than anyn nh ouse be ad hoyth may ad pris anour
	layer_4: welld then you know mr tha anyin  ouse be ad hoith may sad pris enr
	layer_6: well then you know more that anyone else peed hoit may sad pris endeur
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else pt hot may sad prisc andere
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else pd hot may said prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else pd hoitmay said prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: ta tell me yr a cniou baclay the tolln
	layer_4: a tell me youre o pinia backlad ther tole
	layer_6: a tell me oure apinia baclate thei tolen
	layer_8: and tell me your apenia baclad the toli
	layer_10: and tell me our alpin baclete de toli
	layer_12: and tell me yur alpinia baclate de toli

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: prdoke that t molchum with he comn hi senely insto rok tive slil with wieemeebodyevollen serilyorjliced that alpfeser
	layer_4: cur lok the t malcum with the come his sendily intoraktve s mile with wich amrboly bolunterily orjoace that alpiscer
	layer_6: pere look thatmalcime with the convisendally into rarctive smile with whish amrboy volunterly orjoisd that alpicer
	layer_8: pure look that machim with the conviscenily inter rocative smile with which enmeybody voluntarily orjassed that officer
	layer_10: pure look that malchim with the convdescendily interrogative smile with which everybody voluntarily odress that officer
	layer_12: pure look that malchim with the convescendinly interrogative smile with which everybody voluntarily addressd that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: with elithegai siesesis u ranit hask men te porins it your acsolencey us setin malkc in timigaly ind the cometuneawy turning to glansed hadt iscurnal
	layer_4: whih she e liht egain sinse hi uranity has men the pointe it you er accolencys sati malkcan timigally and the continuallyterning to glanced hat is colonal
	layer_6: which she alight again since hi surranity has me n appointed youere axcellency sat immalcintimigally and te continually eturning to glanced at his colonal
	layer_8: which she alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency sat i mocontimigally and continually tturning to glance at his celonel
	layer_10: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set molcintimigally and continually turning to glance at his cernel
	layer_12: which he alight again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set mocintimigally and continually turning to glance at his kelronel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask ote pr
	layer_4: why so aske f the per
	layer_6: why so ask the per
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the per
	layer_12: why so ask the pear

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the live was his rbeden
	layer_4: the ie was its forbeden
	layer_6: the wie was it pobiden
	layer_8: the wife was it pobiden
	layer_10: the wive was its pobiden
	layer_12: the wie was its pobidden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: as s mol thansxto hecjase the croractlly thathe e frenct myg te out clancus as le had a lars fourses
	layer_4: as sma tanck too he case the crractally that e ba french mighto outlancos as the had alarge forces
	layer_6: as smalnanck too he huged te corractaly that of the french minht aut flancas as they had a large forces
	layer_8: at smalnask too he cudged corractly that of the french might outflankas as they had large forces
	layer_10: at smonensk too he judged correctly that f the french might auflankas as they had large forces
	layer_12: at smonensk too he judged correctly that f the french might altflankas as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the oldterdas to rechret and the ou ioer affors in e loulses wonte fore nothing
	layer_4: the oldteredus to rethreat and th ou oure affors in a lolsiss wol e for nouthing
	layer_6: he oldered us to retreat an  ou our effors in a lowses woln  for nothing
	layer_8: he oderedus to retreat and au our ffors and allowshist wonfor nothing
	layer_10: he odered us to retreat and owl our ffors and allows is wouldn for nothing
	layer_12: he odered us to retreat and oll our forts and allows is woon for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soy the aspen with farclin
	layer_4: sillyth aspen with farclly
	layer_6: silli the aspin with farcly
	layer_8: silly the aspin with farkle
	layer_10: silly the aspin with farkly
	layer_12: silly the aspin with farkely

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: well rust on was well te foring ar could sirmb her and te beusland in a mine ster futho son asthes in danger shoinese one oufer on cin
	layer_4: well ros on was well beforing eir could sirbed her and e be asplan in a miniser fu thout soon a shes indenger shoe nes one ouff her own kin
	layer_6: well rostan was well beforeing er could served her and a eo sgland in aminister furt that soon assheus in danger she nes one ouf her own king
	layer_8: well rassian was well before ing er couldserve her and o be a blad in a minister for as soon as she is in danger she nees one of her own kin
	layer_10: well rassan was well before iner could serve her and be a spland in a minister for as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king
	layer_12: well rassan was well before iner could serve her and be a splan in a minister fort as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and v say his as sco wfoll comander re jing the per
	layer_4: and ty say his a scil fu commander he rujoing the pure
	layer_6: and they say his a skilful commender he rejoin the pur
	layer_8: and they say he is a skillful commander he rejoine the per
	layer_10: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoin the peer
	layer_12: and they say he is a skilful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don' and ther stand tha whatheis mence by asfewpul commander he plithe pris ens u i ronghelin
	layer_4: i don't and their stand what is mente by a scuful commander replied the princ ando i rongicli
	layer_6: i don't und dher stand what is meant by a scuful commander replied th prince anjud irongiclly
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skulful commander replied th prince andrew irongically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skilful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u s ciefol com mander replid e yur
	layer_4: a sceliful commander replyed a per
	layer_6: a scitfull commander repli the per
	layer_8: a skilful commander replid the per
	layer_10: a skilful commander replied the peer
	layer_12: a skilful commander replied the peer

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: pseure lo co the him ious of price
	layer_4: purea lokeather hamis of price
	layer_6: pure lok a the hem ns of price
	layer_8: pure lok ar the hemesst of price
	layer_10: pure lucare the hemmest of prict
	layer_12: pure locare the hemmiest of prict

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yes the saye hot the warics like a game olfs chas heremard
	layer_4: and the yets the save hat the warise like a game of ches her remark
	layer_6: and the yets they sae that the warse like a game off chess he remarked
	layer_8: and yet they save that the warist like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the whars like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_12: and yet they say that the waris like a game of chess he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the ralotervestrens of pothesuf tbk con never benons wor anr on
	layer_4: the ralotevesdrenth of bothis of tup connever benown for anor one
	layer_6: the ralativfe strenth of bodius of tope can never beknown tor aner one
	layer_8: the relative strength of podis of top can never be known tor any one
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodies of toop can never be known to any one
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodies of toop can never be known to any one

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: souxess memver de pans an nevvera will de an om posasion or ecuevemen or vano nenbers and a lestof al on posation bout ow what than
	layer_4: success memver depens ad naevral will depen on position were e queevement wher eve no nembers and a least off alul on possition but oun what than
	layer_6: success memver depencs ad nevera will depen on position were equievement were even o nemberst and a least oufh al on position but on what then
	layer_8: success never depends and never will depend on position where equiavement were even on nembers and at least off all on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equivement or even on nembers and at least of all on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position wher equivement or even on nembers and at least of all on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: oun he ferling bhathasin m and e him hepointedt too tdomouking and e is solser
	layer_4: oun the filing thatas in me and e him he pointede took thi malking and h is soser
	layer_6: aun to feling that asin me and e him he pointed took thi malking and he is soser
	layer_8: ondefeling that isinme and e him he pointed totomalking and he is soldsier
	layer_10: under feeling that is in me and i him he pointed to te malking and he is soldier
	layer_12: under feeling that is in me and i him he pointed to te malking and he is soldier

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the badois one by thosewhoe furmbly resou to wnant
	layer_4: be batois ome by thosewho firmbly resoued o wint
	layer_6: et bao is wone by those who firmly resolved win it
	layer_8: the batte is wone by those who firmly resolved win it
	layer_10: the batthele is swon by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_12: the battele is swon by those who firmly resolve to win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: whye the wiltlost the bater and he ou sbo ters
	layer_4: why they willtls the bater and e ousebleers
	layer_6: why the wildows the batteer and the ouse bullnens
	layer_8: why thewildows the patter and the aucsbullness
	layer_10: why the willows the patter and the olc bulnes
	layer_12: why the willows the patter and the alce bullnes

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: weflous to so lightust won andthe re wone
	layer_4: wef lous o s light us one and  we one
	layer_6: wef loused sil light us on and we wone
	layer_8: wef loust so leght us ron and we wen
	layer_10: weif lost so let us run and we wen
	layer_12: we'f loust so let us run and we wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: bu tomarl wre shino saas
	layer_4: but tomorrol wereshian sanct
	layer_6: but to morol were shinseyent
	layer_8: but to morrow were schinsaant
	layer_10: but to morrow wer chin saant
	layer_12: but to morrow were chinsaants

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: buthou wotha we has to marrl
	layer_4: buta wathat wa hase to marrl
	layer_6: but at what er wait has to morrow
	layer_8: but tt wat a waight has to morrow
	layer_10: but ha wat a weight has to morrow
	layer_12: but a wat a weight has to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the faccase thatatose man tt with whole you hae frithin rrong the pocision nowt only tdo knaw helt mathters bu the hinder
	layer_4: the facktace that a those man tut with whome you have frei den wee roungd the possition now t only do nowhealp mathters but they hinder
	layer_6: the factis that a those man t with whome you have fridhen aroungd the position not only to nol help matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that in those men  with whom you have freden reroungd te position not only to naw help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that in those men with whom you have friden eroungd the position not only to nal help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that in those men with whom you have friden roung the position not only to nal help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: vase thetfh the realsruvfh said to molkin
	layer_4: thasd the trotf the realtrof saidto malkin
	layer_6: vas the truf the real trof sato mulkin
	layer_8: vast the truf the real truf sat to mulkin
	layer_10: vas the truofh the real trofh said to malkiln
	layer_12: vas the trufh the real trufh said to malkiln

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: his now the deyfor that te say
	layer_4: is now the day for thot they say
	layer_6: is now the day for that they say
	layer_8: is now the day for that they say
	layer_10: it's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: it's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: iol wore selent the olpiser srls
	layer_4: ou were selent the olpiser srols
	layer_6: a were selend the olfphicer sros
	layer_8: ow were salend the olficersros
	layer_10: ow were sellent the officerrose
	layer_12: owl were sellent the officers srose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: thesas anseor the prisen or asomly
	layer_4: heesiees anser the prince engdor absinpfhlly
	layer_6: yes es answer the prince enr absenphlly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince andr absenply
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince andreur absenphly
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince andrur absenphly

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: ther franciustis stoie my ho andur aln  lyr wy  of tdi stoy mosicle they hap all thrisd and our oul trisony everymomments thearmot anomins
	layer_4: the franchus tis stoye my home and ar only world o tistoy masical they haf au treast and our autrisogly every moment thearemor anemiens
	layer_6: the fransh has detroyed my home and ar only widol de stroy marsicale they haf autreist and our outrisome every moment theremar animins
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and oaur only widl destroy marsicle they have outristed and our outrison me every moment tr my anemies
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and or only wdl destroy marsacle they have outrised and are outrison me every moment ter ar animies
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and or only wdal destroy musycle they have outroosed and ore outrison me every moment tir mar animies

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: e mylinibhear oll cuiminels
	layer_4: i mi pina br ou qriminals
	layer_6: i my apina ber oul criminals
	layer_8: in my alpenia ber o criminals
	layer_10: in my alpinia br owl criminals
	layer_12: in my alphinia br owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and so  things to malgy and the hollarmin
	layer_4: and so  thinks t malci and the whole armin
	layer_6: and so thinks to malki and the whole arming
	layer_8: and so thinks to malky and the whole arming
	layer_10: and so thinks to malki and the whole arming
	layer_12: and so thinks to malki and the whole arming

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sse the are my fos they can nel be my frienc weltheveberemay hae b e sad e t a tsent
	layer_4: sused the oare my fose they can noth bee my frense whillevver may ha be sad at a tusit
	layer_6: sus the are my fose they cannolt be my friends willever may how be  sad at a tuset
	layer_8: soust theye are my fots they cannot be my friends whalever may hae  sad at a tuset
	layer_10: sooth they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may hae o sad at a tuset
	layer_12: soth they are my foes they cannot be my friends whaever may hae yo sat at a tuset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yesis mother de per locun woith shining eyse ut tha crus anyou
	layer_4: yesus matheredthe pear lokin with shigning eyes at ta prenc andyou
	layer_6: yes s mathere d e per lokin with shining eyes at ha princ and yu
	layer_8: yes yes materede per locimg with shining eyecs at the prince andue
	layer_10: yes yes matterede pier locimg with shining eyes at prince anrew
	layer_12: yes yes mattered he pier locim with shining eyes at  prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the toktous of er rs  of or of sivery ou follak of tost a mersy to the am fourtina te inaso long tei oll rabirt
	layer_4: the talk to oust of a ruosedtof ar of ivery o flacks of touse of mercy to the unfortineteansto ong it o rabish
	layer_6: the tawlk to asauf erused ouf war of chivari o plax of tus of mercy to the anfortinat an so long its tou rabbish
	layer_8: the tak toasaf arus off war of civary of lax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunady and so long ifs ou rabbish
	layer_10: the tactoasaf erustof war of chivalry of flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunadian so long if thou rabbish
	layer_12: the tactuasof erustof war of chivalry of flax of tuth of mercy to the unfortunadian so long if thou rabbish

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the plen ther ofther pepols houlses uso fous claverun and a arsto f ol the kul my cusdren an the my father and dan towk of rose el or and magnimiti to fols
	layer_4: the plander of their prepios holces eu su fals plavor mony and a orset alf ou they kill my cgrend and he my father and dan towk off ruseelf r and magnimites to folse
	layer_6: the plander of their preples hauses useul fals plaver mony and a worstulf ou they kill my children and en my father and dayin talk off ruself fr and magnimiteas to fos
	layer_8: the plander of ther peoples houses sufos plaver muney and wors off fow they kill my children and my father and theyn talk off rueself ar and magnimites to fos
	layer_10: they plander of the peoples houses eusufas clavermony and worst of fow they kill my children and my father and thentalk of ruleself war and magnimitis to folks
	layer_12: they plander of the peoples houses eshufals clavermonny and worst of fow they kill my children and my father and the intalk of ruleself war and magnimities to folks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tate no prissoners by the cl and becl
	layer_4: take no prisoners by the kile and beculd
	layer_6: take no prisoners by the kil and be kiled
	layer_8: take no prirconers buy the keel and bekilled
	layer_10: take no prisoners but the keel and be killed
	layer_12: take no prisoners but the keel and bee killed

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: trse enje who have falderd e was all the same to him whether wee noth mousicgo was tagaan as moutans chade been wa so the yd chacthing his spese bya an spacted te crambus thrult
	layer_4: priece endre who have falteyd o was all the same to him whether were nowt mountica was takan as mowdlencs cadbin woll sothe wyat chackting his spiech by a and spacted a crambis throuoed
	layer_6: prince endrew who have foll id  was ou the same to him whether wer not mousicl was taken a smaulin's chadbein will setherwychacting his spich by a an spacted crambes throaet
	layer_8: prince andrew who have felld it was alt the same to him whether wee nowt mousicl was taken as moulans chad been was sudernly checting his speech by a enspacted crambyes throat
	layer_10: prince andrew who have feld it was all the same to him whether wor not mausicl was taken as maulans had been wis suddenly checeing his speech by an epected crambs throat
	layer_12: prince andrew who have feld it was all the same to him whether wor not mausicl was taken as mautlands had been wors suddenly checkting his speech by an expected crambiis throat

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: he pacetopen down of f you time s in silens bu the hes eyses getor  fivleisly and the hislieves quebrd asa begainspikin
	layer_4: he pased op and duwn af fewt hime sin silens but te his eys gleter fivrisly and the his lefes queeberd as ta begain speking
	layer_6: he paced up and dumb a few times sin silence but t his eyecs gleater fivoeorishly and the his lefs queabered ase ti began speaking
	layer_8: he paiced up and dunb a few times sin silence but  his eyes gleatere fevourishly and  his leefs queebered as it began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and dunb a few times in silence but his eyes gleater feverishly and his leaves quevered as the began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and dunb a few times in silence but his eyes gleater feverishly and his leaves quavered as the began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the one there was a or a ligke vhis on i beo rwor
	layer_4: and the ene there was a ore like this one it bea woar
	layer_6: and the win there was o wur like this one it be  war
	layer_8: and the when there was a wor like this one ito be a war
	layer_10: and t wend there was a war like this one itwoud be a war
	layer_12: and wen there was a war like this one itwould be a war

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: wha this nmeated the four succise on r fare
	layer_4: wha this neted the fore succise in wr fair
	layer_6: whae this needed he for succising wharfair
	layer_8: what this needed tefour succising war far
	layer_10: what is needed a fore succising warfare
	layer_12: what tis needed a fore succising warfare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: an  u spyht ou folul thus it is the hius the cluss rispackted the ba every on
	layer_4: an ue sbide auf oll this it is the high us the closs respacte the by every ane
	layer_6: anu spite aull follo this it is the highast the cluss respacted t by everyone
	layer_8: anou spie affowlow this it is the highest te class respected by everyone
	layer_10: anyu spital fowow this it is the highest e class respected by everyone
	layer_12: anyu spital fowow this it is the highest  class respected by everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: hal dou sco t ha bl lok ae then an te her dem
	layer_4: houtha scot above loke at them anda here them
	layer_6: hodthou scot abovlocat them and heare them
	layer_8: hawdoskut above lok a them and hear them
	layer_10: holdoskad above looke at them and hear them
	layer_12: holdoskad above look at them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeve that i havp beganho untheir sten tomut
	layer_4: i seeve that i hae began to andtheir stand tomuth
	layer_6: i see that i have began to ender stand tomuch
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_10: i see that i have began to understand too much
	layer_12: i see that i have began to understand too much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the thousen dofuor men of cast of the tree of nowlese or go tinteble a wheoli this nowh forlong he addid
	layer_4: and they dosindol for mantof cased of the tree of nowlage orf goo thin  eble ah wel i this nowth fourlong he addid
	layer_6: and the doezn'too for ment ov caste of the tree of knowledge of god andeble ah well it is now fourlong he added
	layer_8: and a dozen tool for ment f case of the tree of knowledge of good and eble ah well it is now  for long he added
	layer_10: and a dozen dool for men tve case of the tree of knowledge of good and evle ah well it is now fore long he added
	layer_12: and a dozen dool for men tve caste of the tree of knowledge of good and evile ah well it is now fore long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho ver yerslllitpy and this time fuo medostlyg
	layer_4: hoever yoursilepy and this time for mejufsle
	layer_6: however your sleve and this time for me jiusleep
	layer_8: however your slevee and this time for me o sleep
	layer_10: however your sleepe and this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleepe and this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: golbac to gorku saidthe prhisangr a suthely
	layer_4: go back to gorkyu said the prnc ender o suternly
	layer_6: go back to gork e said the princse enro suddenly
	layer_8: go back to gorkyi said the prince andro suddenly
	layer_10: go back to gurki said prince androw suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gurki said prince androw suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go gold before bato one nmast ef  wons suly poltf reped prins engel
	layer_4: go god before battle one ntust effl onee slepoth repid princh enje
	layer_6: go gold before battle one tust haffor one solipoth repad princhd enje
	layer_8: go gold before battle one must hae one soleep outh repeate prince andew
	layer_10: go gold before battle one must have r one sleep hout repeated prince andrew
	layer_12: go gold before battle one must have r one sleep hout repeated prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: now he thus molt wanter sur cone cthed
	layer_4: no he dthus nout wn e ure come coded
	layer_6: no he does nolt want hi pure comecuded
	layer_8: no he does not want im pure concuded
	layer_10: no he does not want it pure concluded
	layer_12: now he does not want it pure concluded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i now tothe tsi s arwer las te mton
	layer_4: and i knowt thother thisise ire rlast te meting
	layer_6: and i know thather this is are wr las tometing
	layer_8: and i know that this is ar er last a meeting
	layer_10: and i know that this is a elast o meeting
	layer_12: and i know that this is aelast a meeting

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one picchir sliceti tamother ese vagination
	layer_4: one pike urslicceto a nother as sie magination
	layer_6: one pictursluxceted another inste magination
	layer_8: one picture ssucceeted another ianswr imagination
	layer_10: one picture succeeded another answer imagination
	layer_12: one picture succeeded another answer imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i wone o them the ha drwels hlong and he shrfulad
	layer_4: i oe o them hid dels long and e srfulid
	layer_6: i one out them he dwel along and a srfull it
	layer_8: i wone of them he dwelt long and a sarefullid
	layer_10: i'e won of them he dwelt along and a sore filid
	layer_12: i'v won of them he dwelt long and a sore filid

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his caretdt is get jon cll go mad rat jellicy o folineplectic fits orave his stiricaly
	layer_4: his carract is get joncill go mad wit gealicy orfall inipolectic fits alrave his sturictly
	layer_6: his characters get drank will go mad with jealousy ere fallin epolectic fits all rave histerically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy ere fall in epolectic fits all wrave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epoleptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epoleptic fits or wrave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tolsair ske had had less vision he wouldhve been strinver
	layer_4: if toar ski had had less vision he would hae been strinver
	layer_6: if doeski had had less vision he would have been stringerg
	layer_8: if dauseyrski had had less vision he would have been strinburg
	layer_10: if dorseeski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_12: if dorseeski had had less vision he would have been strinburg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lck them he ason oflisto tortie
	layer_4: lack them he is an ov listof twartue
	layer_6: like them he is inevelest of torture
	layer_8: like them he is anovolist of torture
	layer_10: like them he is a novolist of torture
	layer_12: like them he is a novolist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: ser im mit the lasd hof crlty hlost o thei struction vitistructian sake is the mist conspecuous of the deadly seens anddustrs kis man ind women
	layer_4: cirtan with the last of cruwlty he last tef i struction vit istrupctian sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sens and dostarsgis man an women
	layer_6: certain with the last of cruelty he loste destruction vitestructions sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins and dosteskismen ind women
	layer_8: certain with the last of cruelty the laste destruction foer destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostaskids men and women
	layer_10: certainlyt the lust of cruelty the laste destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseskis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the lust of cruelty the laste destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseeskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: yhe may not the a cro aser
	layer_4: he may not be a cruel ausor
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel autho
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel author

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever ind bellance theyareawasan din an ic o qontles
	layer_4: but they anever in bellence they ereways an diman icla quonflics
	layer_6: but they arnever inbalance they are always in demon ichal quonflics
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflic
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflict

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: iven the lost is nevl  hardle over the lost of a mor less sane man
	layer_4: even the lost is never o hardlyevo the lost of a more lesst san man
	layer_6: even the lost is never o hardlievo the lost of a mora less sane man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly evo the lost of a moreor less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never or hardly ever the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: dhustair ske could not have the squrivde the san of nectaidlf in wreerection
	layer_4: dhustaske could not have the sqribe the sin of neclidilv in redserection
	layer_6: dusteeski could not have desqribe the sin of necladolve in resirection
	layer_8: duseski could not have described the sen of nekladov in redurrection
	layer_10: duseski could not have described the scene of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: duseski could not have described the scene of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: thisis  mad heolse crysseo one intheatis
	layer_4: this is a mad house crissed om one indeitius
	layer_6: this is a madhouse crisd some one indeidius
	layer_8: this is a madhouse cris some one in deitis
	layer_10: this is a madhouse cries some one in dheitias
	layer_12: this is a madhouse cries some one in dheitias

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: whon resoltad thise is anmo to plicity atvaction
	layer_4: won resoltof this is a morta pisity if action
	layer_6: one result of this is a martapicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_10: one result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a mortiplizity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven the ta is ol vaction se mare tan al by des
	layer_4: evn a tak is alv actions mor than a vydeas
	layer_6: even a talk is elv actions more than a videas
	layer_8: even a talk is of actions more than al ideas
	layer_10: even a talk is of actions more than all ideas
	layer_12: even a talk is of actions more than all ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he sos villan dedes not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_4: he so s wilent deds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he sow hs violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_8: he saw is violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_10: he saws violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saws violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notes turing this lus to days that the othr was wari the silvbl watch aony yellaed ba chain which e smns not to hade see n on hum befor
	layer_4: but one had notis turing this last to days that the oter was waring a sylvr watch ouna yellow bad chane which hes seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_6: but one had noticed during this last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which hi seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which he seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he tooka nirufe and when his friendted tend away he apprsed im coutiously from behind tookaime tand his eis heaven ds crost hinsilt and praying fervently gode forgivenmle for cras sake
	layer_4: he took a nife and when his friend ha ternd away he apperorsed hin cautiously from behind took ame turned his eres heaven wods crosed himsilf and praying frvently god forgivenmy for crisst sake
	layer_6: he took a knife and when his friend tad terned away he approced him qautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwoords crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for chris's sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: he never paines everyman he aways prgex stostarv sky or a not mar dost ave sky
	layer_4: he never paints every man he aways projecxts dos toharve sky or a not marrof dost to heavsky
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projects dos tohave ski or a night mar of dostohevbski
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects osthevski or a knightmar of dosteahevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dosteyevski or a nightmare of dostaevski
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dosteyhevski or a nightmare of dosteevski

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crimein pntiment belongsto a loweraingeif fiction than enacrrennena o fathers n sorns
	layer_4: that is wye crimin punishment belong to a lower range offiction than anic arenina o father's and sons
	layer_6: that is whiy crime an punishment belongs to a lower range affiction than ennecarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than ennecerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anecarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anecarenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: wec sm peth irs in daderith the fers the brevoado tha daespair tat succevd the qrime
	layer_4: we simpirthiys indaid with the fears the brevadow that espar that succeive the crim
	layer_6: we sympathise indeeed with the fears the bravado that espaire that succeeded the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotesk mad alive by sher e maganitiveen tensity in pation
	layer_4: he is a gretesk made alive by sheremaginitive in tensity an passion
	layer_6: he is a grotesque made alive by sher imaginitive intensity and passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: wn does not gradgenart e sten ave nomle carcter oto
	layer_4: one does not griginarti  in ave knor mle caracteralto
	layer_6: one does not grugeanartis en avnormal characterorto
	layer_8: one does not grudge an artis in abnormale character orto
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artists in abnormal character or too
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artists in abnormal character or too

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he einvence vitiousgreaters a s dicensd ed vence coite gritests
	layer_4: he invence vicious greates asdicens idvente comit gritests
	layer_6: he inventse vicious greates as dickons advente commic greatests
	layer_8: he invents vicious grotes as dickens advence comic gratests
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotese as dickens idvinced comic gratests
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotess as dickens ivinced comic gratests

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very foned of haning cats and berying them with greit serimany
	layer_4: was very fond of haning cackts and burying them with great seremany
	layer_6: was very forned of hanying caks and barying them with great seremony
	layer_8: was very fond of hanging cacks and buarying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very fond of hanging caks and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging caks and buring them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as fer the carm is oves thensoves he petrase the old father an the odrs of his son's haty ach other and fiting lke brtl maniax
	layer_4: as for the caramis oves ten solves he patrased the oldfather and the oldest of his sons haty ech other and fighting like breettl maniac
	layer_6: as for the caramas oves them solves he petraised the old father and the oldest of his sons hahting each other and fighting like brutomaniax
	layer_8: as for the karamazolvs them selves he bertraysed the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutomaniax
	layer_10: as for the caramazoves themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutamaniacs
	layer_12: as for the caramazolves themselves he petrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: srve him rigt shauded tmetu bresslsly
	layer_4: serf him right shouted t me tud breselessly
	layer_6: serve him right shouted t mitued breastlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demichue breatshlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmicriu breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmiciu breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r haden't killting a come agan an kil him
	layer_4: if a havent kilding ar come again and kill him
	layer_6: if i havn't kilding or come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't kiled him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: it isesy to se whi doustard s g has be come a pokile orer
	layer_4: it is easy to see why dusttareds gi has become of popula ather
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dust dski has become a pocular autha
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dustyski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dustetski has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dusteetski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no mele jow hitist eveypordout inidan tepon the stage fron such a harn of plenty
	layer_4: no melagah mitist evr pordout inciden tupon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_6: no melegamitist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no melogeametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no melodrametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no melodrametist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: dustarscese always ready to show stha molin ant ons
	layer_4: dos taiskys always ready to show the moll inat once
	layer_6: dosteskies always ready to show them all lin at once
	layer_8: dosteskiis always ready to show them all lin at once
	layer_10: dosteskiis always ready to show them all lin at once
	layer_12: dosteoski is always ready to show them all lin at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two oposit pagers of the tias on finds the follow inclarct is brohtin by name generl pornchion prince es at alaydeer eve novene lisidvetter proclfe adn ye hve gany pove lov vit re don sky princesbieal quonscy a glayre prince mishkon collyur ivolgen epllit vl fadis shenu nistausi fl apovene neana ela's en jovter gona tison an general ivogen
	layer_4: on two opporsit pages of the idiot one finds the follow enclarct as broughtin by name general apansion prince es at alaeder evenovne lizivetter procofadnr he have gany pov loveich redonski princess bearlaquansky a glaya princemishcan colliur evolgan ipoelid via fardis chenkor nestaci pilapoveno neenr elesengovne gonia tissin and general iveolgan
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the followengclaract irs brought in by name general aparsion prince ess ada lader ivenovna liza vetter prokophiadna he have genny pav lovitch redonski princess bileloquonski a gleyar princemishkin colir ivolgan ippolit vayo fair dish shanco nestarc pillapovna nina elezanjovna gonia tisten end general i ogan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apachon prince es adaleda ivanovna liziveta prokofhiedna ivgeni pavlovitch redonski princess birelakuonski eglaya prince mihkin calia ivolgan ippolid vaoya fer deschanko nastasa pilapovna nina alexanjovna ganya tistan n general ivogan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apacin prince s adalada ivanovna lizivetta prokofievna ievgeni pavlovitch redonski princess bilalakuonski egleya prince mishkin calia ivolgan ippalit vayia fedishenku nistasia pilipovna nina alexandrovna gana tittin n general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apatin prince s adalada ivanovna lizivetta prokofievna ievgieni pavlovitch redonski princess bilalakuonski eglaya prince mishkin kallia ivolgan ippalit vaya ferdishenku nistasia filipovna nina alexandrovna gania tistin n general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa corild a dosteaarves kis appel i somting more than the mosetithud in threeal of hi sinsidancs in cractes
	layer_4: but the secred hvf dostarve sgise oppeal e somtming more than the motitude and threel of his insid ande and caractois
	layer_6: but the secret of doster fe skizappeal is something more than the multitude in threel of his insidente and characters
	layer_8: but the secret of doster skis appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dostervski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dostervski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: miste mar bordly faces r difoqpuity and attemps tideafinition
	layer_4: misteer marbordly faces e diffiquity and attemps tidefinition
	layer_6: mister marri bordly faces te diffiquity and attempt the definition
	layer_8: mister marry bowdly faces the difficulty and attempts tha definition
	layer_10: mister marry bodley faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_12: mister marry boldley faces the difficulty and attempts the definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to him tostirsk his work is the recort of a great mind seeking for way ove li it is moresan a reckot of a strugle it is vi strugle it self
	layer_4: to him dus ar sk is work is the recort of a great min seeking for away of li it is more than a recort of a struggle it is thestruggle it self
	layer_6: to him dosesk is work is the record of a great mine seeking for a way of lie it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_8: to him doseskhi's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is tho struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_12: to him toseski's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is the struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and those voices take say ensersiant unforgetible fragmens of dilog thet havein spoken by one stirit to another in some ogly meain taven sart in suraunding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take sae incertan unforgetable fraguencs of dilog that have en spokened by one spirite to another in some ugly meain taven sirt in surrounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragments of dyaloge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven certain surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: oltometely they othe creation snot em a man he desied tud b but ovf a spirit whuch sorghk to kn
	layer_4: altimetely they are ther creation snot am aman who desied to be but of a spirit which sourtdto know
	layer_6: ultimately they are ther creations not av a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: becaussair possest they an no longof man and wimen
	layer_4: becausesayrae possessd they ae no longof man and women
	layer_6: because the a possessed they ae no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men in women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men in women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: thi is ollin a meg truru
	layer_4: this is all in ameaser true
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sa th s is not ted eneie th spircth a content of dusterskis work the engui sh of the imprisen sol as at battls wi dout inde nil n dispeir
	layer_4: to say this is notdedenie the spirt a content of dostheyc kis work the anguish of the imprison soul as at battls with dout and anile and despaire
	layer_6: to say this is not to deny the spiruit a content of dosteusk his work the anguish of the impreson soul as it battles with doubt and eniale and despaire
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spirit a content of dosteisk his work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and deniale and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spirit ar content of dosteisk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirit ar content of dosteisk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: theras an osyrsky a suggestion of colyben trying tedisgover some betted gor thanso tabos
	layer_4: ther es in doseesky a suggeston of calibeen trying tod iscover some betterd gor than sotaboes
	layer_6: there is in doseesky a suggestion of calaban trying to discover some better god than sertabos
	layer_8: there is in doseieski a suggestion of caliben trying to discover some better gord than sirtabos
	layer_10: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better goud than sortebos
	layer_12: there is in doseyeski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better goud than sotebos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ol t men attitdod dustisky is is christion ess the aposl petes lohd a elave holpt theow mieumbeliyf
	layer_4: the altimante aditudof dust a sky is as christion as the apporsal petes lord i beleve help thour mihe unmbelief
	layer_6: the aultimante attitude of dustesky is as christian is the apossal peters lord i believe help thou mighe unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dosteski is as christian as the aposl peters lord i believe help thou migne unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of doseeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of doseeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and bey ong the dak nat ave soffori anddisuppating the nigt thustir ski sll sees tha ligt f christhing compassion
	layer_4: and beyon the dark nit have sufering and disipating the night thusar ski still sease the lighte of christiing compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dicipating the night daseski still seas the light of christang compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gaseski still seized the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasseski still seis the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night grasseski still seis the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: to iven by the compassion of othes li prince miskan in the adias
	layer_4: tor even by ther compassion of aothers lice princemiscan in the idiat
	layer_6: ore even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in theidiant
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiont
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiat
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work oluck his face bers the mark of this terble conflet
	layer_4: his work luck his face ters the mark of this terrible conflet
	layer_6: his work like his face beres the mark of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the novls o the perfret emuged ste man
	layer_4: the novls or the perfect emuged thof man
	layer_6: the novels are the perfect imeg at the man
	layer_8: the novels are the perfect image oftof man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect image of thef man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect image of the man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as sr the man himselfh the vecomte dive rl gay descurivdthim mas hes sowr hingin the lasteas of his life
	layer_4: as o the man himself the vecomptedivulgey descried him as his saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vecomtadivevalge described him as hes saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomte de voge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomt de de vougue described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte de de vouguel described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: when he begame excited on a setain point whone could af swarn that one ad sening befo setda ad bention a polacecot awaiting chrile or a mong baga bloancee pasd thet time beging before the prison dos
	layer_4: when he begame excited on a sertain point when could haf swarn that one had sening before seetod n a bention a policecourt awaiting thrile or among bagablonce he pass theit time begging before the prison doos
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point one could have swarn that one had seening before sceated on a bention a police court awaiting trial or among baggerblonc he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons he passed ther time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds ho passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among bagabonds ho passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: at alo the times whe carry that look of sird and gento makness sane on the  miges ofv olldsthevant ecx cntes
	layer_4: ad alovthe times whe caurryed that look of sard and gentl makness sene on the images of olds e vonixcints
	layer_6: at allother times he caurried that look of sard and gentle makness sen on the images of olds te vonic saints
	layer_8: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meakness seen on the images of old stavonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thas s appourthud of the man one sased the hindousarse us nols e porth it one migh lmo sheven irde fron the nobles
	layer_4: thates epportud of the man one cas the hignd dosarcs cis nols ap portit ene might almo s have in fird from the nvles
	layer_6: that is a portude of the man one sees behind do sa oskis novls a port at one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_8: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind daseski's knovels a porcrait one might almost have infered from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosteevski's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosteevski's knovels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a pe gi that it once fassinaites end re pels
	layer_4: it is a figi t at it once fascinites andrepels
	layer_6: it is a fige that iat once facinates endrepells
	layer_8: it is a figure that at once fascinates andrepells
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates endrepells
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates endrepells

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he s not by tempferemen to singa
	layer_4: he is not by temprement to singa
	layer_6: he is not by temperament to singa
	layer_8: he is not by temperament to singar
	layer_10: he is not by temperamen to singer
	layer_12: he is not by temperament to sing er

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: his masai ckus a stirsemo oacs unaeenly mache to gaans his consciousness of nidnit and sto
	layer_4: his mazy is a stillsmol vf oise un evenly matchd togains his consciousness of nidnit and stol
	layer_6: heis masice is a still smal of voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnit and stoll
	layer_8: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stol
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stoll
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unavenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stoll

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: thrut to tell mis ter hardie s ne thi sufficintly aticuit norsofficiently fastitious to be a greate po it
	layer_4: truth to tell mister harty as new the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fistidius to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister hardy is new the sufficiently articulat nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: hit des not expresst lifth aisily inbuti fer word sr an emiges
	layer_4: he does not expressed life asirly in beautiful word s ore an images
	layer_6: he does not expressed life easily in beautiful words or an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words ar in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thu she wrat sen a fand her autter of one who
	layer_4: thus he wrightsen i foand her outther of one who
	layer_6: thus he writsin i found her at there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he rites in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could not p an ugly an mo presay acoud suduration thancs comtaind in th mygdinte last ln
	layer_4: the could not bein ugly and mill presaa could sueration then e containd in the emiyge in the last lin
	layer_6: ther could not be an ugli and will prosei could saduration than is contained in the image in the last lian
	layer_8: there could not be an uglyr and mil prosile oaduration than is contained in the image in the last lin
	layer_10: there could not be an uglier and more presaic eaduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an uglier and more presaic exaduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and prors in tuds in the trs of wrd as wellrs an imiges
	layer_4: and prosin jruds in the tos of word as well rs and images
	layer_6: and prozin jruds in the tocte of words as well as an images
	layer_8: and prose in dudes in the tost of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prose in drudes in the twoaste of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prose in drudes in the twoste of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take for xemple the usa the wrd domasild in the passagei in the same polm atart
	layer_4: take for example the uscathe word domasild in the passage in the same po abhat
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domicild in the passage in the same palm a aut
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when wes strangees sorht thai cater in car vold smileds bespok ther thoughts of wat we wer
	layer_4: when weas stranges sorgt their cater in car vild smiles bespoke their thougt of what we wer
	layer_6: when we is stranges sought their cator in care vailed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when we has strangers sought ther kater in care veiled smiles bespoke ther thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we whos strangers sought ther cater in care veiled smiles bespoke thei thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we os strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering care as and a palling fras
	layer_4: atering care is in a palling fras
	layer_6: atering care is an a pauling prase
	layer_8: ater ing kare is in appalling phrase
	layer_10: kater ind kare is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: kater ind kare is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is a lin of caopoity
	layer_4: is aline of gopolity
	layer_6: is a line of goodpolity
	layer_8: is a line of good pollity
	layer_10: is a line of good polity
	layer_12: is a line of good polity

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yoe did not come and mutching time jew on and wale m non yet los fe losto you da presence ther then that i tu sfan lacking inyou make that hih compassion which coannover ber fwe loctance ftoe pu loving kines sake greve di when is the heor baurstroatid somg yeu did not comg
	layer_4: you did not come and maching time dew on and wal me knom yet los fr lose of your da presentce ther then that i thust fand lacking yin your make bhat highe compassion which can ovea bear reluctance far pu loving kindness sake greeved i when is the hoboaa strotd it som you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet los for los of your dear presence there then that i thus foun lacking oin your make that highr compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieve ie when is the hopboastroked it sum yoeu did not come
	layer_8: yoeu did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved ie when as the hopeour stroked its sum yoeu did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and worme me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeo stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and worme me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hopeo stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hins of the gran stil of ly r it potry in thes lins but frases luck inyoul make and is the hope eu strt itd some a discos thet prnhat tunblin to the livles of e tory and commentlace
	layer_4: there ae hans of the grand sdyle of liric poetry in thise lins but fraises luck in yor make and is the hope ol stroked it sum a discods that perigat tumbling to the levels of ic toryan commontlice
	layer_6: there arehints of the grand style of liric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope our stroked it sum a discors that bringat tumbling to the levels of victorian common place
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope our stroked its sum are discords that bring t tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope ou stroked its sum are discordse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases luck in your make and as the hope ou stroked its sum are discordse that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he has al temperement sensitavd be oun that of olbut a ferastent rites  to the paing impation of hum an bens
	layer_4: he has at temperment sensitived beyon thout of olbut a feurasent ritis to the payin imdpassion of human beings
	layer_6: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of albut a few recent rites to the payn im passion of human beings
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: one cald remembe pall of to pall of his withthe tame that might asily havb survd from mistor hrdy two late christeeno the lost mistress the last rid tigether the statcshu in the bust to name afeu
	layer_4: one can remember pall of te pal of his with a themd that might easily have seurveds fr mister harty two late christiner the lost mistress the last ried together the statu in the bust to name a few
	layer_6: one can remember polme after polm of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy two late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statu and the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served fom mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bost to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bust to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but what i sene of chiump theries and broawnins thrigidies
	layer_4: but whatisence of chiump there is and brownin's tragitis
	layer_6: but what a sense of chiump there is in brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chiump there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in brownineg's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his welld as a placof opulente not u povity
	layer_4: his weld as a placeof opulence not opovity
	layer_6: his weld is a placeovf opulence not of poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: t have lobdden for an all is with branning to live foreveragter in heean heritence ofte mit achevement
	layer_4: to have lobdiden for an al is with brownning to lived forever agfter in the einheritance of a mighty achevement
	layer_6: to have lobeded an for an hour is with browning to live forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_8: to have loved i en for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is worthbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: t ave lod fran oua is in mis te hirdis amugeination to have dapened the sadness even more than the bety of once memoris
	layer_4: to have loged for an hour is in mister harhties a magination to habe dapend de sadness even more than the beauty of one's memoris
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is in mister heardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardey's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then ei undistrusst bey hearts gon caled to me could lonly wraits m and thes rest with a croinimity
	layer_4: for then y undistressd by hearts growng called to me could loarnly wrat my en thes resd with er cuinimity
	layer_6: for then iy undistressed by hearts growng called to me could learnly wat my endess rest with therquanimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts grown cold to me could leonely wait my endlerss rest with ther cuanimity
	layer_10: for then ie undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could leoanely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_12: for then ie undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could loanely wait my endless rest with equanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but tim to make me greve put stils let's part a bid and shake thisfejo fraym at eves wi throbbings of nentid
	layer_4: but time to make me griev part stills lets part a bid and shakes this fajo frame ant eve with throbings of nontid
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part steills lets part a bide and shakes this fajou frame at eave with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this frago frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieave part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragau frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragau frame at eve with throbbings of noontide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and disparys by no mens tyounftance in ad his be haps the mosther chracty of al mysto har is pons the okon
	layer_4: and despairis by no mans chryunphante in wod is perhaps the most at thractive of all mister hard is pams the oxon
	layer_6: and despairis by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hard his paems the oxin
	layer_8: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hrdys poems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardys poems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: ou pitt ould tha meake mile creachens wea ehei drelto thistory phin no did it ae parto one ofusther to dut tho wa nealing then
	layer_4: you pitcturd the mak mile creatus where they drelt in thirs dory pen nor did at apurto one of us ther to doubt thoyehwere nealing then
	layer_6: you pictured the meik miled creatues where they drellt in theirs dory pen nor did rt appare to one of os there to doubt theyh were kneeling then
	layer_8: woe pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: wo pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwealt in their story pen nor did it appear to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the meter fate hellvl orother of e liht in the memoery of fath his not mis teo hod his prvaili mod
	layer_4: the meder faite hoever orather of delight in the memory o faith is not misto hot is preveailing mood
	layer_6: the modo fate hoever or rather of delight in the memoryof faith is not mister heard is prevailing mood
	layer_8: the mod of fate however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardey's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he caln enter rpon a wall ewie tout oranyqould duxs thas wes se in the some men he uch way
	layer_4: he can enter upon a warl withthout iruni quald dacks as wers see in the son men whu mach away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wall withthout aronnicood ducks as we see in the sunmg men who march away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without ironiced ducks as we see in the somg men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the somg men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the somg men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: hor nong he cries in aporme riten soe measagoo
	layer_4: how long he criese in a polm ritten soe mus ago
	layer_6: how long he cries in a polm rittin some yas ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a polm written some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when t o the sana softe polites were o we jdram have sway anach proudland and paturaled t his im gron gordleck scong thesdend bon slaved o rolms but secl ert tan sees
	layer_4: whenchol the sane softev polities where o we dream have sway an each proud land and patuaed is en grong godlick scone o stend bon slaved to roams but circl earth thand sahs
	layer_6: when sh al the sainer softof polities wherealh we dream have sway in each proud land and patredis m growing god lack scorn to staned bon slaved to relms but circle earth and seas
	layer_8: won charl the sano softef polities whereile we dream have sway in each proud land and patrotism growin godlack scornd to stand bon slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the san a softer polities wherea we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlack scorn to stand bonslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the sain a softer polities whereal we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godlacke scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his caracteristigatirched to wars to be found not in lines uk les but in that mell anclly pome the sols ofs the slain in which the sos of the ded solges returnto their country and question as seenioau soflam wis te haw t heir friends indvrelites had kep thed douty dads in re memberance
	layer_4: but perhaps his caracterestig attiched to wars to be found not in lines like les but in that mellancolly pom the souls of the slain in which the sols of the ded solges returne to thir country and question as seniu soflame was tor how their friends and relities have kept their douty dads in rememberance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitue to wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholypom the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returned to their country and question eseniar sol flame is to howr their friends and relities have kept their doubty deeds in rememberance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country ind question asenia soul flame is to how their friends ind relities have kept their dougtye deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question asinio soul flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtye deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question asinio soul flame as to how their friends and relities have kept their doughtye deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and generl her hoed out her s weet harts swon lirl is does
	layer_4: and gener how hod out her sweet hearts sworn lol is does
	layer_6: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as does
	layer_8: and general hol hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doges
	layer_10: an general hewl hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: and general howl hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some ficlind fleetharts a fraundthe new loes
	layer_4: some ficle and fleet hearts a found the new loves
	layer_6: some fickle and fleet hearts ad found them new loves
	layer_8: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_12: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wivs quithen other risinedly dol dayon a deege
	layer_4: and i wives quith en other resunedly dol dey on ourdeeg
	layer_6: and or wives quith another resinedly dulday on our deeds
	layer_8: and our wives quoth another resignedly dul day on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly dule day on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dulle day on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: u s the hirdy has too bet herassense of reeality to beled muchh in the glory of fal
	layer_4: eustehirty has too biterasense of reality do beliee much in the glory of wal
	layer_6: eus tehardy has too biter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of wa
	layer_8: iustehadi has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: ustehardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: usterhardi has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the ererwell to mister hrdy is the wod of anon hum an things in which ware has come to by hitiouserelofvence
	layer_4: the vrea welld to mister harty is the wold of entient human things in which war has come to be  hidius irelivencs
	layer_6: the vearweld to mister hardy is the world of entcient human things in which war has come to be ahideous irelevants
	layer_8: the rarworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_10: the rareworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rareworld to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: i maby toght an the oer hand that mis to hard is pons bout a and n mor ekxpressev of chrudgi frea toity that his pongs about love
	layer_4: it mayby throught ond the over hand that mis to hard is polns bout wal and no more expressive of tragic futility that his pons about love
	layer_6: it maybe thought on the other hand that mister hidhes pons about wal an no more expressive of tragic futility that his pons about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hydeys poens about wall are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pons about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hadey's pomes about wal are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hadey's pomes about wal are no more expressive of tragic futility than his pomes about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: fitolite an fastrotion o ever rycary theems and bot
	layer_4: fut ity and frustration ar ever recary thems and both
	layer_6: futility and frustration are ever recuury themes in both
	layer_8: futility and frustration ar ever recuuring themes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovhrs lack his solges wrut in te groyed de feted of thei gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack his solges rout in the grayd de feeted of ther gory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wrout in the gray defeated of their glory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grey defeated of their glory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grey defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grey defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: lev as ar lwayd seve brothin life andin deat
	layer_4: lovees ae always severed brithing life and indath
	layer_6: lovers are always severed bath in life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in beun dhe las tanp we have the same monfur cry of the severance
	layer_4: in beyon delust thamp we have the same monful cry or the severence
	layer_6: in beondelast tamp we have the same monful cry over severence
	layer_8: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last slamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_12: in beyond the last slamp we have the same mournful cry over severence

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade of piny coua tr o tow while erhinjs we forand my mound and bith in the al stel unteyes one robe never hort attwo greein covagcus
	layer_4: no shade of pinnicool a tree o towe while earthnjies will folre an my mound and beth in the aa steall unt yars one roben never hornt ae two green ovartels
	layer_6: no shade of pinnicoal o tree or tower while earth in jas will fore an my mound and within the our steell unto yours one robbin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_8: no shade of pinnaicole or tree or tower while earth enjaes will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertirres
	layer_10: no shade of pinnical or tree or tower while earth endaws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures
	layer_12: no shade of pinnical or tree or tower while earth enjaws will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covetures

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they brn us faced to face with an expirance intensof than ot one
	layer_4: ther brng as face o face with an experience intensef than ou own
	layer_6: they bring us face to face with an experience intensev than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensive than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experience intensive than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nogthing ho tinous werth hove  eroght ponded pland no om thing skin blame al pras sisthe pal carksu burth of thist nall unit bering blrank sinal ats rayes dellost of dell he dayes
	layer_4: nougthing of tineous orth have i rougt uponded pland no onme thing asking blam al pras since the pale courk slik birth of thistirnal unite baring blangsinale ats rais dullust of dulehurd days
	layer_6: nothing of tinies orth have ive wrought ponded planed no one thing asking blame al prais since the pal cougks like birth of thisdionall unit bearing blank sinal its raiys delist of dullahured days
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planed no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal corks like birth of this diornal unit bearing blanks in all its rays duallist of dulohured days
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corx like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullist of dullahued days
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest birth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corx like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullist of dullahued days

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in one conder of t litleroom can ith forbes squated upone abpeng bwithan emty pin boks hasd carlisly in his lap
	layer_4: in one coner of the little room can ith forbs squated upone apench with an empty piinbox has carelesly in his luap
	layer_6: in bon counder of the little room cenneth forbes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box has carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box had carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dunkan woroked the boiy was busy with his pense but ni ther had spoken for a ties a half
	layer_4: whi dunkin worked the boy was busy with his penses but neither had spoken for atlese a half ar
	layer_6: while dunkin woked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for ait leased a half ar
	layer_8: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at leased a half hou
	layer_10: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_12: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half hour

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then riding sloly up the head e bodow drad his trub bors once mornt asal him and he oneerd of there was not somet pwat upon the brogd a to which he cold li fo ratiod and te the gs had left an lust focood
	layer_4: then riding slowly up the head  bod or road his trubers once more a saile him and he wondere of there was not somes pat upone the brougd up to which he could fli or atiament untl the girs had left anlmust fogood
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the hedge podor road his troubles once more assail him and he wondered if there was not some sport upon the broad ert to which he could fly for atirent unti the girls had left elmirst for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge pord ard road his troubles once more assaile him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for e tiemant until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge bodered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for atiremant until the girls had left elmhurst for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: no ra shide and he looked apteo discover lhat he had menley jun down uf pe des ian astoutlet ho man wit t a bond lunder his om who heal d up one hand as ifte wae lest him
	layer_4: nor ashide and he looked upto discover lhat he had nely gundown ap pidescrian astoutlittl man with a bandeleunder his am who held up one hand as ifte watres him
	layer_6: nor rashide and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to wardesd him
	layer_8: nora shyed and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to worressed him
	layer_10: norah sheyed and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to vorresst him
	layer_12: norah shyed and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to vorresst him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: ee you antochal aske the boy
	layer_4: ved you wont to call asked the boy
	layer_6: verdy want to all asked the boy
	layer_8: wherdo you want to cal asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want a call asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want a call asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same jain has ervar he lesponded worte he shake of his grusitltde head
	layer_4: that is the same jan his ever he lesponded whth t a shake of his grisilledhead
	layer_6: that is the same jane is ever he responded with he shake of his grizeled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with ha shake of his grizzzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dhe eno i saont a horp she te form and i' begtela ase her oagaim they dourme sh's got money
	layer_4: dhe uknow i son a horps shep teformed and i'd bia g lad ase her again they til me sh's gov money
	layer_6: d you knon i sawn a hope shep treformed and i'd big lad as e her again the tel me she's got money
	layer_8: d you know i swn a hope shep peformed and i'd bi glad see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: do you know i saw a hope sheep performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i saw na hope sheep performed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: antins rich anje
	layer_4: ant ans rich unti
	layer_6: auntens wrich untne
	layer_8: auntne'srich antin
	layer_10: antne'srich antine
	layer_12: auntane's rich auntine

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: ecore the mon qriactly what a namlot
	layer_4: acore the mancrickly what you name la
	layer_6: ecore the man creeckly whut you nam lad
	layer_8: ehoe the man queikly wut your name lad
	layer_10: echoed the man quikly put your name lad
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly put your name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don' my gus i ke
	layer_4: don't my gors i dick it
	layer_6: don't my gurs i dickit
	layer_8: don't my gus i dick it
	layer_10: don't my guz i dick it
	layer_12: don't my guz i dick it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: a nother lornws then the boy suddnlyturnd quesno
	layer_4: aneother lown ays then the boy suddenly turned queshno
	layer_6: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questiono
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questionor
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questione
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questione

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: yould no on but mis maric er
	layer_4: you know on ut miss maric si
	layer_6: you know un  missmaic sar
	layer_8: you know un missmaick sir
	layer_10: you know a miss merrick sir
	layer_12: you know an miss merrick sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a yousto when mebrbot youngter
	layer_4: a usto when me bevoath younger
	layer_6: ie u stop when we bevoth younger
	layer_8: i usto when we were oth younger
	layer_10: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_12: i usto when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: ganat stoppdshot and the mastoped and le litten mane whith e woime e goo s mil ad the boyse as daonishment asestod
	layer_4: gan it stoppe shot and the mar stopped and he litten mant with tha wam agootsmileet the bois astonishment alser stoped
	layer_6: cannit stopped shot and the mare stopped and the little mant with the whams a good smile at the boys astonishment allse stopped
	layer_8: kennat stopped shot and the may stopped and the little man with e wime's agood smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: kannet stopped short and the mayr stopped and the little man with a wim'sa good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: kannet stopped short and the mayor stopped and the little man with a wim'sa good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jon meick that me
	layer_4: john malic that me
	layer_6: john melic that me
	layer_8: john melick that me
	layer_10: john medick that me
	layer_12: john medick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was ha dens met
	layer_4: you was atdinsmit
	layer_6: you was a tinsmit
	layer_8: you was a tensmit
	layer_10: you was a tinsmith
	layer_12: you was a tinsmith

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thi ckep crack a here bogoos she suddenly becamerich and a grart laty and thad wash as af rising thing tor hap of too merik
	layer_4: the kept rack of her becus she suddeny became righ and a greatlady and that wish a e prising thing to hap if to o meic
	layer_6: they kept rack of her because she' suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprizing thing to happn to ameic
	layer_8: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a meric
	layer_10: they kept tack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_12: they kept tack of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: thng cyour lad i on the man grafurly i toughtea lit lexesice would doome god but this re mys has seem like tharty to me
	layer_4: thank our lagd et on the man craetfully i thought a littl excice would om god but thisthree milse ha seem like thrty to me
	layer_6: thank your lad retrorn the man cratefully i thought a litte execise would do me good but this three milse has seem like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank your lad returned the man cratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i wit said the mon
	layer_4: i will said the mat
	layer_6: i will said the ma
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boy t ndhe wa but in a moment hileto e gain
	layer_4: the boyte ned a war but in a moment hl t t again
	layer_6: the boy turned awar but in a moment halte again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interesstin this jins brather jeon was excradnaty
	layer_4: his interesed in mis geans brother john was excrodinary
	layer_6: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extrodinary
	layer_8: he's interestid miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: he's interestin miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: he's interestin miss jane's brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: ples litledenged in this quat alemr so ie me ias wod pbeflent fwith the poa chied
	layer_4: plheas little danged in this quartelempture so i me as weuuld be flench with the por chied
	layer_6: ptas little dangerd in this quarter empsiure so i me as wiud be flench with the poor chided
	layer_8: pleas little danger in this quarterl iamp sure so i me as wel ut be lence with the por child
	layer_10: plar s little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well out be frencedwith the poor child
	layer_12: playis little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as wellout be frenchd with the poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: awrino
	layer_4: a wyno
	layer_6: ah whyno
	layer_8: ah why not
	layer_10: ah why not
	layer_12: ah why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: by  esitated
	layer_4: maesitated
	layer_6: met esitdated
	layer_8: mat hesitated
	layer_10: mat hesitated
	layer_12: mat hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor askt e meed o visitter was the firset i have everaseip d frhm me
	layer_4: the leter ask hen me o visither was the first i have ever eceaed forem her
	layer_6: the latter asking me t visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit hor was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but senc she ask me to visit her we jurg she had s oftd and mighte wishe to beconfendly and oaxceptr the inridation
	layer_4: but since he askd me to visit her we jud she hads oftend and might wishe to beconflendy and ta iaccepta the inidation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to becomeflendy and to i accepted the invidation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fendly and so i accepted the invidation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendy and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: shw lhe doo gase wald havele bate tiae in thislor ne ud plecs then one could have e loan
	layer_4: shrely to gas will haveal bedte ime in this lonly o plesce than one could have alone
	layer_6: surly twogois will have a better dtime in this lonel ol place thant one could have alone
	layer_8: surely two gis will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_10: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: or yes she has coodl ek to leis
	layer_4: o yes she has coul ac t teice
	layer_6: oh yes she has collected themic
	layer_8: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_10: oh yes she has collected louise
	layer_12: oh yes she has collected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you me in putttry shl do yes
	layer_4: you mein pareshadoyl yes
	layer_6: you mean patricia doil yes
	layer_8: you mean partricia dol yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia dole yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia dole yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: thet me ma contlord she left out of the rlingement said bet  come
	layer_4: thetn me nma onclod she left out of the arangement said beth come
	layer_6: then we may conclode she left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: then we may conclude she left out of the arrangement said beth came
	layer_10: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth comey
	layer_12: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wal fi fo e ar on chance and fit myghty hard
	layer_4: you wal fied fr yar own chance and fied  mighty hat
	layer_6: you wil fiet for your own chance and five mighty hard
	layer_8: you ill fight for your own chance and fihe mighty hard
	layer_10: you ill fight for your own chance and figte mighty hard
	layer_12: you will fight for your own chance and figte mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: wye mag der cuson i dol frnt unch ives moneyng
	layer_4: why mig dear cousin i do' fwont unchyives money
	layer_6: why myt dear cousin i don't want aun cheive's money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't want aun chief's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chief's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt chief's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mater ani ut ampleoproite for and iae wol y he ar tfian ress for mysal foltues and ticge a quainted with my thead father sistep that is o
	layer_4: my mater ani aut ampleopovided for and im only he ar to findress for my sow shllduties and thicget a quainted with my thed father sistep that is oll
	layer_6: my mother and i are am plyprovided for and i am only heare to find dressh for my social duities and tickitl acquainted with my dead father sister that is all
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties anticket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties antiket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties antiket acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fas the teact is neusi and mothers hos im continuily fo not being ahberedto un in oughtmoney t o keep out of et
	layer_4: my fathateach is music and mother's hase in continually for not being abolre to un inough money to kep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teach is music and mother's hosam continually for not being able to an enough money to keep out of det
	layer_8: my father teachs music and mother's hosum continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother's hoseum continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother's hoseum continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've nowase n o sent of hor mony orthugh fae ther hasktridat di amsto bwar wenough to harppen ight of his diffigolties
	layer_4: we've nevas i no sent of er money orl though farthe has rigtet tiams to bar wenough to happin mouht of is dificalties
	layer_6: we've nevers ehe no sent of her money al though father hast rihtad times to bor wenough to happhinm ut of his difficaulties
	layer_8: we 've never seen n o scent of her money although father has ride at times to bor w enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has triht at times to boorrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has trit at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i ouo'ld kisd heven she ask mye to and he saita shever ald ow my back
	layer_4: i yould kisse hervand she ase me to and it set a shever alld ow my buk
	layer_6: ar you'ld kissed her when she akedme to and it seind a shevwer all down my back
	layer_8: are you'd kissd her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_10: ar youd kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: are youd kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for my bat i amfornd of every one and id telights me te fasit on in wilads and naesis them
	layer_4: for my put i am fornd of every one and i dhilights me to fasirown invilads and asis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am found of every one and i delights me to faseroun in villags and assist them
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of everyone and it dilights me to fastrround in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast round in village and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fast around in villags and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you see your like to cafrin wilits and idont
	layer_4: you seae you like to carefor in wilites and i d ownt
	layer_6: you seay you like to carefor in willetds and i don't
	layer_8: you sa you like to care for in willads and i don't
	layer_10: you sa you like to care for in willads and i don't
	layer_12: you say you like to care for in willids and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: youd cimed do make met thing tyoo dornt a an hers buen you is i'm yous to getit as ia
	layer_4: you climed to make met think you dont one al hers bun you as i amsouse toget it as i ar
	layer_6: you' climed to make meet think you don't wone el hurs buen you as  amouse to get it as i are
	layer_8: you trine to make me think you don't want elheuss bhet you' as i amuse to get it as i am
	layer_10: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhurs wen you're as amused to get it as i am
	layer_12: you're trying to make me think you don't want elhers ben you're as iamused to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: they il me bet salendy
	layer_4: they fhall me bet slenly
	layer_6: they fall me beth sulenly
	layer_8: they fll me bet sullenly
	layer_10: they call me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they call me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i couon dlavein this out of the wa coner of the wagunal
	layer_4: i con'teliveen this out of the wak onoer of the walgona
	layer_6: i coln't  live in this out of the waycornnoer of the walguno
	layer_8: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the wallgyuno
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the wal ju no
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the wal u no

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but's a pore shehis a deor fisistn fet
	layer_4: but s a pou shen neas a dea fa sistan fet
	layer_6: but seppaus she nds attal fr asistant fet
	layer_8: but suppause she needs a deal or assistant fet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs a deal for ssistante fet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs a deal for assistance fet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: luwe seemes to medes det
	layer_4: loue seemed to mededet
	layer_6: louis seemd to mehers det
	layer_8: louise seemed to meee deth
	layer_10: louise seemed to mede deat
	layer_12: louise seemed to med e det

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te mihgd nifiscent astad said beth looking athoo cosin toutfully
	layer_4: it e mae nificent a stat said beth looking at hero kasin toutfully
	layer_6: it' to magnificent i state said beth looking at her cousin toutfully
	layer_8: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shuld re be frent shoe asked lahtly
	layer_4: now shall wbe be frent she aske litly
	layer_6: now shall be be frend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: tor be shr i shald wane itto mihdiar
	layer_4: to be shu i shuld anctelitto mytea
	layer_6: tobesu i shuld want little my dea
	layer_8: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: such a grvde then it had never beein herp ro liged to have tefolr and wren usaspicions wo a garten she begamn fairly has ponceiv and bright en on difully
	layer_4: such a gord then it had never been herpro lige to have before and wen hers aspicions were e goten she begame fairly les poncsi and brightined onderfully
	layer_6: such a gil then it had never been her proviliged to have before and when hersuspicions were forgortten she begame fairly lesponsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to harv before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to herv before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to herv before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said renyane what youe thinkof mi nieces
	layer_4: siless she said reniento what oyou think of myneces
	layer_6: siles she said renienterd what o you think of my neses
	layer_8: silas she said renientod what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said reniantod what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said renienterd what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: the a vay charming gardes he inset ot the otrt n age wren few gaus shorto good aefanpage
	layer_4: the avaryach arming gords he anser or to the oedin age when few gas shor to cood efamtage
	layer_6: they aret very charming girs he answered aolthough the artitn age when few gous show to good efuntage
	layer_8: they are very charming girls he answeres although they are at in age when few girs show to good ad vantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: whisis od not in wite canes to denongin the bory
	layer_4: witis you not in wide kannese to ten ogiin the boy
	layer_6: why is you not invite cennis to denargin the boy
	layer_8: why dis you not invite khennis to denartn the boy
	layer_10: why doeds you not invite khennith to denargin the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite khennith to denargin the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is constofdle saying esagreebr things
	layer_4: he is constily saying te sagreeble things
	layer_6: he is constably saying disagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: bary we said the loyl quiely whichoa my esus deau profer
	layer_4: very wel said the loyo quiely bich youf my ness dyou profer
	layer_6: very well said the lawya quietly ith of my neses du prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lowyer quietly buct of my kniec es du prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my knieces d yo prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my knieces d you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af the wr lady aftropas i cannot sea in sor shot and a quinpes yansert with cravity which to youpbrefigin
	layer_4: askd te are ladis aftropos i cannot sa on sr shot and a quinteds eanserd with cravity which to ou prefegan
	layer_6: ask tyouare ladies after a puse i cannot say on so shot and acquainteds he answered with cravity which de you prefergane
	layer_8: ask your ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short anacquaintans he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: ask you ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: ask you ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the a euly ansa tesfacty sheanwer
	layer_4: the a eauilly an satespactly sheanswer
	layer_6: they a equally und satispactly she answer
	layer_8: they are equally unsatisfactioly she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot i magon an mus thelong ise to ithour sides
	layer_4: i cannot imagin and hust elong is to ethersiles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine elhers belong ins to either sildise
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elhus belonging to either sideacs
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i my see that athanies the wone whol defis ne andte fhe as is to oncs and my si c on tetr
	layer_4: i musee that othanese the vone who defis my and a fewas is to once on my second lettor
	layer_6: i must see that othernis the one who defise me and refuses to ancs on my second leter
	layer_8: i must see that atherneys the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_10: i must see that athernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must see that othernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: therewould be ad dosantasd the fite for my mony anddeare alan hurs wiulh he sw destraingors sheusild thuth bitemess
	layer_4: there would be a dozan ers to fighte for my money and dear al lenhos wurld be sal destrangers shetusulmdt tit pitternss
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs de fight for my money and dear all elhuse woul be so distrangers she resuumed with pitterness
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ollahust would be sol er strangers she resumed with pitterness
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear olelmhurst would be sol to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ollmhurst would be sole to strangers she resumed with bitterness

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the arbut lukone loveers whookan contenthemsevs woith the dilg carryd on and borshoc distencs
	layer_4: the are but luooke ome lovers whoo cen contenthemselves fwith the dilog caried on ad boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the dilog carried on at boshort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the dialoge carried on at bo short distance
	layer_10: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at beoushort distance
	layer_12: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with the dialogue carried on at beaushort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: ifter be ana lis u mon ot it is this
	layer_4: if ther b anelis u monat it is this
	layer_6: if there be an elisumonat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elysu monat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an elysu monat it is this
	layer_12: if there be an elesumonat it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: hit onedaortter his only door do of the besd blat of suthen avistocrecey beu udtofl acomplished every think tho secyur him wus plenderd alans whorlling nightle assination with a hors honto
	layer_4: his own daughter his onlidorter of the best blood of southeren arestercracy beaut tofl accomplished everythink to secyur him was plended alinse holling nightly ascination with a hose huntor
	layer_6: his own daughter his only dauter of the best blod of sothern aristocricy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plended a lins holing nightly a scignation with a hore hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him as plendid alliance holing nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding knightly assination with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could velkonc hed so mache to horokcaprieace since hersting at ham could be nots ad vantage o the cas that had crompd him to the strnd counse
	layer_4: he could welkanseed sow mach to her ka priece since her staing at hom could be no dicadvantage to the couse that had prompened him to the sterand counsl
	layer_6: he could wel con seed so much to her capriece since her staying at home could be no tdisadvantage to the coause that had prompted him to the sterne council
	layer_8: he could well concet so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the couse that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is o vedy none thet this road pasd the hasse andar of cas tid teal caowol at some distance from the huse and on the oppersid side of ti ever
	layer_4: it is all vedy known that this road past the haseendar of casa del colwr at some distance from the house and on the opposed side of the river
	layer_6: it is allready known that this road past the hassiendar of carsa del corrwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road past the hassienda of casadel coro at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road past the hascienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road past the hascienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the cops he es manted leat his haurse in amang thoug underwourd hiched him by lo bink his brildren a anther to mors twiks of in ilasting bore thende daching a long rope of twisted hors her from the forn of his sadl and inserting his am andow it's coy he laideed out tor the ae of the ilingd on that sigd that letowrs the hasyendu
	layer_4: on reaching the cops he desmounted let his horse in amon thou underwoord hitched him by luopink his briled rain aroun tdher top most twiks of in elasting bor then ettaching a long rop of twisted hors her from the horn of his sddl and incserting his arm and o its coil he gligded out to the ech of the islind on that side that le towars the husyenda
	layer_6: on reaching the cops he despounted let his horse in among though underwood hitched him by looping his bridled rain arounte topmosttwigs of an elasting bo then detuching a long rope of twisted horse har from the horn of his saddle and incerting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that sihe that lay towards the hussiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridled rain around the topmost twigs of an elastig boaw then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and o its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassiendar
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassenda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horse hair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hassienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the forpoarseaking the shiad o of the courps he cased a glance towr this gy and met the mon sailing s upremly overlit
	layer_4: thefore orcteacking the shirdow of the corps he cast aglance towar this ky and mathe mon sailing supremily overlit
	layer_6: bhe foure fae saking the shadow of the corpse he castd a glanced toward thi s ky and mat the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_8: beforefore taking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: before foraking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: beforeforsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the drowl concet which har sow offt a neuse the nockdon el in ebriot of cart sitese appot o predus a like afac upon the night ba croler of the praery and fort a morment the shado leat dakoning his brow disupperd
	layer_4: the drowl conceat which ha sow oft emuse the nock donl inebriat of cat cities appyeal to produse a like afact upon the night patroler of the prary and for o morment the shad leat tarckening his broaw disappiard
	layer_6: the drol conceit which has so oft amuse the knockdornal inabriat of greate cities appeare to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the praire and for a moment the shadow lat tarkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_8: the drol conceit which has so oftamused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appear to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow lat darkening his broaw disappeared
	layer_10: the drow conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like effect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his braw disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: tit notlacly at this a unthlessad be the oner of a bag contionto cansly
	layer_4: it not lihely at his are unless at be the hornur of a bag contian to consleep
	layer_6: it's not likely at this aure unless hit be the owrner of a bag conscience wo consleep
	layer_8: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who cant sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: cruft thes on such with in thos walt
	layer_4: crott there's one s uch within thos wallds
	layer_6: croth there's one such within those wals
	layer_8: croth there's one such within those walds
	layer_10: croth there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: kroth there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be a brod thas a good shans of his seeng me u beuorpen drownd not that i should ga e strol ev it woerde on y micseaf to be con frommiced
	layer_4: if he be abroad tha's a good shancs of his seeing me un viopene dround not thar i should gare a strow evit wate on e mieave to be con fromist
	layer_6: if he be abroad thear's a good shance of his sceeing me on beopen ground not that i should care estraw if it wer only my celve to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open grouned not that i should cared a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on bhe open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: its now us rating upon the mor deu stacr
	layer_4: its now use waiting upon the morn dusetayke
	layer_6: it's no use wating upon the mon dustake
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moondesteaker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the moon destaker
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the mondestaker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it is rew he had desins ufpon the hasy ender but thesedid not contibplat eiter itscash flet or jolly ifbe excep the morstpresshas jula condeind the mistless of the mancion horsesf
	layer_4: it istruew he had desians upon the husy ender but these did not contibplat either itscash flat or julry if be accept the more spracius julit conteind the mistress of the manchiin her sef
	layer_6: it is true he had designs upon the hassiender but these did not conteplate either atscash flate or jewlry if we accept the more s precious jewel it contained the mistress of the manchiin her sef
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassiender but these did not contemplate either at scash plat or jewelery if we accept the moe precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either at scash flate or jewelery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hascienda but these did not contemplate either at scash flate or jewelery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he taey a gainashorw of fewdis and came up the gadale whele i thend reided he was a perently with out any bis meste ots afport him but he sawn becae acquainted would my son tomise with hom he hanted fuor a long dime and made his home with him at my houes rentorocamon and he can toneutd his day
	layer_4: he taried hat gainasar of few daiys and came up the gado whelel i then resided he was aparantly without any busimisstafots afport him but he son became acquainted with my suntomise with whom he hunted fora long time and mad his whome with him at my house wantercame on and he continut his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at gennashor of few daiys and came up the gado whele i then resided he was apparently without any businiss thar wotes apport him but he soon became acquainted with my sn thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house bwinter came on and he continued his day
	layer_8: he tarried at genasha a few days and came up tho gado whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my saon thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his tay
	layer_10: he tarried at genishar a few days and came up to gado where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my san thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he tarried at genishaw a few days and came up to gado where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my san thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hasbeen be noin that he shoul felse o blow if he ratad tho chr the rdeor apeated insinterrcretod and wen downdorheve uter his cacted
	layer_4: the endraged husban wel noing that he should feel obloow if he waited to har the oder rappated instancy re cretid and went town tr eveteor his cate
	layer_6: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order rapbeated instantly recreated and went down th rever to his catle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly recreated and went down the river to his catle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: weprotacted the poori manti colk woman and gave hervictuus and alinsim pe tdized withherd in her missportuont tis tring when heor hus bin gcame to her onolei his formaleraors and lat he had abuse o her withoutacouse prar misterd afomation and sheeaseved him with every mark ofvi  i neuwl of her offection
	layer_4: weprotectid the poor  manticoalk woman and gave hervectuals and allinsympatized with her in her missportunt tispring when her husbeen came to her acnowlishd his formarerres and that he had abused her without acause prow mister eformation and che recived him withevery mark of e re neull of her offection
	layer_6: we protected the poor manticok woman and gave her victuals an alen simpatized with her in her misportunes ti spring when her husband came to her acknolisged his former erhars and that he had abused her without a cause pror mister reformation and she received him with every mark of  renewl of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor manticoak woman and gave her victuals and allen sympatized with her in her misfortunes til spring when her husband came to her acknowleged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised er reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor n antiq ak woman and gave her victuals and allyn sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised er deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor anantiq ak woman and gave her victuals and allyn sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised her deformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indiant was s an ansard by the a maricen offiser that the won om was scoardge theaxcetid and thateacontinuinc of bece was ardincyrishfor
	layer_4: the indianc warse son ansered by the american offica that the wanquome wash scoud the accepted and that a continuanc of bece was ardency wishefor
	layer_6: the indiance werse soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwom wos codily accepted and that a continuancs of piace was ardency wished for
	layer_8: the indians wese soon answered by the american officer that the wonkwum was coardily accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonquum was sqordily accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wonquum was sqordily accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardenty wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my sundormis wrend with them with eilin's hore and caurry the good
	layer_4: my sundormis wrent with them with islen's horse and carret the good
	layer_6: my santormis went with them with asland's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san tomis went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with ilan's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: asin un findingmat is enimes ad gon caim back to my house were he lived as befor but of his ri down they weas swon not to fite my argrr and netes whom maded r shelaamsy with i s mo bat ty of indions came oan to tdace him
	layer_4: aslin onfindingthat his enemies ad gone came barck to my house where he lived as before but of is dre torne they wase sol not to fitat nyagra and nettils who maried reselarramsy with his mol party of indians came ont to tak him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they weare soon not tofi at niagra and nettls who married ricelaramsa with the smal party of indians came ount to take him
	layer_8: alyn on findingthat his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they wese soon notifid at niagra and nettles who married ricela ramse with the small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: alyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married briscella ramse with a small party of indians came ount to take him
	layer_12: alyn on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagra and nettles who married briscella ramse with a small party of indians came out to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: natls alength abandin the ches wend hom and alin alendatteors camien
	layer_4: nettls at length abandin the chase went hom and allin allen tators camein
	layer_6: nettls at length abandon the chase went home and alan all an tathers came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and alan al andatas came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen olin dattes came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen olin dattes came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: bya raning in the ward his lore thing had become torn indeags to tat he wash an asaffering condition or was naked
	layer_4: by runing in the wood his clowthing had become torn intelags to that he wash an a suffring condition or was nakid
	layer_6: by rundning in the woods his clothing had become tone into lags to that he was in a suffering condition ol mos naked
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made his trouses himseaf and then bt alafht on which he wet nown teriver to his onplass atmorn mordice
	layer_4: ilin made his trousos himself and hen bile alaughdt on which he wet dowthe rever to his own tlasce at mont morice
	layer_6: alan made his trouses himself and then bilt olaught on which he went dowbn the river to his own place at mount morics
	layer_8: alland made his trouses himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount maris
	layer_10: alyn made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris
	layer_12: alyn made his trousers himself and then built a raught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and indin gave himsumeresshment anacouod gone with which he hased and on to litted berdsdown bry he found his cor
	layer_4: there and in in gave him some erfeshment anda good gun with which he hased in on to little beardstown bet he found his cour
	layer_6: there an inant gave him some refleshment and a good gun with which he hastened on tho little beards town where he found his cor
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little biards down where he found his cop
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his corp
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his corps

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not darling to lis comsel at tat plys forfr of bein giveno hemeate here but a shart visit and cim imediay to gardl
	layer_4: not daring to ris conselfathat plece for fir of being given up he mate her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_6: not daing to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardo

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love of libody however added to his naturas rifness gave himsufficionstrenct to makus esca to his formal casl of safty
	layer_4: the love o liboty however ided to his naturas ifness gave himsufficien strenct to make his ascape to his formal casal of safety
	layer_6: the love of liborty however added to his natura's fiffness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formel casle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liberty however aded to his natural s swiffness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formel casitle of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formel casile of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his puse u as came immeditly tomy house wheat le expected to have ound him secreted and onde my fordection
	layer_4: his pussu as came immedietely to my house wh the expected to have found him secreted and under mi radection
	layer_6: his possues came immediately to my house wher thy expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_8: his pussus came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his pussus came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his pussus came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stoo lansathefied and outing myv wirt asity the advicet my indiinbrother to uws his infouencetoo drof from me the se could of his consulment which they had midead shat i consithut of gradimpartns nor only do him but tomy ses i pe siste t in my ggniins of hisituation and finilesyalet me
	layer_4: stlansatisfihd and outing my varacity the advise my indian brother to ous his infuence to draf from me the see cult of his concelment which they had nideathat i considaut of drat emportonse nor only to him but to mysess i pess sisted in my agnarance of his ituation and finyleasaaleft me
	layer_6: stillan satisfied andoubting my viracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the seecet of his concelment which they had an idea that i considout of great importantse no only to him but to mycess i parssisted in my ignorance of his situation and finalys e eleft me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secet of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance nort only to him but to my self i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally s he a left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally as he left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied undoubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally as he left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cemp to my hous ind the night and o warlkne with the great est cotion ering that some of his anemes might by watching to th ake him as adime wen and in o place ware itf old be impwasiblefor him to make his ascap
	layer_4: he came to my house in the night and a walk ne with he gratestcaution feerling that some of his enemies might be watching to theyk him at a time wen and in opplace where it would be impassible for him to make his ascape
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awalkme with a greatest caution ferling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that dime ilin la in a se cret placs in the gutse a shorke distancs above my ladts in a whoa that he ax idently found in the rok ne otheirever
	layer_4: at that time alen lay in a seecret place in the guts a short tdistanc above my flat in a whole hat he accedently found in the rok neaothe rever
	layer_6: at that time aslandlay in a secret place in the gurts a short distance above my flats in a whole that he accidently found in the rok near the river
	layer_8: at that time island lay in a secret place in the gulf a short distance above my flat in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in a gulf a short distance above my flat in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in a gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lof grads heal fest after fiest selleriting a wars thy had rece for the campan and made expeditions tor al mos tdivis a asserthiand cowre lin no hungarian who herd receatly open areston deare with garvses witosies
	layer_4: the povlov grads held feased after feasd sellebrating a wars they had received for the campain and made expeditions to al mots diviser assertian car line na hungerion who had recently open res jron dear with girles e's witrsies
	layer_6: the provlov grads held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaigne and made expeditions to all mots divissit a certain caroling te hungerian who had recently open a restuonder with girls as waitrosses
	layer_8: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots do visit a certain caroline the hungyrian who had recently open a resturaon der with girls as itroces
	layer_10: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots to visit a certain caroline the hungerian who had recently opened a restaurant der with girls as witrices
	layer_12: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating a wars they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots to visit a certain caroline the hungerian who had recently opened a restaurant deere with girls as witrices

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garset mete ter whol mars a hiff on o plajutrip purading they lainliness and disupln
	layer_4: the gardsed mede theire whole march as hif on a plasure trip perading they clainlyness and dicipplan
	layer_6: the guards had meedt their whole march as if on a pleasure trip prading theiy clainliness and discipline
	layer_8: the guards had madte their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleainliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the reciumatshaitd entd and lefe tetoene with their bans plei and by the granjues ordurs de men had marched all he we in stap a practis an wirs the gars praidyd themselfs the officrs on fots and otheir proper porse
	layer_4: the regiman s had entwored and lef te tone with their band's pleaing and by the gran jukes orders demen had marched all the we an step a practis on which tho gars praidyd themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_6: the regiments had entwered and left the tone with their bands pleaing and by the grandike's orders themen had marched all the wy and step a practie on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper pouse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left ta tone with their bands pleeing and by the granducke's orders the men had marched all the wa and step a practice on which the guards praided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porste
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left e tone with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left ta tone with their bands pleeing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards praded themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bora sad been corcerts a had marshet all the we with bar who was aority incomind ovf a company
	layer_4: bora shad beeng quarcerds and had marched all the we with brke who was oredy incomind of a company
	layer_6: borras had been quarserds and had marched all the wa with burk who was already in commind of a company
	layer_8: boris had been quarsered and had marched all the wa with burk who was already in commind of a company
	layer_10: boras had been carterd and had marched all the wy with berke who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: boros had been cuarterd and had marched all the way with berge who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: bor os jur ing to campan had midy aquintens of mary parsons who mi profuseul to him and by aelesto af recumendatiuon he had bro from piear had becomequenty wit princ andre bol consky though whom he hoked to ob teen apposet on the commandran che stuff
	layer_4: borros during the campein had medy acquentine of many persons who might provusful to him and by a lestor af recumendation he had brough rom per had become aquenty with prince andrew bolle consky though whom he hopked to obten a porsd on the commandren chief stuff
	layer_6: borras during the campin had made tye acquintonce of many parsons who might proveuseful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pier had become a queinty with prince andrew ballconsky though whom he hopped to obten a porsed on the commandrand chief staff
	layer_8: borras during the campign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from piere had become acquinte with prince andrew balkonsky thogh whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commanderan chief staff
	layer_10: borras during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff
	layer_12: borras during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: burk and boras havrting rested af tr yesidtes march were sising cleen andnedly dresst at a rownteble in teclen quarters a loted to them plain ches
	layer_4: burk and boris hudding rested after yesed iese march were siting clen and needly dressd at a roun table indeclen quarters a loted to them plan chess
	layer_6: burk and boras having rested after yestodye's march were sitting clean ad needly dressed at a round teeble in de clean quarters a loty to them plainchess
	layer_8: burk and borris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: burgke and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: burge and borus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how r you egwen stogissers of thats heu remart
	layer_4: well howare you gin to gettert of that's he remart
	layer_6: well how are you going to get ut of thats he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at that momente door opens
	layer_4: at that moment the door opent
	layer_6: at that moment the door opend
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: deyr me hi you hae cshagsed
	layer_4: dear me har you have chaged
	layer_6: dear me how you have chaged
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he wsabot o inbrace his frens but necles a vyded her
	layer_4: he was aboe to imbrace his friends but nicless avoided hem
	layer_6: he was about to embraze his friends but nickoles avoided herm
	layer_8: he was about to embraize his friends but nicholas avoided hem
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: hoe want i apensh him pust hom do anothing but issom a thing everbodhy dod
	layer_4: he want e opins him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody dod
	layer_6: he wanted to pench him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_8: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not was standy ne sporse inbraced toim an a quite friendly we an kist him threetimes
	layer_4: but not wastanding ne sporas in braced om an a quite friendly we in kissed him three times
	layer_6: but not withstanding nese spors embraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ne sborrius embraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding less borrius embraced him and a quiet friendly wi and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding less borrus embraced him and a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not mat fornealin half r yer an bing rt the age wen young mentite i forstaps ond lafcte rod et saw imn hangees in the other quit n du reflation of the sesciety ind whers the hat takonos forsteps
	layer_4: they had not mat for nealyn half  year and bing of the age when young mantet a first steps and lafes rod each saw immand changees an the other quite a new reflaction of the society in whercs they hadtaken nes firt steps
	layer_6: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young man tit tha first steps and lifes rud each saw imenged changes in the other quate a new reflection of the society in which they hadtaken ows first steps
	layer_8: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tite their first steps and lifesrods each saw immened chinges in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on liferods each saw imense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tit their first steps on liferods each saw imense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i di not expeu tode hei ieds
	layer_4: i did not expautid y he added
	layer_6: i did not expet yu to dy he added
	layer_8: i did not expet you today he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you to day he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you to day he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you no of courset his impearlial higness rod withou redgimen all the time so that we atd every conmfort t an every atdvontige
	layer_4: you know of course at his imperlial higness rod with our redgiman all the time so that we had every conmfort in every advantiage
	layer_6: yeu know of course at his impelial highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every conmfort in every advantage
	layer_8: you know of course that his imperial highness rue with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness rured with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rured with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resetions we had in polens
	layer_4: what reseptions we had impolens
	layer_6: what receptions we had inpolans
	layer_8: what receptions we had inpoulanse
	layer_10: what receptions we had in porlans
	layer_12: what receptions we had in porlands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_4: what dinners an balles i can't tell you
	layer_6: what dinners an balls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: ol you gard said rost off i say sevpa some whin
	layer_4: o you gard said rostoff i say sevasome wine
	layer_6: o you guard said rostoff i say sever some wine
	layer_8: o you guard said rostov i say saver some wine
	layer_10: o you guard said rostov i say saver some wine
	layer_12: oh you guard said rostov i say saver some wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he wen t wo is bed drewh aparsemon do the cleen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_4: he went two his bed drew a parsa on dtor the cleen pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a partom undeor the cleam pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsm under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsem under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsem under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sin i have som money n olesrs togif u he ades
	layer_4: yes ind i have some money an olettes to give you he addies
	layer_6: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he addes
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in o letters to give you he addeds
	layer_10: yes and i have some money and o letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money and ol letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: all don't mantion at kont i quait hund de ston said bok getting up in speak an a murfoldind gottra vice
	layer_4: ol don't mentionit count i quate understan said bok getting up in speaking and a muffledan godterl voice
	layer_6: 'll don't mentionat cont i quaite understand said boke getting up in speaking an a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at cont i quite understand said bogue getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutteral voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled an gattural voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled angattural voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gour cros tou arhose they invitidyou ided borase
	layer_4: gor trosst to or horse they invited you ided boris
	layer_6: gorcrosstou our horse they invited you aded borus
	layer_8: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boris
	layer_10: gorcross to our horse they invited you added boras
	layer_12: gor cross to our horse they invited you added boras

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: burk pit ondthe cheenest hof cous withoi t a spot or spack of dust stid befor a looking glass and brushed to here on his temples ut wors and the way affatey by ther amper allegxinder and having insurtahimself rom tha wa rost of looke tatets that his couted be notest lefte romer the plasat smile
	layer_4: burk bit on theclenest of couts withou a spot or spack of dost stid before a looking glass and brushed te here on his temples upwords ind the wy a factyd by the empero allexinder and having in sured himself from the wa rost of looktatit that his corthed bee notist lefte room of the plasat smile
	layer_6: burk bit on the clenest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stoid before a looking glass and brushed the hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emper allexander and having insured himself from the way rost off lookt atit that his court had bee noticed left the room of the plasent smile
	layer_8: berg pit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushd ta hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked atite that his court had been noticed left the room of the plasant smile
	layer_10: berg pit on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of the pleasant smile
	layer_12: berkput on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed a hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his court had been noticed left the room of the pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: ol dear was a bese ta or muttee rostor fac yo red de laster why
	layer_4: o dear was a beas y o mutted rostof hacy read telater why
	layer_6: oh dear was a beast i am muttered rostoff ase he red the latter why
	layer_8: oh dear wats a beast i a muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostoph as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sank gaveoi afor so wi alright lase have so
	layer_4: well have you senk geabrial for som whide al right lace have som
	layer_6: well have you sent geabrie for some whide all roght lase have some
	layer_8: well have you sent gebrie for some wite all right lace have some
	layer_10: well have you sent geabriel for some wit all right teyce have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some wight al right theyce have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eleftifrom his parencs was inclsethe leto of recumendation to begretion wherehs the old crontarsat anamecaolovnesadvice had obten thru an aquintencs and sento her son askkeim tiku to is deastinetion and meke usof it
	layer_4: and telesto from his parence was inclused the let of recumendetion to bygretion whichs te old coontaires id anamicallovness advice had obten thrug an acquentence and sent to her son askim dotik it to is deastinition and mek use of it
	layer_6: in he lesster from his parents was enclosed the letter of recomendetion to bagrician which the old cuntersad anamical lovnas's advice had obtain thrugh an acquintance and sent to her son askihime to take it to its destination and mak use of it
	layer_8: in the letter from his parents was ienclosed ha letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countese at anamicalovna's advice had obtained throgh an acquaintance and sent to her son askinghim to take it to its destinetion and make use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess ad anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bagrecian which the old countess ad anna micalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: why ivf yo fhrow noat away asporse
	layer_4: why ive yo throw not away asked boris
	layer_6: why have you throw nat away asked borus
	layer_8: why have you throw that away asked barrus
	layer_10: why have yo thrown that away asked barus
	layer_12: why have you thrown that away asked borus

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: iti some leter reck menda shoen what the devel to i wontiv for
	layer_4: it is somebleter of reckminde shound what th devill to i want ite for
	layer_6: it is some letter of recomindetion what the devil do i want it for
	layer_8: it is some letter of recomendetioan what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he loked ontently unin quianly ito his frends es evid ant y trynin vene to find the answi to som question
	layer_4: he luked intently uninquiranly into his friends eyes evidently trying in ven to find the ancwe o some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquirintly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently andinquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which hou be lieveit konts i was nost ert shall ar larmd his i knew i wash righte
	layer_4: which yoe believe it counts i was not a tol ar larmed whos i knew i was riht
	layer_6: widh you believe it coun't i was not a tall a larmed whos i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed ase i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed cause i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed cause i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i cen for wart tirksto dup and should how he presanted himself with his hand t who his cap and really it wouldha ben difficlt for a fast express greature spect and self complacencse than hisded
	layer_4: i ceme forwart burks tood up and shoured how he presanted himself with his hand twho his cap and really it would hae been difficult for a face to express greatto respect and self complacencey then hisded
	layer_6: i came forward berkstood up and shoud how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have ben difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than hisdid
	layer_8: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacancy than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berk stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stomdat me ese sing as stond and stome and stomd
	layer_4: well he stormed it me ese sing is stormed and stormed and stomed
	layer_6: well he stormed at me as the sying is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_8: well he starmed at me as the saying is starmed and starmed and starmed
	layer_10: well he starmed at me as the saying is stalmed and starlmed and stalmed
	layer_12: well he starmed at me as the saying is stalmed and stalmed and stalmed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it was not a mat of life but ratr of death a sthe seng as
	layer_4: it was not e mater of life but rahe of death as the siing es
	layer_6: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seingis
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seeng is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seeng is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i'l bedians and deveals an two sy be ario said bark with a sugatious smil
	layer_4: i'll badians and devals and two si beria said burk with a segatious smile
	layer_6: ilbedians and devils and two cibiria said burg with a sagicious smile
	layer_8: albedians and devils and two cibria said burg with a cagacious smile
	layer_10: albedians and devils and two siberia said burg with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albedians and devils and two siberia said berg with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: still i remeins silent at what you thin cot
	layer_4: still i remein silent at what o you think cout
	layer_6: still i remaned silent at what do you think coat
	layer_8: still i remaind silent ad what do you think koat
	layer_10: still i remained silent ad what do you think koat
	layer_12: still i remained silent and what do you think koat

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the nake stay it was not yvin menstin an the ardes of stodey
	layer_4: the nex stay it was not ieveinmentiond in the ordeice of the ty
	layer_6: the next dy it was not even mentione in the orders of the dea
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dee
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the dee

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thats the war cot said bark liting his pip and y miting rings af smok
	layer_4: that's the wa coant said barg lating his pipe and imitting rings af smolk
	layer_6: that's the wacoant said burg liting his pipe and emitting rings ar smalk
	layer_8: that's the we coat said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk
	layer_10: that's the wee cont said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk
	layer_12: that's the wee cont said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smolk

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yres that was fins id rostof smily
	layer_4: yese that was fains ind rostoff smilyng
	layer_6: yes that was fins in rostoff smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine saind rostofv smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drust ot with a chrisfall young mane and wid a no i cte have taldthe de liperat li
	layer_4: rost o with a chrousfull young man and wid or know a cat hae told he deliperat lif
	layer_6: rosto with a truseful young man and wit o knew ar caite have told the deliperate lie
	layer_8: rosto with a truceful young man and wit on noa cait have told the deliberate lie
	layer_10: rostov with a truteful young man and wud on nua cait have tol the deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostof with a truteful young man and wut on nua cait have tol the deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storit menin to tet e er thin jusesat happent tbe impercetsibly involl un terly and inevitibly heloapes tince af falsout
	layer_4: he began his storite menig to tell ever thinng jusses at happened bet imperocetibly invallunterrily an inevitably he lapes ant o falsuit
	layer_6: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as at happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he alapsed in to falsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falseuit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falseuit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince andre who lighto help youn man was flathere by be as for hes essistancs and ben wel dhe spos to warse borus who had manished to ple semdo debefore he wishd to dyo what youn mon wantiet
	layer_4: prince andrew who light to help young man was flatteed by beeng aske for hes assistence and being well dispose towars borus who had manished to ple simdeda before he wished to doo what hyoung man anted
	layer_6: prince andrew who light to help young men was flatted by being asked for his assistance and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to please him theday before he wished to doe what the young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards borras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: ispaht o prince andges dicugryablre i ronical ton i spate of the contamt with which rostoff from hisfiting army point of yu regarded aleaseletl agitentce on the stag of hom the new come er was evidanly one rosto felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_4: is spate a prince andrews dissegreeabore i ronical ton ispate of the contame with which rostoff from his faigting army point of iew regarded al these little agitance on de staff of hem the new comemo was evidently one rostof felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_6: ins spate of prince andres disagreeaboe aronical tun in spate of the content with which rost off from his fating army point of view regarded all these little agitants on the staff of hom the new comer was evidently one rost off felt confused bulushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable i ronical ton in spite of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused belushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently won rostof felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor sin quied what nwse ther might be oun destaf and watcs withou indiscression one my askabyt ur plins
	layer_4: bor as in quire what newse there might be un dherstaff and wate with ouh indiscression one mght askaboutur plins
	layer_6: borrus inquired what news there might be undestaff and wat withou indiscretion one miyght ask about our plans
	layer_8: borus inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one maygt ask about our plans
	layer_10: boras inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one maght ask about our plans
	layer_12: borus inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one maght ask about our plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shal promibly advanse replied bo cosky evitently relouct etd to seem more in e presence of i strangere
	layer_4: we shall promably advandce replied bocosket evidently relucted to seem more and the presence of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall probably advance replied bokosqi evidently relucted to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently relucted to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bokoski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to seem more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: brctat the opprtunite tor ask with grea polighteness whre ther aswas reemord the elioins o foriage monee to captaence of compani s woh be doubled
	layer_4: burkctat the opportunity to ask with gret poligteness where ther as was rumers the elowins of forage money to captaincs of companies whu be doubled
	layer_6: berked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherethert as was rumouresd the allowance of forige money to captaince of companies wore be doubled
	layer_8: burked at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forige money to captains of companies woule be doubled
	layer_10: burket ok the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: burke tok the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was  thear sid rost of angrel as if intendi to in sult the i decump
	layer_4: i was ster sid rost of andgral as if intendyg to in solt the i decamp
	layer_6: i wash ster said rostovf angrily as if intending to insult the ad decamp
	layer_8: i was stere said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: wrthe sligntly contentyus smy olnl he said yes that i many stoiyes nog toldthor wat thattar fere
	layer_4: with a slintly contemptous smion he said yes that i many storyes no tall he bat that tafer
	layer_6: with a slointly contemptus smile he said yes that i many stories no tall he bout that effeare
	layer_8: with a slightly contemptus smile he said yes that a many stories no tald aboat that affear
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories no taldabout that affeair
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that a many stories no taldarbout that affeair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but ourstoryes of the stois of man who hapen onter the enmys fire
	layer_4: but our storyes of the stories of men who habein unde the eni's fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the eney's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: orstoris have som wits not likedthe stloriyes of thous fellows on the staff who get rewas owithiute doin inethin
	layer_4: ir storyes halve some weet not like the stlhories of thst fellows on the staff who get rewas without doing enothing
	layer_6: our stories hale some wheat not like the stlories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wheat not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: however he adet risy you no my neam and wer o fin me be dogt foget tha i do not regad i the my self or you as having beni sall in sulteds and as a man al tof than you my had vcees tillat the mattr drop
	layer_4: however he added risi you know my name and were to fin me bedoon't forget thet i donot regod either myself or you as having been a toll in saltid and as ta man oall ter than you my hadvic es tol it the matter drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me bu don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insalted and as a man alder than you my advicees tollet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man olther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclame prince aundre and was a bohtof them borth he wentot
	layer_4: excleam prince oundroew and with a boaut to them borth he went ot
	layer_6: exclaim prince audrew and with a bowt of them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and with a boat of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: a d he was stol more an ret having o mite tos sairs
	layer_4: and he was stell more angret having a mitty to sairs
	layer_6: and he was stell more angrid having ermitty to sers
	layer_8: and he was still more angriy at having omited to ses
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to ciz
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to ciz

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he ardet his herse at os and coldly tekunleverbors rog hom
	layer_4: he arded his harse at ons and caldly takhing leave a boras rod home
	layer_6: he ardered his hearse at once and coldly taking leave a boras rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leaverbars rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave af bars rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bors rode home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shod he gao to had quarctes noke ty and chaln iged ther af fated agitent a raly let the matter drop was the quession hat woi d him all the we
	layer_4: should he gost to headquartes noxty and chalnlige that affated agitent ar realy let the matter drop wats de cquession that woayd him all the we
	layer_6: should he go toheadquartes nextdy and chalege that affated agitant or really let the mater drop was the question that waeied him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to headquarters nexdy and chalenge that affated adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waaihed him all the we
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and chalnge that affeted adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the wee
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affeted adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that waried him all the wee

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was lons ins ur rusto shaid nes of nicuse
	layer_4: it was longs incserosto sad news of nichlus
	layer_6: it was long sin serostos had news of nicklas
	layer_8: it was long sinc ser rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since  rostofs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since  rostofs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not soll mit wen ter was the contat last handed a later a dressten his suns hand rity
	layer_4: not till midwinter was the contat last handid aleter ad dresst an his sons hand ratyn
	layer_6: not tilmidwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed an his son's handwriting
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receiving its he ranon tip t  to his study an alarm and hast trind to uscep notes clost te door and beginto red deleter
	layer_4: on receiving its he ranon tipt t to his study and a larm and haste tringd to oescpe noteus closed the door and begin to redeletter
	layer_6: on receiving its he ran on tep tu to his study ind alarm and haste trying to rescape notice close the door and began to redoletter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the latter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tip toe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash ting tat these hense begun to mee the tontes anxius and she glinset un easilly at the tont and it animecollonow the lasste very adroitly turned de comnversation to insignifvicet maters
	layer_4: each tie that these hence begun to meee the contes anxious and she glancsed uneasilly at the cont and it ane mi collovno the latte very addroytly turnede convercetion to insignificant matters
	layer_6: each tine that these hence began to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anni micalovno the later very adroyedly torned te conversetion to ensignificante matters
	layer_8: each time that these hents begun to meet the contese anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikolovno the latter very adroyedly tourned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroetly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the cont and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroietly turned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: buet for goht sea be kerefuor you kno hord me affect your mamer
	layer_4: but for god sea be kare folr you know hert me affect your mama
	layer_6: but forgod se be kareful you know hoat me affect your mamma
	layer_8: but for god's sa be careful you know her int me affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sake be careful you know her int may affect your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's sake be careful you know her int may affect your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no a my swo ward of oner said theta shr crussing herself i wat tell any one
	layer_4: no al my thre ward of honour said the tasha crussing herself i want tell anyone
	layer_6: no an my true ward of honour said the tasha crussing herself i wont tell anyone
	layer_8: no ar my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_10: no ae my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_12: no are my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ind she rano at wose thoe son your
	layer_4: and she ran off at once to sownyu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonyu
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonyo
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonio
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonio

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: shewrushed to swin yor haukdhe and begand to cry
	layer_4: she arushed to sownyar howked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed to tonye hawrked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sona hurked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushed to sonia harked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonia harked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: is too the all you wemen ucri ba be sh art pettyure paisseng the romith laige recil ait stridts
	layer_4: its too the all you women o crabebie shor ark petur pissing the roomat lage reselte strits
	layer_6: it's to the all you women ar cra bebies fre marke pettu pessing the room at large resolate strates
	layer_8: it's tro thet ol you women are cray bibies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_10: it's tro that ol you women are creybebies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's tro that ol you women are craybebies remarked petya pessing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: youre al blubers an an distan nothin
	layer_4: youre all bluberis and andestand nothing
	layer_6: you're all blubberers and undirstand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubbers and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubbers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tashous smyle throug he ters
	layer_4: the tashious smile through her tears
	layer_6: nhetashas smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashus smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natashus smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natashus smile through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what naste brits the or
	layer_4: what nasty brits the are
	layer_6: what nasty brits the ar
	layer_8: what nasty bruts the are
	layer_10: what nasty bruts thee are
	layer_12: what nasty bruts thee are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: holdiyou tunpitter what a gi s you are
	layer_4: hold your tomepte what a gose you are
	layer_6: hold your tonme pito what a goush you are
	layer_8: hold your tonguepito what a gooshe you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue pito what a goose you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue pito what a goose you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: son you smiles do i remembern ty cluss
	layer_4: sonyu smileds do i remembern ly cluss
	layer_6: sona smileds do i rememberdly cluss
	layer_8: sonia smiles do i rememberdle cluss
	layer_10: sonya smile do i remember ne clus
	layer_12: sonya smiles do i remember leklus

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i damembee nicalling to too i rmember him well she said
	layer_4: i damember nicollying to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i amember nicholeng to two i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nicholnta two i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nicholnta two i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember niccolnta two i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut hereis
	layer_4: no she shut her ise
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she fel that soun yore was speaking ta truth that thet wars such love a suur was speaking off
	layer_4: she felt that son ya wae speaking to truth that thet worst such love a sonyoar were speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya was speaking tho truth that theye was such love a sonya wers speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: she pelieved a could be bet did no undestindits
	layer_4: she believed at could be but did not understand it
	layer_6: she believed it could be but did not understand its
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: sha you wriht to him she ast
	layer_4: shal you wrat to him she asked
	layer_6: shall you rate to him she asked
	layer_8: shall you wraite to him she asked
	layer_10: shall you write to hem she asked
	layer_12: shall you write to hem she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: na that he was al ready an officir and a wounded hero wuldit be rito remint him a forself and asit mighte seeme of the opligations to howr he had taken on himself
	layer_4: ne that he was already an officer and a winded hero would it be right to remint him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: now that he was already an officer and i winded hero would it be rite to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wunded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i tot kno
	layer_4: i don't know
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: su ous smileds no
	layer_4: soyu smiles no
	layer_6: soa smiles no
	layer_8: saoia smiles no
	layer_10: saya smiles no
	layer_12: sayo smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is beconseshe was an loe withoat fat on his spet tocals that was or pituare descryed his ne amseak the new co bos ucof and now shes an loewiththu singr he med nmatashes ittalin seen master dhat sw shes ta shened
	layer_4: is becaone she was an loe withthat fat one is specticales that wash ho piture discreed his nam stik the new counte bisucoff and now she's an love with tut singer he mednatashes ittalan segm master that' swie shes ta shened
	layer_6: it's because she was in love withthat fat one is spectacles that was tho peture descryed his nemsack the new cout bazukofv and now she's in love with thoat singer he med natashes italian singing master that swhite she's asheaned
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pictur descred his namesake the new cout bazukov and now she's in love with that singer he mede natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pita described his namesake the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he met natash's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was her pita described his namesake the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he met natashe's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pit yur youra scuped said he tase
	layer_4: pet you'r asthupired said e tatha
	layer_6: petu you'rastupid said natata
	layer_8: petio you're a stupid said nataha
	layer_10: petyo youre stupid said natasha
	layer_12: petyo you're stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the conctesshait bee prepeared by uneme colov ness heas at dennor
	layer_4: the conters had been propeared by anemy coloveness hedse at denne
	layer_6: the countess had been prepeared by anamicalovnous heans at denne
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anami kalovna's henzs at denno
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by ana mikalovna's hents at deno
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by ana mikalovna's hents at deno

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: o retiring to her orn room she satin an armshre her eys sixs t on imanuth apportriete oever sun on the lid of a snufgf boks while the tears kept comin into her es
	layer_4: on retiring to her on room she sat id an arm cheer her eyes fixd on i minuarepportrate hof er son on the lid of a snuf boxs while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a minuture portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm cheer her eyes fixed on a minature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cots pritis er tof the ke hal and lisstend
	layer_4: the conts pret is ear to the kyhol and lessent
	layer_6: the cots prut his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_8: the cot prut his ear to the key hol and listened
	layer_10: the caots put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_12: the caots put his ear to the key hole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at firs e heard tor sond of indifferent voicies then anamy caloveine's voce alon an a long speech then a cry then silaens then blethfoice ies together with glid intinations and then fouot steps
	layer_4: at first thy heard de sond of indifferent voicies then anammy calovenes's voice alon an a long speech then a cry then silence then both foices together with glid intineations and then foot steps
	layer_6: at first he heard a suned of indifferent voicies then anemmica luvnar's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then footsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annemikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then annamikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: and enmbe olovnor open thedoor
	layer_4: and en me caloveno opene the door
	layer_6: andimi calovne opened the door
	layer_8: animi kalovna opened the door
	layer_10: animi kalovna opened the door
	layer_12: animi kalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: when she herddes sonyar blushed so that ers kim into her eys and un abill to bear the logs turned epon her ranaway ainto the dansin hal whor o d rindet at fhil speed with har dress poft otle caboloun and flushed and smily pluped dine ondeflor
	layer_4: when she hardtiss sona blushed so that ters kimeinto her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hal where owd rind it at fill speed with her dreass pofdoutly cabaloone and flushed and smiling pluped done ondthefloor
	layer_6: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lokes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall where od rindit at fill speed with her dreasse puffed outly ca balloon and flushed and smiling plupped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at fll speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the lukes turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirld round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the con ters was craing
	layer_4: the contest was crying
	layer_6: the contes was crying
	layer_8: the contess was crying
	layer_10: the contess was crying
	layer_12: the countess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: forom o he says on should be gladea not cry
	layer_4: from aw he sayis one should beglad id not cry
	layer_6: from a he says one shou be glad did not cry
	layer_8: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he says one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charminly he desgrybe said she reding to discript of partoithe leter and wat a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he descrab said she readding the discrept ive part of the letter and what a sol
	layer_6: how charmingly he discribe said she reading the discriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he describesd said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i al wes said wen he was ony so hig i all was said
	layer_4: i alwase said when he was only so high i all was said
	layer_6: i alweys said when he was only so high i allways said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i have een toled that misthervembrant is inpreson for det a said
	layer_4: i hav been told that mister vembran is in presin for debt i said
	layer_6: i hav been told that mister vambrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister vanbrant is in prison for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister vanbrandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i sol fomi self las night that he hd lefh  you hoplesce
	layer_4: and i sol from yself last knight that he had left you hopelesse
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hopeless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepeless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepeless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you hepeless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: ciltaf me the little money he had with him when he was arested she rejoin satly
	layer_4: in efh me the little money he had with him when he was arested she recjoined sadly
	layer_6: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: h left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his creo crettitrs an mord to blaindan he is for the poverty that his fall an onus
	layer_4: his cruel creditors are more to blanedin he is for the poverty that his fallen on us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to bland hand he is for the poverty that has fallenon us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blan han he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to blamd than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to blamd than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even thiss naggetent tofensof then brat stone me to the quik i oht to have boken wore gartesly of him my said beterly
	layer_4: even this negedenet to fence of tan brappet stung me to the quick i oughto have spoken more gardedly of him my sad biterly
	layer_6: even this neggident defense of van brappe stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negadant defense ofe enbrap stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negadant defence of anbrapt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more eguardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negadant defence of vanbrampt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more eguardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i oto haver memberd that ar wiomin cin for gav almost any rong than a man can in siofton her when hers an man whom she lees
	layer_4: i out to have hrmembered that are woman kin forgive almost any rong than a man can an sift on her when he as and man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that ar woman kin forgive almost any wrong than a man can en slift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can enclift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can enflift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can enflift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplet her heand on my meuth and stoptneg tefor i could sayiny more
	layer_4: she plet her hand o my mouth and stopp mny before i could say any more
	layer_6: she plut her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: haking usepiak so crulas ima she ast
	layer_4: hagking yousepeak so cruly so me she asked
	layer_6: how kang you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confestithyou the laset me wy met you know thet my heart in secrit is all yors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confest it  you the last thome we met you know that my heart in secret is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last thime we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what brong a you tapking o
	layer_4: what brong are you taking ogh
	layer_6: what brong are you talking of
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rog a suffered wen van bratmaride ne with a wife living at the tin and living sti
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van brantmaried me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married me with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: d yous think i canover forget the great asortion of my life the misfortan that hus madge me ounmore the of you
	layer_4: do ou think i canoter foraget the greatnesfortion of my life the missfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_6: do you think i cannever forget the great mesfortion of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortun of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it is no falt of mine god nows but it his not the les true that i am not mrd and that the little jarling wo was plig out ther with her dal as my child
	layer_4: it is no falt of mind god knows but it is not the lesst true that i am not maried and that the little jarling who was plaing out ther with her dall os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll o's my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playng out there with her doll ils my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who wis playing out there with her doll ios my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who wis playing out there with her doll is my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and yu taolk of my bein your wae noing tat the chald exceps me ans her secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your waife noing that the chilld exceptsme as her second father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child eccepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be buetter and happbyar for us boh if you hat as little pried as if chilt prid she repete
	layer_4: it would be butter and hapyar for us both if you hat as little pried as a child pried she repete
	layer_6: it would be better in hapier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a position ats mygme
	layer_4: in such a position as minte
	layer_6: in such a position as mine
	layer_8: in such a position as mine
	layer_10: in such a position as mine
	layer_12: in such a position as mine

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: a helpless womin with the mok usten in prisen for det
	layer_4: a helpless woman with te mok husbeen in prison for det
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: ant ight to mary you fom my fhet an shelter
	layer_4: and i to marry you for my fod an shalt er
	layer_6: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: and mi to mary you becausers now lowful ti that byi ancs me to the father f my child
	layer_4: and migh to mary you because thers no lawfule ti that by ince me to the father of my child
	layer_6: and i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that buyancs me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: but is he s he is not for sakcon me he his been force taway
	layer_4: bout is he is he has not for sakan me he has been forced away
	layer_6: bod as he is he is not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsakin me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: my oanwy frend is tit possible that you thinkte ungray full anough to consen to be yar wie
	layer_4: miht onwy friend is it possible that you think e ungraful enough to consent to be ar wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the womin an mi cituation must be heartles ndeed whookould dastrorour plase in the astimation of th e world in the regart of e friencs
	layer_4: the woman in mi situation must be heartless indeed who coud distroy oer place ind the estimation of the world in the regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of you friends
	layer_8: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world ind the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: theugh recedes cpreatur thout raxsistredso wohic rink from triding ouan thot way
	layer_4: thei rechedis creature that walk ustreeds which sringk from triding you in that way
	layer_6: the wrechedouce creature that walks the streeds woulch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the retchedouse creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedoss creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedoss creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: nl whatter mhen made of
	layer_4: o what er men made of
	layer_6: noh what ar men made of
	layer_8: no what are men made of
	layer_10: no what are men made of
	layer_12: no what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: hom can you hrw tango speak of ic
	layer_4: how can you hol cang you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a yeul died and spoke if it no moare
	layer_4: a yul did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yelded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yielded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wor she uttered only incres my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and wost
	layer_4: every word she uttered anly incrased my admiration of the noble creature whom i ve had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom ie had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: bitterly as i haded te man wim a parteduts and loe r dearly anough to be even kapeble of palping him for her sake hoeless invachuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who adparted us a loved her dearly enough to be even capable of halping him for her sake hopeless ianvatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: i don't do ni i dont excusit hoplesse ind baturation you hav for given me i said
	layer_4: i don't deniet i don't excuseit hopeless ind fatuation you have horgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless invatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat me deserof to be forgiven
	layer_4: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it as somthingtto beyar on friend
	layer_4: it as something to be ar only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plons for the huchur tell me unreservedle how i can help ou
	layer_4: you must have plans wor the uture tell me unreservidly how i can hepe you
	layer_6: you must have plauns for the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_8: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: conpled te good work that yu hade begon she answer gratfully helt me backt to heul
	layer_4: compled the good work that you havd tbegun she answer gratfully help me back to heulth
	layer_6: conplede the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: nak me straginouf to suidmit to adocters estimet of mychantsmffliving fer someyarset
	layer_4: nake me strong en ough to submit to adoctors estiment of my chantis of living for som yearsyet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to adoctor's estimite of my chancis of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a doctrs astimate of your chancees ofvliving i repetid wha dyou meean
	layer_4: a doctor's astimate of your chances of living i repeted what d you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i hardly now had tel ou she said without sbeking again of misterv en brent
	layer_4: i hardly know had to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know howd to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeaking of hime agaan min speacing of histet y ast
	layer_4: tespeaking of him again nean speaking of his teat sy ast
	layer_6: des peaking of him again mean speaking of his debtsi ased
	layer_8: des speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: does speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: dos speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: why me to huaditet
	layer_4: why me dyo huditat
	layer_6: why ma yo hed itate
	layer_8: why mea you hude eteaped
	layer_10: why mead o heditate
	layer_12: why mean u heditat

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know thet teres nothing hiv wl not dou to aleave yoor ing sitys
	layer_4: you know that thereis nothing i will not do to aleave your en sietye
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to releave your insietye
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to elieve your anxiety
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: noher lat we tellyu the ptlan t ru
	layer_4: nogfer let me tell you te plain trou
	layer_6: never let me tell you a plain trufh
	layer_8: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you a plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you a plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: theer ais as serius nissusite fer his geting out of pristen
	layer_4: there is asserious nesesita for his getting out of prison
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes dhisis his pusition in to worts a littale walsencshe a tained an exclen offer of in ploiman abrod trom ma rich rella tive ef his and heahad man all his arangemens to xcuptict
	layer_4: yes this is his position in two woreds a little while sence he attained an eccelland offer of in ploimen abroad from a rich rellitive of his and he had main all his arangemens to ecceptit
	layer_6: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he abtained an excellent offer of employnment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had man all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sinse he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had maine all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had madne all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: ihapaly he ereturnto tellni of as goidforton and as saime day he was arested fordet
	layer_4: an happily he returne to tell me of is good fortun and as same day he was arested for dept
	layer_6: anhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for dept
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this nard that had been set for her wits plaingle reovield in toust warwords
	layer_4: thisnari that had been set for her with cplainly reveeld in thos fwarwords
	layer_6: the snarr that had been set for her witsh plainly revealed in those fworwords
	layer_8: the snar that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those for words
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ei of the la she was of courses a sengdge woman she was af age she was to allantens and perpases her own mistress
	layer_4: in the ee of the la she was of course asingle woman she was of atge she was to all entensin perposes her own mistress
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there toderevront her from aind shuring herlifef if shepleas and fromso toisposing of the indshurans as sty gid fan bret a to rect intrist in her deah
	layer_4: what was there to grevrent her from inshuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns as to give fambra a de rect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to grevent her from enshuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurns as to give fampera a direct interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to revent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give fampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampra a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happe axcidern of myphisithion the one certain way a prtecting her la asonly with he mareach
	layer_4: thinks to the happy acciden of myposition the one certain way a protecting her lay easanly with the myreach
	layer_6: things to the happy accident of my position the one certain way af protecting her lay easinly with tin my reach
	layer_8: thinks to the happy accident of my position thoe one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offor to len the scondrwl the mony that he woarnted en an ours notis an he was amanto excepmi rposea quit tis asily as i coucd maket
	layer_4: i could offer to len the scoundrl the money that he wanted an an ouris notis and he was aman to except my preposal quite is easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted ant an hours notice and he was aman to except my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scundrel the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was ta man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you ar quit mas stiken i replid
	layer_4: you are quite missdaken ereplied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: i amaoly doubing whetheyor plime her releaving nistherven bront of his in barsmence is quites assimplase suppos
	layer_4: i am oly doubting whethery our plime for relieving nistur van brant of his embarasments is quites ef simpolasy suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your pline for relieving nistur van brant of his embarrassments is quite she symple oshe suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plinm for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i youawere of te delays that ar likely to take place befor able ye pcossible to bar monying epalice ov and shurantc
	layer_4: ar you awere of the dela that or likely to take place before ibile he possible to barw money oin a policy of in surncs
	layer_6: are you aware of the delaye that are likely to take place before it will be possible to barow money on yourpolicy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i knon nothing about it she said sidly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wel you let me ast ad vics of mythorses
	layer_4: wil you let me asked advice of my loyers
	layer_6: will you let me asked advice of my laowyers
	layer_8: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: will you let me ask e advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: will you let me ask advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are trust wery anexspearian'sd men and i am sur they con be o hus t yu
	layer_4: they are trust where ly anexperiancet men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_6: they are trustwerly unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_8: they are trustworly anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: casiously as i had xpesed mytelf her delacas sey tiok the alarm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expessed myself her delicassy tiok the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promis at you win' astmy to barow money of ou fror mischer f em branc she rejoind and owil excep ou helpt grapully
	layer_4: promis hat you won't asked me to barw money of ew for misther vambrance she rejoined and o will except your help grapfully
	layer_6: promise that you won't aske me to borrow money of hyu for mister venbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratfully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of yu for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of yu from mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you from mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could onessly pomens that
	layer_4: i could honisly promis thack
	layer_6: i could honestly promise that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my one chance of saving her lay keeping from her nallge to coursa a had nowt deturmin ticersu
	layer_4: my one chance of saving her lay nd keeping from her knowledge the coursa a had nou determine to cprsu
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the coursa i had now determined to pusu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the corsa i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go whiln my resolitionstil s ustaimedto my
	layer_4: i rose to go while my resolition still susdaimed me
	layer_6: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i arose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis neshe wasprd whefo you go
	layer_4: kisse ne she was spird whefore you go
	layer_6: kisseny she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss ne she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kissed me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kissed me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is only her goodnes se over powerusme
	layer_4: it as only er goodness hat over powerus me
	layer_6: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_8: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only your goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sac ting fora byty to  lack brains when shye ance trbe ateture is anti
	layer_4: its asset thing for a bydy to lack brains whend she wance to be ateacur is enti
	layer_6: its a sat thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't id
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: then a lo pet has doet  so hard all wentor at she has an gonme anywere saul the alther seste wistd fuy
	layer_4: pen ha lope has danith sou hard arl winter at she has an't gone anywere jhald the ather sister wist fully
	layer_6: ben alopi has taid so hard ol winter at she hasn't gone anywhere jod the oter sister wistfully
	layer_8: pen alope has stuied so hard or winter and she hasn't gone anywhere jo the oder sister wistfully
	layer_10: penallope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere tod the elder sister wistfully
	layer_12: penallope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere told the elder sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: dorries dreamed of preatitreses ol thed night and thot abot tham al the nex day
	layer_4: dores reamed of preatit resses all thet night and thought abt them all the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of pretit resses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of pretitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of prentitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: dories dreamed of prentitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: soh it must becon fhasd di penilobe tou she would not havled mitet at far the ond
	layer_4: so it must be confast did penilo e thoug she would not have ad mightidt it far the want
	layer_6: so it must be confasst did penelopy though she would not have atmight id it for the ant
	layer_8: so it must be confssed did penalopi though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she knuwdat ten anopbe had startid out to say a new dress
	layer_4: she knewthat eniopy had startid out to sa a new dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penalopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: doris hnter i belie its and old quid
	layer_4: doris hanter i belive its and oud quilt
	layer_6: dor is hunter i belive its an out qualed
	layer_8: doris hunter i believe it's an out quilt
	layer_10: doric hunter i believe it's an out quilt
	layer_12: doric hunter i believe it's an out quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: ly sonmefenalo the my dear dois
	layer_4: lysemepan aloppy my dear doris
	layer_6: listene penelopi my dear dorris
	layer_8: listent penalopi my dear dorries
	layer_10: listen peniloi my dear dorris
	layer_12: listen penilopi my dear dorries

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: love to penino and your sen
	layer_4: love to pen iov and yourse
	layer_6: love to penelob and yourself
	layer_8: love to pennilove and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilove and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilove and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: youn afectionat ound a thea hant
	layer_4: your affectionate ount at the ahantr
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adeahanter
	layer_8: your affectionate ount adela hante
	layer_10: your affectionate ount adela hanter
	layer_12: your affectionate ount adela hanter

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don' se ts bauty set than a ope with agry
	layer_4: i don't sy its beauty sait then a opy weth acgry
	layer_6: i don't see it's beauty said then a lopy wet a grea
	layer_8: i don't see it's beauty said ten alope wit a gra
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said peneloppe with a gray
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penalopi with a gray

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: ito may have been preaty ancs lut it is alld sitid no
	layer_4: it may have been preaty ance bat it is allsidid now
	layer_6: it may have been prety woncs but it is all sided now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty once but it is allsided now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty onces but it is allsided now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty ones but it is allsided now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: tor me dory dousi ar wo alack of proorryspectfur my unsustorse that thi cant fel very and tosiesti alver des har lom hespetianly en grund mother honter di eears before i was bor
	layer_4: terme dory toes it argou alack of properiyspect for my unsustors that i can't fiel very andtosiastic over dis har lom espesially en grund mather conter diet years before i was bor
	layer_6: terme dory does it argu a lack of proper respect for my unsestors that i can't feel very antusiastic over this harloom especially wen grand mother cunter diet ears before i was borne
	layer_8: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my aunsestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this har loom especially when grandmother chunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dory does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hairloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dorry does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this harloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it was tvhery kindo and at their rt tosendit said doris dty folty
	layer_4: it was very kindof and a there iuto sendet saitd toris duty fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of und a deirlaget to sendid said doris duti forly
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt adhelat to send it said doris dutyfully
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a dela to send it said dorris dutyfully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt a dela to send it said dorris dutyfully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: why the r on sid ies ever so much pretur thandor ight sclaind bn a  op
	layer_4: why the ron side is ever so much pretir than er ight es clained pena opy
	layer_6: why the wrong side is ever so much pretier than the right is claimed penelopy
	layer_8: why the wrongside is ever so much pretier than the right exclaimed penalopi
	layer_10: why the wrongside is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi
	layer_12: why the wrongside is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely old's dimy stufs at not  bep sadi
	layer_4: what lovely alds dimy stuff at not abep sadet
	layer_6: what lovely alds dimy stuff at not a beat saddid
	layer_8: what lovely olds dimy stuff ad not a beap saded
	layer_10: what lovely old dimy stuff ad not a bet saet
	layer_12: what lovely old dimy stuff ad not a bit saddet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i e crere it is as cod ans mu
	layer_4: i declar it is as god as mu
	layer_6: ideclare it is as good as mnew
	layer_8: i declare it is as good as nuw
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as nuw

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: well lettdhase go and hastee said fen a lopy i e si did le hunry
	layer_4: wel let as go and hav cheep said eni lopy i ecididly hungry
	layer_6: well letus go and hav cheap said penelopy i decitedla hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheep said penalopy i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheapd said penilopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheaped said penilopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: hesit i see the fbaverty bocerd comen
	layer_4: besidtes i see the poverty poard coming
	layer_6: besides i see the pover typocar coming
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty pocl coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty bocar coming
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty boccir coming

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: it isometing topases and hard nlon after ol
	layer_4: it is someting to posses an harlon after al
	layer_6: it is something to poses an ha lon after all
	layer_8: it is something to posses and harrelon after all
	layer_10: it is something to posses and harlon after all
	layer_12: it is something to posses and harlon after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: than a l o be waso prise as mighch as the tander sistrly heart cod resete when doris flrihedoult upon her ton fin ly an the ivening on dhe bparty re the blrecxs cur nisly pras and re hang and the prekest wacety magonomer a was that was apositivecration f theynt urosbas princo sik we o gortel an t nouts of lack e
	layer_4: pen alo pe wasor prise as much as the tander sistrly hert cood wesi the whedores flished out upon her twon fintly and the evening on the partywi the prackscur nicely prass and re hung and the pretest wasdimaginav a was that was a positivf creation af they terosbas prinkled silk with ta gurdtal and nots of lack veve
	layer_6: phene lopy was urprised as much as the tender sisterly herd coold wishnedte when doris flashed out upon her tonfanly and the evening on the party winh the black skird nicely pressed and re hung and the pretest wastdimagina awaist that was a positive creation oof thain the ros  bas prinkled silk witht oa girtel and nots of black velve
	layer_8: penelopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly herd coold wish when doris flashed out upon her toomantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettest wast imagina a wast that was a positive creation on of thein the ros bassprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_10: penelo pi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert coold wish when dorris flashed out upon her tromfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginabl a waist that was a positive creation onf denthe ros bessprinkled silk with a girdle and nods of black velvet
	layer_12: penelo pi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert coold wishd when dorris flashed out upon her tunfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginab a waist that was a positive creation onf dhenti rosee bes sprinkled silk with a girdle and nods of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then a n ote when to blransparty and her trass was drtd muration of avery gur ther
	layer_4: so pen a lopy whent to blan sparty and her drass mwas thear muration of every gir there
	layer_6: so pen alopy went to blank sparty and her dress mwas the admiuration of every gir the
	layer_8: so penalopi went to blankh sparty and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_10: so penalopi ent to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so penalopi went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: ben e lo bes old her al to geale sarming
	layer_4: when the lo besold her allt together sarming
	layer_6: when he lov besod her utogether sarming
	layer_8: when e love besowled her altogether sharming
	layer_10: when the love besowed her altogether charming
	layer_12: when the love besowed her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she klnosas if she had justs thapd olt of the fra of some nlovely olt peatr she saydte to her sen
	layer_4: she lesas if she had justs thapt out of the frame of some lovelly alt peature she sayd to her sen
	layer_6: she los as if she had just thaped out of the frame of some lovely alt pichure she say to her self
	layer_8: she loos as if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely old peicuere she say to herself
	layer_10: she loops us if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely old peicture she say to herself
	layer_12: she loops us if she had just stapped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she sayd to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: mhy ont a thila gave me geve as ther mattria she stamr
	layer_4: my ount atherla gate me geve as there moter ia she stamrd
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me gave us the materiol she stamort
	layer_8: my aunt adela gave me gave us ther material she stammerd
	layer_10: my aunt adela gave me gave us the material she stammerd
	layer_12: my aunt adela gave me gave us the material she stammered

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: ind nhamed aftor her missis fair wather sudenly pouther arm abot penal oby and du theyon gird to here hoar lovely old face ad glow weth delihdt and tenderness
	layer_4: iam namped after her missis fairwatter sudenly put her arm about pen alopy and uhd the yung gir to her her lovely old face ad glow with delihed and tenderness
	layer_6: i am named afterd her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and dud the young girld to her her lovely old face a glow with delight and tenderness
	layer_8: i am named after her missus fairwatter suddenly put her arm about penalopi and druwd the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and reue the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: i am named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi andrewd the young girl to her her lovely old face a glow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: thet you ar mi grun nese she sai
	layer_4: the you are my grunt nese she sac
	layer_6: the you are my grank knees she said
	layer_8: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grand niece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grand niece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i soyo o treas i tun't sure you were of  lihtet to here i shouldricod nie that terols bo se if i camo craos d intey bet
	layer_4: when i saw your tress i fellt sure you were re lited to her i should ricoog nite that teros bod sear if i cam across ait intebat
	layer_6: when i saw your dtress i felt sure you were relihted to her i should recognite that rose bud sere if i came across it in tibetk
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sirl if i came across it in ti bah
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibath
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tibath

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: tan d han olpe was for yers allterd then i was bhat we ward thefaltit to eachodher
	layer_4: ban alope was for  years allther than i was bhut wewere thevoltit to each ather
	layer_6: ben n elopy was four years alder than i was but we were devouted to each other
	layer_8: panalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_10: penalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_12: penalopi was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofsto dte shord myther did and our hals ald was broken o
	layer_4: son agfter desowrd mother diede and ourhas alled was broken ap
	layer_6: son after des our mother died and our hus auld was broken up
	layer_8: son after dhis our mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_10: soon after disour mother died and our house hald was broken up
	layer_12: soon after di sour mother died and our house hald was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whie ye i am olsary lonaly ald omern we hno bide be londing to me
	layer_4: my tea i a mosery longly ald womern we hno byty belonging to me
	layer_6: my dear i am usery longly ald woman withs no body belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am a very longely old woman with no body belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with no body belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with no body belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: now she paten missus fir weathers sofed alld han affectioatly
	layer_4: now she patten missus fire wethers soft ald han affectionatly
	layer_6: now she pattened missus fairewothers soft old hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she patened missus farwoarther's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she pateed missus fairwether's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattened missus fairwedther's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: doris and penan ope foalnt dhorleves and plras changed in the tinet cleng of an i
	layer_4: doris and pena opy fat therleves and plans changed in the twint cling of an ei
	layer_6: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twent cling of an eye
	layer_8: doris and penalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twente cling of an ey
	layer_10: dorris and panelopi found ther leaves and plans changed in the twenth cling of an eye
	layer_12: dorris and panelopi found ther leaves and plants changed in the twenth cling of an eye

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: whene missus far weterl had gon dorisand pen alo be looked at ecorder
	layer_4: when missus fir weather had gone doris and pen alobe loked at ech arder
	layer_6: when missus far wether had gone doris and penelopy looked at each other
	layer_8: when missus fairwather had gone dorries and penalopi looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus fairwedther had gone dorries and penelopi looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus fairwedther had gone dorries and penelopi looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she sliped intl herd ble brein t aftanon dreas her aund calld to har fram below
	layer_4: at she sleeaed into herd blu prin after knon drass her ount call to her fram belo
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue print afternoon dress her ountd caulled to her from bilaw
	layer_8: as she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_10: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billaw

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: i' jan wastanding at the od of the sters wiec a lampin one hand and the eure alld bay be clangging to the other
	layer_4: ol ganastanding at the fod of the stars wi h a lamping one hand and the year all ba be clanging to the other
	layer_6: ol janewa standing at the ford of the stairs wich a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: ul jane was standing at the fort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as a tek shae plis omone we theron good nathred face jrfor and vaer as the son flower was omt jain at all dimesand ocasens
	layer_4: she was a beck shaplic woman wieh te oun good natured face cheerfort and volger as a sun flower was owndt jan at all timesand occasioncs
	layer_6: she was a big shaples woman with round good natured face cheerfor and volver as a sun flower was ownd jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulger as e sunflower was auned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as he sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wun trane oveer andsy hol missus biksd ba s this ivning sceti and you must take car of the babytyeliget thack
	layer_4: i wunt tran oer andse how missus biggsd be i thes evening sity and you must take car of the baby tyli get thack
	layer_6: i wan't to run over and see how missus bigs be is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby til i get back
	layer_8: i wan't to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening cidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggstby is this evening city and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggstby is this evening city and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: seed they sik and wen donster ford the baby
	layer_4: seen tey sigke and wen dawncster for the baby
	layer_6: sin ey sight and wea downcters for the baby
	layer_8: sitn tey sight and wet downstairs for the baby
	layer_10: sidne sihe and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sinne sighe and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: al her dayse were alike aus faas hard woark and dounis went but eecepte them jeurforey and unco plaining d
	layer_4: all her tays were alike as faras hard wark and dullness went but heacepted them curfulry and ncomplaningty
	layer_6: all her days were alike as faraus hard work and dulness went but she accepted them jerfuly and uncomplainingly
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dulness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but he thid resand having to llk ast or the baby worn hye wante thrie har leter
	layer_4: but she did resand having to look after the baby wheren she wanted to rite her letter
	layer_6: but she did resentd having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resent having to look after the baby whe she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: therero wus mon a mar bocksubout the kachin whech seeden they shardryt toots mar cousencs
	layer_4: there rumas mon amare boxs above the kachin which seedin tey shargwet toots mor cousence
	layer_6: the roomust morn a mere box above the kitchen which sidin the shargueat twoods more cousins
	layer_8: the roumas mon a meare box above the kitchen which setin a shar gwei twods mare cousins
	layer_10: there rooum masmorn a mare box above the kitchen which set in a shar whit two smar cousins
	layer_12: ther roomasmon a mare box above the kitchen which sitt in a shar whit two smar cousins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: hoer bat andd the caltd were the letof girslapt e thut ormost all te af tetlabor spase
	layer_4: her bad and the caugt were the liato gir slaped eel dhaut armos al the a vailabur spaces
	layer_6: her bad and the cut were the littlre girs lapped silled up armost all the avalabr spaes
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the little girl lapp siled up alrmost all dhe availablre space
	layer_10: her bad and the cot where the little girl slapt silled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bad and the cot where the little girl slapt silled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: jis the that burcteclrer anger one i apar to be as larg asin orenge wid the al ther was the sis of a pe and the mot zexaged from ear t ear
	layer_4: jus the that parteculor anger one i appear to be as large as an orenge while the other was the sise of a pe and the mot exaged from ear too ere
	layer_6: justhe that particlar anglrl one ei appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zexagted from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of e pa and the mouth zixagtd from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth ixaged from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zixaged from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: sen thy ha ted thoat muras virel laly a shecoudtate aniting
	layer_4: seen they heated that miras viroe lagly a shecud hage aniting
	layer_6: sen tey hated that miras veru laely as she could hake anything
	layer_8: sinte hated that mirrors very ligely as she could hake anything
	layer_10: syn the hated that miror's very liktely as she could hate anything
	layer_12: syn the hated that miror's very likely as she could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: ther mther had diad to they ofto and seny there upon had com intol ther hans of god ont jain wech dos boksfor hoard doulry shi is noting ans was let aftor the expansies ofde dober finor ow had benfay
	layer_4: here mother had did to they after and siny there apon had come into the hands of god ount jan wich dhos boks for herd dory sins noting als was lat after the expancies of the dabole fineror had ben fa
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sidney theire upen had come into the hands of good ound jan which those boks for herd dory since nothing els was let after the expanses of the dubel finerer had ben fat
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those boks for herdowry since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double finerer had been faite
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sidney their upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for herdory since nothing else was left after the expanses of the double fuerer had been faite
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sidney ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane which those books for herdowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funerer had been faithe

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: prsently shld be gent to rwie weh the flashal freerexcikement ton her face
	layer_4: presently should began to rit weth the flachalf freear excicement on her face
	layer_6: presently she began to righte with the flasho freel exitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with a flush of frel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to write with a flush of fril excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to write with a flush of frile excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: ollnny one ansern came too alendouglness and that los for rarthit to her bid the long selering ad dytor af he mapr lief
	layer_4: oonly one ancer came too elen dagless and that was forwar the to herbied the long selfering ad etor off the mapo lief
	layer_6: only one answer came to alen daglas and that was forwarted to herby the long suffering a ditor of the mappor lif
	layer_8: oonly one answer came to aelen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappele laf
	layer_10: only one answer came to allen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditor of the mappee leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to allen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering aditor of the mappele leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he wrod dat a lo his aighgeted bard him from mamper shipin the clo he was pwrainty and the lait was eigte he rat the leters of to de pardment wich marchin trass and al fom had tuld of ancering som of thurli ques for qures won thets
	layer_4: he rod that aldo his egete bard him from mampership ing the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he rad the leters of the thepartment with marching tras and offorn had toutd of ansering som of the re quest for curess on tatds
	layer_6: he ro that aldthou his agti bird him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he rad the leters of the department with marching trest and oftern had thought of answering some of the request for cresst on thets
	layer_8: he wrote that althoug his agie bird him from membership in the clab he was twenty and the limit was eighteent he rade the letters of the department with marchintrest and often had thought of answering some of the request for cresst on dets
	layer_10: he wrote that although his agde birth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with march interest and often had thought of answering some of the request forcrest on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that aldough his agedi birth him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with march interest and often had thought of answering some of the request forcrest on deths

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: he never had donso bodd aan douvbles ses lether wale soing tresting that he hadt tesided toright te her
	layer_4: she never had don so bod elandoglessuss leter was soing tresting that he had tecided toright to her
	layer_6: she never had done so but elandogla us letter was so intresting that he had decided to rihe to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but elen douglau's letter was so einteresting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen douglasus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but ellen douglasus letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: would she be king i nough to coares pom rwih hm
	layer_4: would she beking inough to corresponm with him
	layer_6: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_8: would she beking enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: tou as to ers auld from the east and had nottet for goten to bet homseak a dins
	layer_4: heu as to years out from the east and had notyed forgoten to be home sik at tins
	layer_6: he was two years out from the east and had not yed forgotten to be homesik at tins
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesek at tines
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: sene like the letter and acer d e
	layer_4: seivhna like the letter and asurad ea
	layer_6: sivna like the letter and ashurat eat
	layer_8: syitne like the letter and aserat et
	layer_10: scitne like the letter and ashered i
	layer_12: citney like the letter and ashered it

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: sheneverexpactet tome donlincone nor d she wesheed to dosol
	layer_4: she never expected to mee jonlincome nordg she wished to dosal
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincole nar did she wishd to do so
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincole nor did she wished to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincol nor did she wishd to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the corasln tancitsolf she fon hor plation
	layer_4: in the coraspondacitself she fant herplagion
	layer_6: in the correspondenc itself she fond her plasor
	layer_8: in the correspondance itself she found her plasu
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her plasu
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her plasu

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: jondin gong rod gresiocons of frangh life and h tanters on the farwestom lains so anian and ru mod from s ng hom dram rain fe life that seing tha aliys had the senzation oaf crossing o gou wer an shed alpwen alather fron the bar and as forsi nise on leter this is the way itread as shetp rulty
	layer_4: jonlinon roud bresya councs of frange life and a tanturus on the far westome plains so aiglnian and r moth froms nig ham dram brainfeeld life that seingte allays had the senzation off crossing a gofwhere and she opend alatter from the bar and as for senase own letter this is the way it read as she routit
	layer_6: johnlinconrot briziar counts of frange life and at venturs on the far westemne plains so alian and remotde froms nug hame dram brainfeld life that sin tey always had the senzation off crossing a guarf wherean she opened alatter from the bar and as for sydnas own letter this is the way it red as she rotit
	layer_8: john lincon rot breazieac counts of frangh life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug ham dram brainfieled life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a galrlf wern she opened a letter from the bar end as for sydne's own latter this is the way it read as she wrotit
	layer_10: john lincon wrote breizi accounts of range life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug harm dram brainfilld life that singney always had the sensation of crossing a galf weran she opened a letter from the bar end as for sydgneay's own letther this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincon wrote breizi accounts of range life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug harm dram brainfield life that sinney always had the sensation of crossing a galf weran she opened a letter from the bar end as for sydgnay's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the avver greans prainti tere missterlin co
	layer_4: the aver greens braintil der misteranlincol
	layer_6: the aver greens branfhill der mister linco
	layer_8: the aver greense brainfille dear mister lincoln
	layer_10: the evergreens brainfille dear mister lincol
	layer_12: the evergreens brainfille dear mister lincol

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and itxsplom and brelancy i love meting you peope i leov dhe reopl off mezy the hamo loveter and conmvercation
	layer_4: i love life and itsplom and breliency i love meeting you people i love the reple off musy the hamo laveter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its blom and brilliancy i love meeting you people i loved the riple of musy the harm of lovhter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloome and brilliancy i love meeting nou people i love the ripple of musi the harmof laghter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of musi the harm of laughter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the harm of laughter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the men i had been takin wed was por mar the grae noler
	layer_4: the meni had been talking wed was por more the grate novare
	layer_6: the man i had been talking wit was po mor the great novri
	layer_8: the man e had been talking with was por mor the great noverlis
	layer_10: the man i had been talking with was por more the great novery
	layer_12: the man i had been talking with was por mor the great noverys

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as hi gwas i had contrr dhited him towis and he had loftant lihktit but his bos wi ales havea nu mining tome hands fort tru that insied het himselve as given me
	layer_4: as itwas i had contrdicted him twics and he had laghdt andt likdit but his boktswil alwas have a nu meaning to me hans fort true tha inside he himselve has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had lauged and liked it but his bok's wil always have a new meaning to me hands forth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had loughed and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me hendcsforth trough the inside he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had lavhed and liked it but his book will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had lauved and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it his sauch matings at ththes that givve life it sparcolfor me
	layer_4: it is sulch mateings at these that give life its parkal for me
	layer_6: it is such mittings at these that give life its sparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you wy a be waey of myght rop s ethese alver har
	layer_4: you we ae be wary of mit rops to these overhar
	layer_6: you w hae be wary of mygh rupso tese overhar
	layer_8: you be wery of my rapsodes overhear
	layer_10: yu be wearry of my rapstodes overhair
	layer_12: yu be weary of my rapstodes overhear

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: she has seemputhy andd on de standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has sem poty and on dher standing for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has sempaty and understanding for my avery mot
	layer_8: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my everi mot
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my everi mot

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yars sinsirvily sen nat reachma
	layer_4: yars sinscreily sen nae reachma
	layer_6: yours sinserly sina rachma
	layer_8: yours sincerly sinae richman
	layer_10: yours sinserly signave richmand
	layer_12: yours sinsterly signave richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: ol jan came hom presently and carred away har a s liping babe seentey set he prayrs whent te tat and slet songly and sird aniley sh maled hor latter the next day and the man telat e and unsorecig
	layer_4: ot jan came hom presently and caried away her asliping ba be seny set her prayers whent to bhat and slept sonly and siranily she mailed her later the next day and the montlater and unser kimg
	layer_6: out jane came home presently and carried away her  sleepping baby sinney sat her prayers went to ed and sleppt soundly and seranily shee mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_8: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby syney sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sydney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenilly she mailed her latter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_12: out jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sydney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and cerenilly she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: sed maedy not sleved that night but dosd raslesly a ato crd in her pelo
	layer_4: sed ma de not sleeve that night but tosed rastlesly abouto cride in her pelo
	layer_6: sigdmay di not slepe that night but tost rastlessly about or cried in her pelo
	layer_8: sydney di not sleep that night but dozd restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_10: sidney did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_12: sidney did not sleep that night but dozed restlessly about or cried in her pillow

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: tha god womon shok her a
	layer_4: the god wormen shok her hack
	layer_6: the good warmon shok her a
	layer_8: the good worman shok her ha
	layer_10: the good woman shook her hec
	layer_12: the good woman shook her hec

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: shed nthey traot the way of de trans gressor and fon datits tons pirst to bon and marreo
	layer_4: seed ney trod the way of the trandce grassor and fond at its tons pirsd to bon and marrow
	layer_6: sidn a trout the way of the trans grassor and found hat its thon's burst to bone and marrow
	layer_8: sidina trot the way of the transgrassor and found that its thorns burst to born and marrow
	layer_10: sydny trot the way of the transgressor and found hat its thons burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: sydny trot the way of the transgressor and found at its thorns burst to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yoi see that therod allt thar
	layer_4: you see that the road alut dhar
	layer_6: you see that trod out dar
	layer_8: you see that road out dar
	layer_10: you see that road out dark
	layer_12: you see that road out dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was nol harber or glinps olf thi stenst tesibur
	layer_4: and there was no harboer or glimps off thistuncy visaber
	layer_6: and there was no harbor or glimps of distancy visibele
	layer_8: and there was no harbor or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbor or glimpse of distant sey visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant cy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: hand the haltof keepre my the mhsdtake
	layer_4: had the halto keepor my the is take
	layer_6: had the halter keeper myem mistake
	layer_8: had the halterkeeper mi te mistake
	layer_10: had the halter keeper mate mistake
	layer_12: had the halterkeeper mate mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: ths is his place no boty carsec the eveer grang but myseiv
	layer_4: this is his place no bodycarsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody caurs it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody cals it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the ever green but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the ever green but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i tonton the stan he said but lreccidly
	layer_4: id don't on the stan he sad bart plrexcedly
	layer_6: i don't un the stand he said barpleksedly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexidly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: ol sedenlthy t ot her hans in the barst aof bationabroltes
	layer_4: o sen nhey two out her hands in te barst off bationat progtest
	layer_6: o sen ta two out her hands in a barst off patiena protest
	layer_8: o seivn ey two out her hands in a burst of patienate protest
	layer_10: oh sein e two out her hands in a burst of patienate protest
	layer_12: ogh sidn e two out her hands in a burst of patienante protest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: now and you never wei on the stend i cant may you on te sten
	layer_4: no and you never well un the stend ican't ma e you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will unterstand i can't make you on the stand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't make you undherstand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: aeveriyting itoldou aboaldet and my life was just o muntination
	layer_4: everyting i tol o aboaltet and my life was justi muncination
	layer_6: everything i told you about itd and my life was just imantination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imangination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thit wytded you right damp hast lantly
	layer_4: thin why tid ou right them he ased blankly
	layer_6: den why did you rigt dem he asked blankly
	layer_8: dhen why didn' you write dhemp he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why did' you write tem he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why de yod tdhe sie r me
	layer_4: why did ou deceivf me
	layer_6: why di do deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i diten meantoo the seise you i never thou t of surch af teing
	layer_4: oh i dident men to te seefe you i never thought of such of thing
	layer_6: oh i didn't mean to deceivfe you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i just coden trid you abot my lie re not becaus itwas har but i oo so oaglet ant anty
	layer_4: i just coden trite ou abot my life here not be cause it was har but i arso agly and anty
	layer_6: i just gooldn't rigte you about my life here not because it was hard but it als so ugly and anti
	layer_8: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anmpty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and amty

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and won ancsi had begon i hak to kapit op
	layer_4: and when ance i had begun i hadk to kip it up
	layer_6: and when oncs i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i fon d ei sol fusin aking to
	layer_4: i found igt sol fustinating to
	layer_6: i found itso fusinating to
	layer_8: i found it so fassinating to
	layer_10: i found it so fasscinating to
	layer_12: i found it so fascinating to

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: tose letdts ers mad that altheir lifee seeme real to me i never yxpected to me you
	layer_4: those lettersmade that other life seem real to me i never expected to met you
	layer_6: those letthers mayde that other life seem reael to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters mad that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the sclasd for dase seensu lather cam have been dreadfwon to me
	layer_4: the s lased four days seen su later cim have been dread ful to me
	layer_6: dhis laset four days sin ulatter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: o ples galaway and sorcaire me ifs hu can
	layer_4: oh beese go away and forgave me if yo can
	layer_6: oh ptease go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: ito as wars tan she had eventold it would the
	layer_4: it as wars dan she had even tod it would be
	layer_6: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: ou wae so hasom so maly so earntisst i
	layer_4: he was so hadsome so mely so erest ie
	layer_6: she was so hadsome so meli so earnest ey
	layer_8: she was so handsome so mally so earnest eye
	layer_10: she was so handsome so mely so earnest eye
	layer_12: she was so handsome so mely so earnest eye

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: jonlincon open the gat and we opto eare
	layer_4: jonlincon opon the gate and wet opto her
	layer_6: john lincon open the gate and went up to her
	layer_8: john lincon opened the gate and went up too her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincol opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: ples don'tt thistras your so sou seiddkne he said an conchialsly eusing herd chresthin ne
	layer_4: plase don't thistris your self so seene he said unconcously using her cresthen ne
	layer_6: please don't distrist yourself so sina he said unconsciously using her cristian na
	layer_8: please don't distresse yourself so cydney he said unconsciously using her christian nae
	layer_10: please don't distress yourself so cidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so cidney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i thin i do on the sten
	layer_4: i think i do on the stan
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do on dhe stand
	layer_10: i think i do onder stand
	layer_12: i think i do onder stand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not such a darl seltl as you tak mye for
	layer_4: a'm not such a darl selow as you take me for
	layer_6: i'm not such a dar sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i'm not such a dar sellow as you take me for
	layer_10: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after or tholsleters wertoral r rather there was trutin them
	layer_4: after or thos leters were tu or rather thee was trtin them
	layer_6: after or those latters were tug or rather there was truth in them
	layer_8: after all those letters were tre or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the shong man wia sertanly good atd und the staning
	layer_4: ti soung mand wie certinly goond at undherstaning
	layer_6: the soung man wie certainly good at understaning
	layer_8: this young man was certainly good ad understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good at understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: you youl forgive me then she stamot
	layer_4: you you'll forgive me then she stemot
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stamld
	layer_8: you you'll forgive me then she stammuld
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stamouled
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stamorled

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but i vhe stave th niience they well have bee lod nissifol age
	layer_4: bhut inve stav e thi nicence they woll have bee novd nessephalt age
	layer_6: but in the stae of dinocence they would have been noered necifholt age
	layer_8: but in the state of inocence they would have been laed necifhole age
	layer_10: but in the state of innocence ther would have been lawed nesefold age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence they would have been lawed nessefold age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the conteury everythin generadet i spirsting perfecpt but bin the sivfpinissen e chirding le hap beit begotam biganaration
	layer_4: on the contrary everyth in generadet insfirsting perfect but en the scitiinecence chordin wilt hapbi begoto by generation
	layer_6: on the countrary everythin generated isfirsting perfect but in the calihenicance children woll happy thegodemned by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated is first imgperfect but in the st of aniscence children woll happy begoom by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the saite of inniscence children will hay begode by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the sat of inniscence children will hay begodem by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirhor from the first the wil happen in prfect enboden he scise and poer
	layer_4: therehfore from the first they woill happien in prfect im bot inlesiseand power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they woill happen imperfect inboddinly size and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they woill happen imperfect in bodinly size and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they will hapen imperfect in bodily size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: the iaffor in the stat epinience they was kno need for woming to be por on the constery lirus persass in generation twut hawppiningcomily withnmater en whichshit loss estapichd pid got
	layer_4: the arefore in the stat of inocence they was kno need for womin to be born on the contrary leaturs porsas in generation otd happin incommily with nmanner in whichs it was establised by gaot
	layer_6: therefore in the stae of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary letures porcess in generation woud happeng incomoly with maner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary leiere's porcess in generation ot happe en in comony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary liors porcess in generation happing in commony with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary leitor's porcess in generation happing in comony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for with er in dastae men would havp be mester erefman
	layer_4: for whether ein thastate men would have be mester remen
	layer_6: for whether in thas state men would have be mester reman
	layer_8: for whither in thast state men would have bee master o roman
	layer_10: for whither in that state men would have bee master o roman
	layer_12: for whither in that state men would have bee master o roman

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theiefore in the statifpunusnce man had kno massership of the nmals
	layer_4: therefore in the stadifunosnce men had no masership of the animals
	layer_6: therefore in the stat of enicencs men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of inocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefor in the stetepunosens befor man had isbade nohin os baten that wls naturely subjact to haime
	layer_4: theirefore in the statof enosence before manahad ispade nogh ing doesbadem that was naturaly subjack to ham
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocence before manna had ispade nohing disbadend that was naturally subjact to hame
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before manny had it spade nothing disbaden that was naturally subject to hime
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before manni had it spade nothing disbadin that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before manni had it spade nothing disbadin that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sign ly dis us prew by theuldro do vime rovedece whichow esgobers in ferethingsmy theisureppero
	layer_4: sigenly this as proe by the oder o devine providenece which hirescoverns ind ferythings by thi srppero
	layer_6: sigonly this is proved by the orde of divine providedence which how escoverncs in pearo things by this eperor
	layer_8: secondly this isproved by the order o divine provideence which how ascoverens inferio things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providnce which hiuscovernes inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hiescoverns inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: serainly dis as proved from  probeityf man an other namls
	layer_4: tirainly disis proved throm a probertave man and other anmals
	layer_6: thertainly disis proved from a probertlave man and bother animals
	layer_8: certainly thisis proved from a probertlave man and other animals
	layer_10: certainly this is proved from a proverty of man and other animals
	layer_12: certainly this is proved from a proverty of man and other animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now whlt aver his part is pate isubjate whad is hesenshol andinaberso
	layer_4: now whataveris partis patet is tubjated what is the sential and inlverso
	layer_6: now whataver is partis pated is tubjacted what is thesential and inuverso
	layer_8: now whateveris partis paited is subjected what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whatever is part is painted is subject t what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever is part is painted is subject to what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: therefor tas bjaction o other anials to manis proke o benatural
	layer_4: theefore asbjaction of other animals to man is prooke o be natural
	layer_6: therefore asubjection of other animals to man is proope t be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prooved to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prooved to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prooved to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would now hiver on this cond hav been eccepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressennor theyfor tha reason exccepto from te maership or pout was prbidins has war dain athis
	layer_4: they would no hiver on this con have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for their reason acceptid from the masstership or yad was probidens has or dain a this
	layer_6: they would no hieer on thise cont have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at pressen or they for their reason acceptevd from the mastership of yod whas providence has ordain a this
	layer_8: they would now hieveer on this kond have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has fordain all this
	layer_10: they would now however on this cound have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordain all this
	layer_12: they would now however on this cound have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordain all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this is sicud font by fackthat got let atelhey animost to men that he mut give the names expressi of their respactif natures
	layer_4: this assicunfint by e fact that got letattey enimols to men that he mouht gave the names expressive of theire respectove natures
	layer_6: this assiconfiet by the fact that got let at the animos to men that he migt gave the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_8: this is signfied by the fact that god let at the enimals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so ainmes woud have ad bit mean atherow cort as in the presens day some to mestacg inos abey hing
	layer_4: so ianmos would have a bd man of therown court as en the presencs day some to mesticg enimos a bayhimg
	layer_6: so ainimos would have a bid men of their own court as in the presencs days some domastic enimos obayhimg
	layer_8: so all enemes would have a bid men of their own court as in the presente dae some domestic enimas obey him
	layer_10: so all enimies would have a bid men of their own court as in the present das some domestic animas obey him
	layer_12: so all enimies would have a bid men of their own court as in the present days some domestic animals obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: ob jacktiuln one itwle seeme that in nhesavenissence ma oul not havle had mastership al ver o other creatures
	layer_4: objacktsion one it wia seeme that inhe savenesence man would not half had mastneship over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it wast seeme that an tha savanocence man would not havf had maseship over all other creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it woul seem that in save inescence man would not have ad mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it woull seem that in a sainniscence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it wiull seem that in a sainnoscence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much nas vefor would hae a bit men inth sat of iniscens
	layer_4: much las verefore would he hab a bit men in the stat of inocence
	layer_6: much last fer fore would a have a bit men in the state of innocense
	layer_8: much lat ver for would iy have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less fearefor would ey have a bit men in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less fearefor would he have a bit men in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: the aefor sngs it is by thes reason that manis compiten to hamastership it seems fvat en thestivelensence man hanld mean in over plans
	layer_4: the arefore sins it is by this reason that manis competen to hape mastership it seems feding the stieancince man hadnog men in overplens
	layer_6: theerefore since it is by this reason that man is competont to have mastership it seems felling the stainsence man had noo mean in overplans
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems feting the state insence man had no been in overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fedding the stateoe insence man had notbeen in overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it steems fedding the state ole insence man had notbeen in overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: now h mem reason the haset positionof master an nowt ofthesubect
	layer_4: now wemen reasonhe hast possition of master and nowt of ha subject
	layer_6: now e men reason has a position of a master and nowt of the subject
	layer_8: now e men reason has e position of a master and nout of the subject
	layer_10: now i men reason has te position of a master and nout of a subject
	layer_12: now e men reason has te position of a master and nout of a subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: yin ser that we must neso mid that in taprimmid of stath therewould have ben some inacolrtity at leased as regords sex becaus generation thepenspon dogersity ve sexs and like uice as regars age for some woud have been born of others norwod setura yuny hape been sderal
	layer_4: i enswere that we must nes omit that in te primut ive state there would have been some inequatity at least as regord sex because generation thepenceupon doversitave sex and likeuise as regards agen for some would have been born of others nor wold saturunig have been steral
	layer_6: i inserve that we must nes admid that in te primitive state they would have been some inequatity at least as regard sex because generation tdhe pends pon diversitive sex and likewise as regard's age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexurie uny have been sterel
	layer_8: i inserve that we must nees admit that in the primitove state there would have been some inequadity at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversitive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexre uni have been steril
	layer_10: i insert that we must neds admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversitiive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexral uni have been steril
	layer_12: i insert that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversiti ive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexral uni have been sterile

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there mut olse have beein but it ly dhsparity
	layer_4: there migt alsea have been butitly disparity
	layer_6: there might also have been buddidly disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been buddily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been buddily disparaty
	layer_12: there might also have been buddily disparaty

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: inacoridta motals woe rizeon thof parbs of nature as bove distried without ina defacsnature
	layer_4: anocaorit it als were rise on the pards of nature as bove destriped without any defatsl nature
	layer_6: inacority migtalsorrise on the parts of nature as bove destriped without any defactful nature
	layer_8: anacority might also  rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defactful nature
	layer_10: an auchority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature
	layer_12: an auchority might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defatful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: abjac tion one het al simd that a testidichumisenes maen ould not had be mast ervwer men
	layer_4: objacion one he ill semed that i th stad of chemisons man uld not had be mastervermen
	layer_6: objection one he will seeme that an the stae of commisens man would not hav ben masdtever men
	layer_8: objection one heill seem that in the state of innocence men would not have bee masedr over men
	layer_10: objection one he will sem that in the state of innocence man would not have bee massed over men
	layer_12: objection one het will soom that in the state of innocence man would not have been masked over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: theirefor in the stadt of hemisence maow old no hav been subjatto man
	layer_4: therefore in the state of he misence man ould no have been subjata men
	layer_6: therefore in the state of emissense men would not have been subject o men
	layer_8: therefore in the state of inocence men would not have been subjecto men
	layer_10: therefore in the state of indnocence men would not have been subject to men
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence men would not have been subject to men

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: innother sence masershoip is referd in ageneral sens to any cont of subject and en this senceven he hased the officeof coverning and diructing free man ca bhe caugt aimaster
	layer_4: inother sens massership is refered in a genera sencs to anicon of subjact and in this senc even he hased the office of coverning and diructing free men ca be caugt amaster
	layer_6: in other sinse massership is refered an a general sence to any kn of subject and in this sense even he haske the office of coverning and directing free men can e caugt a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is refered in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even heo has the office of governing and directing free men can be caugt a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hew has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such a cone of maste should would hav existid in testat ifnises betwin aia an man for two reasons
	layer_4: such a con of master should would have existed in de steadofinicas betwen me in men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a kon of mastenshit would have existed in thestatifinicers between ma and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastershit would have existed in the stat finiscis between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the statofinises between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the stat ofinices between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor then bhis ye have bing herd to raylon you my lod fwore a now ise jugh
	layer_4: more than this he have beeing herd to railon you my lord for ae now his juge
	layer_6: more than this yoe have beeng heard to rail on you my lord wor ime now his jurdge
	layer_8: more than this ye have been heard to railon you my lord wher arme now his judge
	layer_10: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where im now his judge
	layer_12: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord where i'm now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: jut thigjousdoom would be to dorion the spot sto letis hear what ol haste say
	layer_4: jot thjust doom would be to dorry on the spot stop lat is heare what thou haste say
	layer_6: juce th just tom would be to dary on the spot stup let us here what thou has to say
	layer_8: jge th just doom would be to diry on the spot step let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: js thy just doom would be to dire on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: js thy jest doom would be to dire on the spot stop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jug to some otf the caings spetke this you seev is man who hasd made such a stury nou r cown
	layer_4: then the judge to some up the kangs spoke this yo' see eis men who  haske made such a stiryg nawrtown
	layer_6: then the judge to some ip the kings spoke thes you seevehis men who has made such a stiryng nard town
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke theis you see tis man who has made such a stirryg narktown
	layer_10: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who hasth made such a stirring narktown
	layer_12: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you see this man who hasth made such a stirring narktown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thes wil we nosthys lihk ortattouth adnew manm ros from his death the traba seme wary wits custion
	layer_4: thus whi welel not his lik poar a thouth ad new man rose from his dath the trabar seam way was quistion
	layer_6: thu's why well not his lirkbor th thouth a new man rose from his death the traves same way was quistian
	layer_8: tha's why well not is like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabbe samed way was qhuistian
	layer_10: thu's why well not his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabis same way was christian
	layer_12: thus why well not his like for the truth a new man rose from his death the trabis same way was christian

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: conm goohel ful sitcrshhim lees work on the grass
	layer_4: come go held ful sad crishim letters wak on the gras
	layer_6: colm good heldful said chrisham lettes walk on the grass
	layer_8: come good helpfol said chrshiam let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good helpfor said chrisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good helpfor said chrisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so he sat olf trour the fhames
	layer_4: sovey set of trih the femeds
	layer_6: so vhey set off through the fiemes
	layer_8: so they set off through the fiemds
	layer_10: so they set off through the fiends
	layer_12: so they set off through the fields

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hufulr i had my fears from the firsd and so gave ye wahigp priston go frend i re dthat or have brugtu outof the rit phath
	layer_4: upfour i had my fears from the first and so gave you are heant criston gir friend i griv that i have broghthu out of the rige phalth
	layer_6: hupefor i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hant christian god friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_8: hopfour i hav my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i griee that i havh brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hopefur i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hopefur i have my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i grieve that i hath brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayn a more kno doubt itis for ouagoose
	layer_4: ofure sayn a more no doubt it is for ourgoovde
	layer_6: ofur say no more no doubt it is for hourgood
	layer_8: hope fur say no more no doubt it is for hour goose
	layer_10: hopful say no more no doubt it is for hour goose
	layer_12: hopful say no more no doubt it is for hour goose

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: pructhon w must no sten thus letistradi gold bak
	layer_4: pruchan where ye must now stent thus ler is tritgd bag
	layer_6: pruchan where you must now stend thus let us try to gold bag
	layer_8: pushon where you must now stand thus let us try to gol bag
	layer_10: cushian where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_12: cushan where you must now stand thus let us try to go bag

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: then se trind dispair o  have no rite of forchal wayim her the grown k nong whicsh ou ly is ming
	layer_4: then settrined dispare you have no right of forcual wa ing here the groun nong which syou ly is min
	layer_6: then set tryin despair you have no right of forcal wa ing here the ground on which youd lie is my
	layer_8: then septrying despair you have no right of fortal waging her the ground on which youd lie i's my
	layer_10: then septrying despair you have no right of forcil wayging here the ground on which you lie is myne
	layer_12: then septrying despair you have no right of fortil wayging here the ground on which you lie is mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not misch to say as bee knew tha thy wering fout
	layer_4: they had not much to say as be knew that they were ing fort
	layer_6: they had not much to say as bey knew that they werein fort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as bhe knew that they were in fort
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by desack wih culour sols as well
	layer_4: and by tesact wich oulaur sos as well
	layer_6: and by tisack wi kulour sos as well
	layer_8: and by visac wicille our sosas well
	layer_10: and by visac we kill our souls as well
	layer_12: and by visac we kill our souls as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he know when tong to hecimp to the house and a dor wheich he was do no this itit to or fhree tons
	layer_4: he know when tong to he kem to the house ad te dorf which he was to noc this ited to or three tons
	layer_6: he now when tongue to he ceme to the house at e dor of which he was to knock this adid two or three toms
	layer_8: he now went tongued tol he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this aded two or three times
	layer_10: he now went ongd till he came to the house at e door of which he was to knock this aded two or three times
	layer_12: he now went ong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this aed two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: griston oi have come to se od good man of the hous
	layer_4: gristan i have come to ce ta good man of the house
	layer_6: ghristian i have come to cee a good man of the house
	layer_8: christian i have come to see a good man of the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see a good man of the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see a good man of the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: triston sir i an comfrom the sity of thiesuption and anm a my way t monsm
	layer_4: christan sir i im come from the city of thistruption and em ma my way t o mon sune
	layer_6: christian sir i am come from the city of destruption and am ma my way to monsilon
	layer_8: christian sir i am come from the city of destrption and am onmy way to monsallan
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to monsalen
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of descruption and am on my way to montsaen

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i was stod by veh man thestans of agae that hat fai chim her you shil me ko things bet would helt me
	layer_4: i was stoed by the men thestands ef the gate that it fi hame here yout shill me gou things bat would helt me
	layer_6: i will stod by the man the stands a egate that if f i came here youul show me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came her you wold show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came her you woull show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the man that stands at the gate that if i came hear you woull show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stood as in he would leofur men and a croun a god han nhear he s hat
	layer_4: he stood as in he would plefur men and a crown of god harm eare hes herd
	layer_6: he stood as if he would ple for men and a crown of goad hal near hes heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near he's herd
	layer_10: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold harm near h's herd
	layer_12: he stood as if he would clea for men and a crown of gold harm near hi's heard

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: criston whad thistis men
	layer_4: curistan what this this men
	layer_6: christian what this this mean
	layer_8: christian what dis this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too he to a lnart room that was fod of dus for  had nop ping sluept and enterpredar tothes mand to swueetped
	layer_4: then he took hi to a lartroom that was fol of dost for it had not bing swapt and interpreder totis mand to sweetped
	layer_6: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not beeng swapet and in terprater todhis man to sweepid
	layer_8: then he took himnto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swappt and interpreter tod his man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swappet and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been sweppet and interpreter told his man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: qriston what mean s ith
	layer_4: quiston whate mens pes
	layer_6: chistan what meansbes
	layer_8: christian what means these
	layer_10: christian what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: then you nat sawrda ma com men tonade dusd so y seem ma clin and leat lno by fa in the boook
	layer_4: the you nat sort made com eng to lade dust so ho seem maycling and laide low by fate in the book
	layer_6: then you nat sougt made come in to lata dust so he seem may cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unac sougt made come into lada dust so he seemed me clin and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_10: the yunac sougt a mate come into lata dust so he seened me cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_12: the yunac sougt a mate come into lata dusk so he seemed me cling and laid low by faith in the book

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just ask tristion cameop to dte crouse he s lod sa fron his bat closeto e mowthed the ton whear it felling and i sawd ne more
	layer_4: just ask threstion came up to the crouse eslowe sleye from his bac clos to the mous of the tum were it felling and i sawt no more
	layer_6: just ask thristian came up to the crows he slowdisli from his back close to the mouts of the tomb where it felling and i saw it no more
	layer_8: just as thristian came up to the crous he slow sli from his back close to the mouths of the tomb where it fellin and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the kraus he slow slifd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the kraus he slow sliffd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stooe thousand weapt lo toree broigt aiscint him and one of them said hese peeeto the thow hask rish fron thiye sings
	layer_4: as he stood those and wept low three brightewons kam t him and one of themsaid hesepe to thee thou hasgrias from thy sings
	layer_6: as he stooed those in wept lo three brughtolece can to ham in one of them sad pe s peto thee thou hast gresed from thy sins
	layer_8: as he stood thuse and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them sad pece be to thee thou hat grase from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them sad peace be to thee thou hast graced from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast graced from thy scins

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tristion giv freleps forjal and sen as he went a hat ha plas us pis blast cros blest toon
	layer_4: tristian give free leaps for jo and sen as he went h whae a plays hisphis blast craws blest toone
	layer_6: thristian gave three laps for joi and sen as he went ah what a playse his pis blast craows blast tun
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joly and san as he went ah what a plays his tiss bla cras blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leavs for jol and san as he went ah what a plays is this blast cras blast tun
	layer_12: christian gave three leaves for jol and sang as he went ah what a plays is this blast cras blast tune

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he win taon this to he caim to a vea where h self re men who wrei a sonsleep wit chain son te a feet
	layer_4: he wentome this to he came to aveil where he softremen who warin a somsleep with chanson the wrfeet
	layer_6: he went tam thus to he came to a veol where his sot rymen who werein a sun sleep with chains on the ofeet
	layer_8: he went orm thus till he came to a vel where his softry men who were in a sum sleep with chains on dhe ofeet
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a vele where his sothery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the opete
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a vele where his sothery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the ofhite

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: criston sircs bens combyu and were to a ge
	layer_4: cuistan sirs len'e combu and wer ty the go
	layer_6: christian serce lens comie and where do a go
	layer_8: christian sers blen's comu and where do ago
	layer_10: christian sers bens combu and where do go
	layer_12: christian sers glens combeu and where do go

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: for mats and phoersye we wreboren inmg the mende flain lory and oarowno wat moun d ine for pras
	layer_4: for malised and popersy we reborn ing the land offaine lory and our own nou way to moun dine for pras
	layer_6: for maest and popracy we reborn in the landof pfaned lori and our ow nour way to mount dine for praise
	layer_8: for maest and hypocricy we reborn in the landaffain glory and our own our way to mount din for praise
	layer_10: for maddist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fainglory and our own our way to mount dian for praise
	layer_12: for maddist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fainglory and our own our way to mount din for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eou not tha he that coms noting that a door bhut clom sep to geting the sayme mas er thief
	layer_4: now you not that he that cams notin that a door but clamsep to getting the same mas a thief
	layer_6: know you not that he that comes not in that adoor but clamsep to getting the same as a thief
	layer_8: knowyou' not that he that comes not in tat adoor but clums up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_10: know yore not that he that comes not in at a door but clums up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: know yore not that he that comes not in at a door but clums up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the tll quistion that had nonly forcare on thestor for nong ewse have made low and theycould prowv dhaty hap bein solvr yeears
	layer_4: the told quistion that he had nonly forcare on thestor for long use havd madee law and they could prove thaty hapd been siver years
	layer_6: they told qhuistiand that he had knownly forcare on descor for long ws have made i law and they could prove thati havde been silver years
	layer_8: they told chistianed that he had knownle for care on descore for long yuhs have made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christiand that he had kno for care on descor for long years have made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christianed that he had knon for care on descor for long years have made a law and they could prove that it had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes sid thing no doteoet
	layer_4: yes said thing no dout ovid
	layer_6: yes said thing no dobt of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho rot et l pray what or thyot
	layer_4: and if we getting the grot at all pray what aure theod
	layer_6: and if we getting the groat at all pray what are ghiod
	layer_8: and if we getting the roat at all pray what are theod
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ods
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ods

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: snot oureccasusgou testrs
	layer_4: snot ourccase isgodtastyurs
	layer_6: s not our case as good es yours
	layer_8: 's not our case as good es yours
	layer_10: 's not our case as good s yours
	layer_12: s not our case as good s yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sal ve den that the  al ben toun to they cim te fuot evf the hear  of difcoty wayre they was asre
	layer_4: i saw den that theyol want onto they cim to the ft af the hear thof dificoty wheyer theye was aspre
	layer_6: i saw tden that they yar went onti they came to the food of the hear of difficoty wheere theye was a sprin
	layer_8: i saw then that theyya went on til they came to the fruot of the harl of difficouty wherre there was a sprem
	layer_10: i saw then that theyyall went on till they came to the fruit of the hee of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the frouit of the heer of difficulty where there was a spring

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wenquistion got as ps asprin o flove he trentopet and then went ofe he
	layer_4: now wen quistian gat as par as a sprin of flive he dren of it and then went ue he
	layer_6: now when quistian got as far as ta sprin of flive he dranko it and then wen tuth hul
	layer_8: now when qhristian got as far as the sprin of live he drank of it and then went uph hule
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hu
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hue

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now hap we ut was acae ma bydn dod of that h that thoswho came by mt rest fvher
	layer_4: now half weo was accave mand by dhen dord of that he that tho swho kame bye met rest vere
	layer_6: now half weup was occave made by the lord of that hug that those who came by mat restvere
	layer_8: now half wyup was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met raspere
	layer_10: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met restper
	layer_12: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hue that those who came by met restpere

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timerer sat that wing was e ho the mentor clm but that woen ly had got ha wy they foumn that they met with more and mordis so dat reed feri cimm on ton and o the coul do was totoro bap
	layer_4: timer sat that wing was be he they men to clog but that win ley had got halffvay they found that they met with more an morvus sol dat gred fier cim orn den and ol they could do was to trm bat
	layer_6: timorer sat that zai was tehu they men to clo but that widnly had got half way they found that they met with more and morrisk so dat great fear commondhen and all they coulddo was to trim bactk
	layer_8: timer sat that za was pehue they mean to clom but that windley had got half way they found that they met with more and morwisk sol that great fear cammonden and all they could do was to trin back
	layer_10: timmerers sat that zay was fe hue they mean to clo but that winley had got half way they found that they met with more and more wisk so that great fear cimonden and all they could do was to tn back
	layer_12: timmerers sat that zay was te hue they mean to clong but that winley had gote half way they found that they met with more and more wisk so that great fear cemonden and all they could do was to tin back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes said mistrrsd for  just in frontavus bere lay to betss of preain owr paufe woel new norti thesnept or  notd but we though that thebed forlerdacs andtrow ligs
	layer_4: yes said mistrurst for a cust in fromtevus beyrylay two beatsts of prain our pate wu new noti they s neptorw nod but we though that they would fallerdens endturou les
	layer_6: yes said mischust for chest in fronta us te lay two beatsts of prayn our path we knew not if they snaptronod but we thoaugh that they would fallewr enss and tyrou las
	layer_8: yes saidt hemisthrust for  chest in front of us the lay two beasts of prayn our path we knew not if they snapped ronad but we though that they would follow thes andtrour leams
	layer_10: yes said the mistrust for chest in front of us there lay two beasts of pray in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow thes and teer our lambs
	layer_12: yes said the mistrust for chest in front of us there lay two beasts of pray in our path we knew not if they snapped ronard but we thought that they would follow thes and teer our leabs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yed hei thought once more tha whalt he ha hored fon the man and then he fouting hiscot for hi sgrod that he mit reead an poncome pes
	layer_4: yed he thought once mored ewhat he had heared from the man and then he fouting his clout for his sgrowad that he moght raded in fini some pese
	layer_6: yet he thought once more h what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his cloat for his scrowd that he might readed in fine some pese
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his scrowbe that he might read it ind find some peace
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his croe that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his crode that he might read it and find some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: he sel freid but sound ti nok
	layer_4: he fel for id but soundte not
	layer_6: whe sfelt foreed but sound et not
	layer_8: he felt for it but sounded not
	layer_10: he felt for it but sound it not
	layer_12: he felt for it but sound it not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou dong on his nease to prae that god witd gfen gricfl bhisap and then when bat to looke forhi scrod
	layer_4: so he fell don on his kneese to pray that god woild gaf in grasfule bis apt and them when bat to look for hescrod
	layer_6: so he fell done on his knees to prayve that god would give him graceful bisact and then when back too luke for his crowbe
	layer_8: so he fell down on his knees to prayve that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luok for his crobe
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luke or his crobe
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him graceful this act and then went back to luk for his crobe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that ur n siin to slibeing the day time so a ga vi t o the flashus to use por eas that ret which lord of fahe hat made but for hel ith te son
	layer_4: ho for that ur en saiting to sliping the day timeso th ga fit to the flash as to use fore yese that reast which lord of fa he hap made but ford helt it the son
	layer_6: o four that i m said in to sliping the day time so thot gave voi to the flash as to use for yes that restwhich lorda fahue had made but ford hel at the son
	layer_8: o for that i am set in to sliping the day time so that givevwai to the flash as to use for yeas that rest which lord a fahue hate made but ford helph af the son
	layer_10: o for that i am sedi to slipin the day time so tat give way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord afehugh hath made but for help of the son
	layer_12: o for that i am set in to slipin the day time so that give way to the flesh as to use for yeas that rest which lord a fehugh hath made but for help ot the son

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: such was e love t ad the jus fore theirsing they were sint bhat id way bebrat see and iim made tria thor stapts with graeve which ing min have tro with jy had i not bee for thislee
	layer_4: souch was e loved ad the jues for their sein they were sent back bid way f the grat see and ie am made treyd thoe staps with greeve which i mon have trung with jy had i not bee for thisleev
	layer_6: such was tdelod at the jews for their sen they were sent back byd way of the grat sa and i am made tre those staps with griave which iman have trung with joy had id not been for thisleve
	layer_8: such was to loe at the jews for ther scen they were sent back by the way of the grat se and i am made trey those steps with grieve which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for thi leave
	layer_10: such was te lod at the jews for theyare scene they were sent back by the way of the gratsa and i am madet tred those steps with grieve which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for this leeve
	layer_12: such was te lod at the jews for theare scene they were sent back by the way of the grasse and i am made tread those steps with grieve which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for this leeve

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho farman i half being o my we by this tine
	layer_4: howfarmen i half obeing o my wet by this tine
	layer_6: how farman i have to being o my await by this time
	layer_8: how far an i have being on my waiy by this time
	layer_10: how farmand i hafo being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how farmand i hafo being on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now by vistome he had come to ta veo woncs more wher ere forspel he said din wemt bot at lnase as he cace set lans at fhot ovf the benge he sow hisor which he cald t with hased and put ingn his plok
	layer_4: now by thistime he had come to the va ence more whe ere forsepell he said dowing wapt but at lased as he cas  set lans ad food of the bench he saw hisr which he cauht et with hasd and pudding his clok
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the veule once more whereyere forespell he said daw inquaed but at last as he cast a set glensat a foot of the bench he saw his screw which she caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vel once more wher or fore spell he sat down nquamppet but at last as he castastet glance athe foot of the bench he saw hi sqrow which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the vel once more wher fore spell he sat down enquamped but at last as he cast a set glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scrow which he caught it with haste and putting his cloak
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vele once more where for spell he sat down enquamped but at last as he cast a set glance at the foot of the bench he saw his sqrow which he caught it with haste and put ing his cloak

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: wers art t we to tel tha jollyof cristion when he hat got bat he s wro
	layer_4: wors are to wek to tel the joy of christion when he had got ba his rod
	layer_6: wors are to wek to tell the joy of christian when he had got bact his row
	layer_8: wors are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roa
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his roe

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladeedu in the brost er his pot and ge thengks to gar
	layer_4: he ladedah in the brusdof his coad and gi thenks togard
	layer_6: he laid et ough in the brust of his coad and giv thanks to guard
	layer_8: he laid it off in the brust of his cod and give thanksto guard
	layer_10: he laid it off in the breast of his cod and give thanks to guad
	layer_12: he laid it off in the breast of his cod and give thanks to guad

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: woath whata lo stact tad he nowt clane the h
	layer_4: woith what a ligstapt tid he know clamnd ther h
	layer_6: with what a liht stap did he now clam the hu
	layer_8: with what a liheta did he now clamb the hue
	layer_10: with what a listak did he now clamb the hue
	layer_12: with what a listak did he now clamb the hue

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: ha hogh hen these bet sranting the nih for their proy and ifthay should met with men he doad holfted i flive fon ten
	layer_4: hah thogh hen these bethd srenging the night for their pry and if they should meet with meined  dard halstered i fliv fronm dhemn
	layer_6: ha thoughthe these beath srenging the night for their prey and if they should meet with mean dargd halshuld i fly from them
	layer_8: ha thought he these beatsrenging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me nd adard how should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beasts renging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dared how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beasts renging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and dard how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the neme of men who cept the loge of tha hous was woat folr and when he sotepristion mad  heald as if  he o goo bact hecam outo him hinsat is bis trien sosmoar
	layer_4: the name of the men who kept the lage of tha hous was watfor ad when he sau er pristion made heald as if he would go back he came out to haim an set is bistrien sos bor
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the large of their house was wat for and when he saw their phristian made a heard as if he would go bag he came out to haim in sat  is bys streng solr s more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the loge of their house was wat for and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back he came out tof him and sat  is fys strength soc more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodger of their house was wat for and when he saw their christian made a herd as if he would go back he came out tof him and sat i is fy strength sulsmore
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodge of their house was whath for and when he saw their christian made a hard as if he would go back he came out tof him and sat it is fr strength salsmore

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fere nods tbhe to wive beas for they are bon by chaings an or coot erido tite fa thof those bet hapiet and to fpynou dhos bet hat non
	layer_4: fer knord t f te do wie bese for they aere boun by chas in ar cutherede chriet a fath of those bat happet and to fi nowu those bet hath knong
	layer_6: fear nod the two wile beast for they are abound by chase ind our cult heri y tri ta faith of those bat habit and to find now those bet hath knong
	layer_8: feara naugt the two wild beasts for they are abound by chanse and ar put here e try th faithe of those bat habit and to find ou those bat hath non
	layer_10: fear naugt the two wild beasts for they are bound by chainse and are cut here to try the faithe of those bad habit and to find out those that hath non
	layer_12: fear naught the two wild beasts for they are bound by chainse and are cut here to try the faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath non

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: keep en the mistovf the pafh and low han shicontove
	layer_4: kip in the mistivfe the paf and no harm shir cometo ve
	layer_6: kep in the mister f the path and no harmsircometive
	layer_8: kip in the mister of the path and no harm shil come tev
	layer_10: kip en the mister of the path and no harm shall come te vie
	layer_12: kip en the mister of the path and no harm shall comb te vie

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sowwing my tr that s te he eent oning ray dread atf the wide bes e hear them gr it theyded to he kno harm but wohen he had gon by them he wentowith joy to he cam and stoin frond of te lod whaeared watfl god
	layer_4: the ni sawing my dreem that steaw he wbent on ing gray drad of the whid beast eheard them ra yet they ded to hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to hed came and stiling fron d of the ladwheared watch wal god
	layer_6: the nict sawwing my dream that stil he went on in grey dred of the wide beasts  heard them roar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by themn he went on with joy do he came and still hing front of the ladge whe hord watchful gord
	layer_8: the night saw ing my dream that stall he went on in grey dread of the wide beasts  heard them roar yet they did hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he ceme and stil in front of the lodge where a watchful gid
	layer_10: the night saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy to he came and stool in front of the lodge where hd watchful gide
	layer_12: the night saw in my dream that steel he went on in grey dread of the wild beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy ti he came and stool in front of the lodge where e watchful gide

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: proston si oat houste this mr rest here ta nid
	layer_4: pristian sir what houtit this mha res here to nihde
	layer_6: pritian sir what howse it this may resh here to nied
	layer_8: christian sir what house it this may a rest here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house it this may i rest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what house it this may i rest here tonight

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: whean wate foul todher wikequishtin hat tom ther she sad what a shor nane
	layer_4: when watche fo told her whikeuistion had tome ther she sad what is shur name
	layer_6: when watchfo told her why quistian had come there she said what isour name
	layer_8: when watchful told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchfold told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchfold told her why christian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencristion be dowi shed and when withem to hous
	layer_4: then christan ben dis head and when with im tot house
	layer_6: then christian bendays head and when with them toit house
	layer_8: then christian bent don ihs head and went with them to house
	layer_10: then christian bent down his head and went with thim to house
	layer_12: then christian bent down his head and went with thim to touse

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity con goo od cristn seem s ar lor promsers to tae hulin to rest thates togk with youa fore that shou haveseing on your way
	layer_4: hihty canme go od cristion seemnstar lo crompses to take heling to rest lat is talk with you afor that shou have seeng on your way
	layer_6: higety calm good christian seems t our loe crompses to take hilin to rest let us talk with you affor that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: higehty calm good christian seems tour love cromps us to take hai to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: highty calm good christian seems to our love crompts us to take hely to rest let us talk with you a for that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: highty calm good christian seems to our love crompts us to take hely to rest let us talk with you a for that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: curson with a ride go wo and i im blat that shoer should asket o me
	layer_4: chision with a rid goot oe and i imglad that she should asket of bme
	layer_6: chisian with a riht good re and i am glad that she should askit of me
	layer_8: christian with a right good bwu and ii am glad that she should ask it of me
	layer_10: christian with a riht good bu and i am glad that she should ask it of me
	layer_12: christian with a rit good bu and i am glad that she should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: trubeims and firs say wates ive that masioul wishtil mucht good man time
	layer_4: trudans and first say whatisie that matsoul wishtill much t god momg time
	layer_6: prudencs and first say what is if that may should wish till much godo mon ian
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is it that makshou wish till much togo to montaian
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is it that mashe wish to much to go to montaion
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is it that makshe wish to much to go to montaion

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: there they say is no death and the re i sha do with such us not dhe lorg
	layer_4: there they say is no death and the are i shule do with such ast love de lord
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i shall do with such ast love dlord
	layer_8: there they say its no death and there i shall do with such as love de lord
	layer_10: there they say it's no death and there i shall d with such as love de lord
	layer_12: there they say it's no death and there i shall d with such as love de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: chartin hae beur wiecen bavs coisio hye is iw havve
	layer_4: charety have your whike and base trisu hyeas i halv
	layer_6: charty have you a wie and bas trisiuy heas ar have
	layer_8: charity have you a wife and baes trisiu yes ar have
	layer_10: charity have you a wife and baves trisui yes i have
	layer_12: charity have you a wife and baves trisui yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chareting the wini ou not rein themn with you
	layer_4: chariting te winit you not bring themn with you
	layer_6: chariting le winit yu not brin them with you
	layer_8: charoting le winads you not bring them with you
	layer_10: charity le wine as you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charity le wine a you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: tu they would not com with me nor hae med lison
	layer_4: tut tey would no come with me nor havf me  leason
	layer_6: but they would now come with me nor hav me lison
	layer_8: but they would now come with me nor have melisen
	layer_10: but they would now come with me nor have me lisen
	layer_12: but they would now come with me nor have me lisen

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thoust it pustion tock with this pranstuit roam dag and then hed too his resst ing large ron te nang o wich wast peas there he slact to eowld breatk of day and then he sami hin
	layer_4: thost id pistion talck with his frianstudit room dag and then he too his presst in large roon the name o which wash pease there heslapped t  ud break of day and then he san a hem
	layer_6: thus dit quistian talk with his frians tulit room darg and then he too his rest in large room the name of which was pieace there he slapped to yououd break o day and then he san ahine
	layer_8: thus did qhistian talk with his friends tudic groom darg and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which wash peace there he slapped to you ould break a day and then he santaheen
	layer_10: thus did christian talk with his friends tudit groom dark and then he took his brest in a large room the name of which wash pieace there he slapped to you ould break a day and then he saint ahim
	layer_12: thus did christian talk with his friends tudic groom dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which wash pieace there he slapped tol you would break af day and then he saint ahim

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brought out he jown bon of in ask with which senson dis such brefeies and the sleing and stoon with which dabir solu gody ot of tath
	layer_4: and they brought out a jon bone of en as with which sensondi such reyfiese and the sleaing and ston with which dab i slew gady oth of dath
	layer_6: and they brought out a jahn bone of an as with which sensind is such brayphees and the slein and stone with which davitsle galiath of dath
	layer_8: and they brought out a jon bone of an assk with which ensond i such gbray fees and the slin and stone with which davislew galiath of daf
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which senson id such gray fees and the slin and stone with which davr slew galiath of taf
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which senson did such gray fees and the slan and stone with which daver slew galiath of taf

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: was thn temgm of thi s len se ricton
	layer_4: waisten dame of this len set cricn
	layer_6: waisdthe dame of this lan saitd crician
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said richan
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said crichan
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said crichan

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldim it was im manus land
	layer_4: then the toldhim it was immanus lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was sem manius land
	layer_8: then they told him it was simmaniousland
	layer_10: then they told him it was simanusland
	layer_12: then they told him it was simanusland

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when soro ma com to the britist without casing any great sensivincongrouty whern with impressible persons love becoms sinustursness hop sings to mis giving and fath to hope when thexacie af memory does not stur feedings of regreats ad opportunities fo anbition that have ben past by and and tisepation doas not prompt to en erpris
	layer_4: it was anight when sorrow maye come to the brightist without causing any greate sens of in congrity whern with imprescible persons love becomes silisstursness hope sinksto miss giving and faith to hope when texaecie of memory does not stir feedings of regret ad oppertunities for ambition that have been passed by and and tisipation does not prompet to enterprize
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightist without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solcistorsness hope sings to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret ad opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_8: it was a knight when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicustousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when th exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a clos observer they or just as porceptable the differenceis that their meediar of manif estation a lesst tright and formiliar thand such well ntho ones as thee busting of the bods aol the forl of the lief
	layer_4: still to adcloseobserver they are just us perceptible the diferences that their mediar of manyfhestation ar less triht and farmilia than such well tome ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the lief
	layer_6: still two aclose observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediar of manifestation are less triht and familia than such well nowme ones as the bursting of the bods or the fall of the lieaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medioar of manifestation are less tright and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medio of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medio of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: heven ifthin could be dark of than the sky it was the wal and ev en ifthin could bed glemiar than the wall it was the rivo bneeth
	layer_4: ev enythin could be dark of than the sky it was the wall and ive anythink could be glumiar than the wall it was the river baneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: an indis cribable succession of doul blos peplecing in their regularity sent thir sound with difficlty thrugh the fluthy appasfhie
	layer_4: and indiscribable succession of doll blos perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the flufhy aposphar
	layer_6: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apposphee
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy appmosphere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atpmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not l after a formant mooveed by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not l after ar form at moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not log after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was al that was possit ovf ly discoverable though t seemed human
	layer_4: this was all that was possitif ly discoverable theg it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape wente slowly arlon but without much exersion for the snow thog suden bas not is yet moe than two inches deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly along but without much exersion for the snow though sudden as not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words was spoken aloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: two three
	layer_4: two three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: four fiee
	layer_4: fo fie
	layer_6: four five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: buetween each uterance the dittle shape atd vancst about half id us nne ards
	layer_4: be tween each utterance the dittle shape advanct about half idoas yards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half rdozenyards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he ethe spot stopet andwindled smorler
	layer_4: he rether spot stopped and dwinled smallar
	layer_6: he hre ther spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_8: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then amosstl of sno flew acrosstherever to wards the fifth th windeow
	layer_4: then a morsal of snow flew across the rever towards the fiftft window
	layer_6: then a morcel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a morssel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morusel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a mousel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have been seen by day t be ofthata deep smoth sougt which races middleansies with the same dligting precision an hy irigularitis of speeed beng immegetcorrected bysmal wolple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to pe of that a deep smooth sougt which races middleand sides with the same ligding procision an he irigularities of speed being im meditlicorected by small woalple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middleand sides with the same dliding procision any irrigularities of speed being imeditely corrected by a small worlple
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpol
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small wirlpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the wino was strock agae in the same maner
	layer_4: the winnevwere struck a gane in the same manne
	layer_6: the windowvwer struck a gain in the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck again in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anois was heard aparcla produsd by the oenye fthe window
	layer_4: then anoyse was herd a paricly produced by the openy of the window
	layer_6: then a oise was heard apparically produced by the openy of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard apparetally produced by the openng of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the openig of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blord spottin the snow riilursly
	layer_4: said the blird spot in the snow tremilessly
	layer_6: said the bloird spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_8: said the blurd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blid spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blid spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i as which was your window forgive me
	layer_4: i aspech was your window forgive me
	layer_6: i askdbech was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i asked et was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i asked it was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i asked it twas your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whane i said the ou might
	layer_4: when i said that yu might
	layer_6: when i said that youm might
	layer_8: when i said that you might
	layer_10: wheln i said that you might
	layer_12: when i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: ho musti it is when shall we be married friank
	layer_4: o musti it is when shall be be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have  mony
	layer_4: i have money
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: and be live in two parshes doe what then
	layer_4: and we levein two parashes doy what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do e what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sid solf caose i wil
	layer_4: if i sit sof cause i will
	layer_6: if i sit solf course i will
	layer_8: if i said so f course i will
	layer_10: if i said so course i will
	layer_12: if i said so course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fectis i forgot to ask
	layer_6: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could ni've frik god night
	layer_4: god nipe frak god night
	layer_6: good nighe frek good night
	layer_8: good night frak good night
	layer_10: good night frak good night
	layer_12: good night frak good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapenothing seriou shatd hapent to drake her out at such an untoward time
	layer_4: he hapes nothing serious had happenet to dreake her out ad such an untoward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreak her out at such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreag her out at such an unteoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but as tha rain gave not the least sine of sessation he abserved i thinkt we hal have to goback never
	layer_4: but as the rayn gave not the theast signe of sessation he observed i think we shalhave to goback never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the teast sign of sessation he observed i think we shalhave to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of censsation he observed i think we shallhave to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall hve to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: wnot hencard
	layer_4: wy not hen cart
	layer_6: bhy not hincart
	layer_8: why not hincart
	layer_10: why not hincard
	layer_12: why not hincard

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot on te stand how ou should noa me whale i have now non igt of iou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should no me while i have now onitge af you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: but you know me about me ateleast
	layer_4: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_6: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: o but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: it ould think so
	layer_4: i ould think so
	layer_6: hi sould hink so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: hese my father indeed
	layer_4: hes my father indeed
	layer_6: he'is my father indeed
	layer_8: he is my father indeed
	layer_10: he is my father indeed
	layer_12: he is my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we hve beentennunts of sil vanyar casl on the alend har the sison
	layer_4: but we hae been tenante of silvaniar castle on the alend her this cason
	layer_6: but we have been tenants of silvania catle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvenia castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my fa thes isusshicomparrklyf thy humble risitdan'ehard by
	layer_4: my fathers isas sa comparacul ive thy humble risident e hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is is sicomparical ively a humble residencs hard by
	layer_8: my father's is as sa compariclively humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my father's is as a compariclively humble residance hard by
	layer_12: my father's is as a comparicively humble residance hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he gould o fourht o much bek a won if he chos
	layer_4: but he cgood a fort af much bick a one if he chos
	layer_6: but he could affourt a much bicke one if he chows
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bicer one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bigker one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bigker one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you hhd si
	layer_4: you'vehatsa
	layer_6: you'hve hard sa
	layer_8: you have hard so
	layer_10: you have hard sir
	layer_12: you have hard sir

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i doe now he dest'teom y much of his a  hairs
	layer_4: i don't know he dusnt tel me much of his oaffairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she berst out suddny is aways scotyng me for ykestravigaance
	layer_4: my father she burst out suddenly is alwayscoldyn me for my etravigance
	layer_6: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: was that thisevening
	layer_4: was that thes evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: ther on the nets they sat
	layer_4: there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_8: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: and there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: jusl in fort et strange that he shul be hfrom by fatein to rposition to play the sun of te mont oguse to this daughter of the capidats
	layer_4: justl inhogt it strange at that he should be throme by fate into a position to play the son of them ont aguese to this daughter of the capidites
	layer_6: joctlin thougt it strange that he shuld be thrown by fate into a position to play the sun of them monteguese to this daughter of the capitits
	layer_8: joseleine thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidats
	layer_10: joscelin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capiditz
	layer_12: joscelyin thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagus to this daughter of the capiditz

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: nho i sholl go on and get ar loging in bu oth tiwn if ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get a loging in bu ath tiwn if ever ireach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bubeth tin if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in babeth town ifever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so latof the thet wlre en or hus open accep tor little placetyare therstation we you wont kartor stay
	layer_4: it is so late of tha that wll ben no house open accep to little placetne a the station wie you won't care to stay
	layer_6: it is so lateof he that will be now house open eccept a little place nea ther station wil you won't a care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late that there will be no house open ecept a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the eisland as an eislend stil
	layer_4: the iland as an island still
	layer_6: the island was an island still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had nont renized the fors of the animence toil now
	layer_4: they had not renlis the forse of the enements til now
	layer_6: they had not reaized the force of the enoments till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the enements till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he sted ed her bodily by insurctling her wast with his arng and she made no rbjection
	layer_4: he seded her bodirly by incirckling her wast with his arm and she made no o bjection
	layer_6: he stided her bodily by incircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he stited her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he stitded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he stitded her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pititer and wil he ondtedatet ad mard her determination
	layer_4: he pitither and while he wonded ated ad mard her determination
	layer_6: he pit id her and while he wanded at it admard her determination
	layer_8: he pit id her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: ther application for atmission le tes to the with groar of a boalt and they stood withim the gaslit of te passage
	layer_4: theire application for amission lead  to the with dral of aboat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for a mission led to the withdrawl of a boalt and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawl of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now the though she was such a figne figer quit ars talars himself she was but in the bloom of young woman hoord
	layer_4: he could see now that though she was such a fine figar quit as tall es himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall ars himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i welre ti the selvant to do thisend sen you ups on thy deeat
	layer_4: i will til the serveant to do this an cend you ups on the doeeat
	layer_6: i will tell the servant to do this and send youups on the do eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you upson the to at
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up somethin to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt ravin ust lhey hungrey himself and sed about dryng his clo thasas willas he could and eateing ot the same time
	layer_4: he felt ravenusly hungrey himself and seit about drying his cloh thasas wellas he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothetas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ade ofr some tempererapson someslipers from the cobrd he was condtrived to make himself comfortable when the made serlv anet camedownstairs whit thae damp amfol of woman's rament
	layer_4: by the aid of some tempry arapsand some slippers from the cuberd he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the made serveand camed onstairs with a damp armful of woman's rament
	layer_6: by the aid of some temporary raps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some tempory wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maidservant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maidservant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: you wa stleap hi my gel said pisson
	layer_4: you ale slep hi my go said pierson
	layer_6: you arl sleep hi my gar said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep hi my ga said pieerson
	layer_10: you will sleepy my gal said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleepy my gal said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he eu game becan conscirus of the chain whic to ben in ashiated jon the bak
	layer_4: he a gane became conscious of the chained hich to been initiated join the balk
	layer_6: he agained became conscious of the chainge which had been initiated joing the walk
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the chainge which had been initiated duing the warlk
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the well belovid was movi hose had gon ever to the war of this atiar
	layer_4: the well beloveid was moving house had gone over to the wearor of this atar
	layer_6: the worll beloved was moving house had gone over to the warer of this atire
	layer_8: the werll beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and i how bout itt l eve his caro
	layer_4: and how bout ittle eve his carrow
	layer_6: and how about little eve his carrow
	layer_8: and how about little hevhy's carrow
	layer_10: and how about little evy's carrow
	layer_12: and how about little ev's carrow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange themselves
	layer_4: things arrange themselves
	layer_6: things arange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the cantics neve a gave way an nge
	layer_4: but the cantice never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the countiss never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the countess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the ansar wic she returnd sao the no te ritcen to her by ad juliar
	layer_4: the following was the answer which she returned sof the noto ritten to her by artijulia
	layer_6: the following was the answer wich she returned sto the note written to her by aurt julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shoad on't kor har ded grink wim withem and shoud do ar hunderef things whec tou make themthing me ar beast
	layer_4: i shoul not know had a drink wime with hem and shed do a hundr a things whiceh woud make them think me a beast
	layer_6: i should not know how to drink wine with them and she do a hundrd f things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shoauld not know how to drink wine with them and shu do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shald not know how to drink wine with them and shuld do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shald not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: buot the gar bat for some to day
	layer_4: but the girl bage for some to day
	layer_6: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_8: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_10: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_12: but the girl begged for sume to day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: it was a mat of the requard to be considerd
	layer_4: it was a mat of the trequidt to be considered
	layer_6: it was a mat of thet trequired to be considered
	layer_8: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prid en him myght us wek as prid in then
	layer_4: pride in him might be as week as pried in then
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as prite in then
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pright an then
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as prihe in then
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in then

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: iv the wir put out their hans to him why should e rofuse to put hiu dhis on
	layer_4: e her were put out their hands to him why should he refused to put ho hisown
	layer_6: if the werel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put ou his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: arttadar received him courtiusly handhe learned to like the man and destaniyg that hie had behaed with honesty and wisdo inregard to his cland andrespecting im as oneof the work as of the day but he de clard that for thelovle faminy as a family he did not carlefor thempaoticuly
	layer_4: oar tala received him courtieusly had ig learned to like the man undestaning that hel had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his cland and respectinghim as one of the workes of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for themparticully
	layer_6: artailor received him courteously hading learned to like the man understanding that he he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particully
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that h had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: te r pols tha sande fror me he said
	layer_4: they ar poules a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are poles a sander from me he said
	layer_8: theye arepoles a sander from me he said
	layer_10: they ar pols a sander from me he said
	layer_12: they a polls a sander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but byyor good fortun a merid ivf you l alame to say sa you have trveo from the one pol tvery fartoal s y other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun a merit if you will alamy to say so you have trave from the one pol very far towaldse other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ae merit if you will allowr me to say say you have travele from the one pole very far towards th other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune an merit ife you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a preasond i thict thof the cends of the countries in favur of an aristocrsy of bergh
	layer_4: present i think thef the sense of the countries in favour of an arestocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think that the sense of the countrie s in favour of an aristocracy of berth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when you erfor mostamonglem did you not wish to be heir master
	layer_4: when you wer for mostamong them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_6: when you were for most among them di do not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were formost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: it is an to it uual leg asitsive an a humen efrt shuold and mast tend
	layer_4: hit is one to bitu ligucitive an ol human eforts should and must tend
	layer_6: i is one to withjel legicitive and all human eforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which all legisative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: wen you mate much wat o boilmis of fate so thait ble probegly billover
	layer_4: when you make much wat of boi loe mister fate sa it wile probably bial over
	layer_6: when you make much wate boio mister threte some o vit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister thrat some of it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thrae some of it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister thrate some of it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quiht at grevwith you that the syl gand shol be kep for their elders and sai the covsation was ended
	layer_4: i quite a gree with you that the silltgan shul be kept for their eilders and say the confisation was ended
	layer_6: i quite agree with you that the silk gans huld be kept for their ilders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_8: ai quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gans should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her the was a re alwish thatf the pols mip bejoind to gether by haf ou to husband
	layer_4: with her there was a reaol wish that the polese mighp bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hiv you reale bish id you s go he said
	layer_4: if you readly wish i you shaw go he said
	layer_6: if you realy wishin you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you really wishi you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you really wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and a blew one to te mbardin hut as me
	layer_4: and a blue one to be mridin hus ask me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be marridin hut asked me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be marriedin u aske me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be married in ha ask me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in ha as me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: mustive a pink sil goun to wak about in ari inthemorning
	layer_4: must  have a pink silt gownd to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i sonos eev dand my worst hid s tocking this weetheart
	layer_4: a soonassev dawned my worst in stolcking he sweet heart
	layer_6: i soon ass yo'ved dawned my worstin stocking he sweet heart
	layer_8: a soon as you've darned my worste stocking the sweet heart
	layer_10: as soon as you darned my worsted stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: as soon as you darned my worsted stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coand do th hattoo
	layer_4: i coan do dh had to
	layer_6: i can doth hat too
	layer_8: i can doth hat to
	layer_10: i can dooththat to
	layer_12: i can dooththat to

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnow all sit town n rihaletti the my lod
	layer_4: an ow ill sit down an rita letet o my lord
	layer_6: and now ill sit down and rit a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she dras close anda sat his fis
	layer_4: she draws cloe and sat his fise
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget misus pinovean's eys ther he remembut nothing of her other faciall detells
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin oven's eyes theg he remembere nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pine avan's eyes thaugh he remembered nothing of her other facial deteils
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other fatial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: aftewad s they ckept upart awill in the droing room for form sake but hventsuulyg gravirtatedt togevhir a gaine and finish the evening anyeach other's compirny
	layer_4: afterwards they kept a part awil in the drawing room for form sake but haventully gravitateds together again and finish the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawingroom for formsake but eventually gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawingroom for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for forms sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but this wast not all
	layer_4: but this was not all
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wose able
	layer_4: but was e able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was un firetogove ferther with out teltingher even thou it the two such expicetnics had not ben abcidutclydemanded
	layer_4: it was unfaire to gov further without telling her even though hi the two such explicitnise had not ben absilutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to gove further without telling her even though hithertwo such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he dtrmente toe colimeatily on the new incanation
	layer_4: he determints to call imeatetely on the knew incanation
	layer_6: he determins to call imeditely on the new incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she dive not far from the long fashonable hemptan thu square and he went ther therg with expectations of having a highdy amotional time atleast
	layer_4: she lived not far from the long fashionable hemptin shu square and he went the therh with expectations of having a highdy amotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashonable hamptonchar square and he went ththerh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonsha square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshere square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshere square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some ow the vat y belpl seeme co all thogh she had ser urns tey ast ime to cone
	layer_4: but some hou the very belpl seemed col although she had ser ernersthy aske him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very belpole seemed coal although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpool seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bell pool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bell pool seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: razing her eyes and a slightly inqarring man of from te bookshe has reading she lenta backin hear chaire as if soking her self in luxordous sensations which had nothig to do with him and replieded o his greeating with a few comemn place words
	layer_4: rasing her eyes and a slightly inquairing man er from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in lucx yeordious sensations which had nothing to do with him and repliedto his greeting with a few common place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justhos they turn the dearr inte porghtod the space of a singal night sai this old ir as beentaken anddoctorden tristed about om braght iotrs ar new popilar dity indeed
	layer_4: justes they turn ba dearar intor pourt in the space of a single night soi this old air has been taken and doctord an tristed about am brught ioutas ae new popila dity inded
	layer_6: justas they turn madera interport in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctord and tristed about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_8: justas they turn madera inter port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctord and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn medeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thougd alittle and tin ther wene ton to tok abo t her huse whicha be neulypented and decorated with grenigh blee satin up t o the height of ar persence ed and aroange men that someort him proved ter sligtly faded thos till prety face and as helped by the arnings ever the windows
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they wene t on to tolk about her house which have bee newdy painted and decorated with greenish ble satin up to the height of a persance ead and arangement that somewht improved her slihtly faded those till pritty face and as helped by the ornings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which havd been newly painted and decorated with greenish ble satin up to the height of a person's ead an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and as helped by the ornings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue sat in up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awrnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's hed an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: hers sihve had my haws somemyars shepbserved complacently and ir l i eud betor ever er
	layer_4: s  have had my hos some yars she bserved complecently and i like ould better ever year
	layer_6: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like u better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: dont you feld le n in it sometimes o never
	layer_4: don't you feeld le nein it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: don't you feeld laene in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel leny in it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel levny in it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel levny in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: whot ar an sivil thing to say she mrbed ins urpprice
	layer_4: what an unscivil thing to say she murbitd in surprise
	layer_6: what an uncivil thing to say she murbered in surprise
	layer_8: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it his rothransivil
	layer_4: it is ratherancivil
	layer_6: it is rather ansivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as ua punishmant she did not ring the bell but theften to fint his way ort as he couuld
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left in to find his way aurt as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left himto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i so hm at laty chen oclive seothe night
	layer_4: i saw im at lady chennolclifef ce other night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chunnele clifse other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady chunnel clifsye other night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady channel cliffshy other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady chunnel cliffshy other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: jusidl inprst in
	layer_4: jusil impersedon
	layer_6: josilin pierston
	layer_8: joselin perston
	layer_10: jocelin prston
	layer_12: jocelyn perston

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o did'te mary her
	layer_4: o didn'te mary her
	layer_6: oh didn't e marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sid misus pinevernm with the start
	layer_4: sit missued pin oven with a start
	layer_6: sid missus pinovpen with a start
	layer_8: said missus pineopen with a start
	layer_10: said missus pinapen with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineapen with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhet juslem as receeding fom the prety wides house with long stries
	layer_4: but jostlem was receeding from the pritty wid as house with long strits
	layer_6: but jostlim was receding from the pretty widows house with long strides
	layer_8: but joselymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but joscelymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joscelymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lhedhy aris sad left the droing rom fromomento to see that al was right in the daning rom a en he was shuornion therst eod a lon in the lamblight necalupinaveenm
	layer_4: lealy ari shad lefto the droine room from moment to see that alwas right in the dining rom and hen he was shurnion therstod alone in the lamblight nicole u pin evhen
	layer_6: lalyaris had left o the drawing room fra moment to see that al was right in the dining rom and when he was sherneon there stod alone in the lamblight nickhol ar pine aven
	layer_8: ladly aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining rom and when he was chenyin there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine even
	layer_10: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cherniin there stood alone in the lamplight nichollapine aven
	layer_12: lady aris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chernion there stood alone in the lamplight nicholapine aeven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the farst a rivel
	layer_4: she had been the first arival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he ovthr gueststrocetin the pr retreated into a shady corner and she taked besid him til al moved of for the eating and grinking
	layer_4: as he otergueststroppedin the par retrated into a shady cornor and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other guestsdropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not ben appoinded to take r acrosst o the daning rom but f the table fand her exactly opercit
	layer_4: he had not ben appointed to takeher across to the dining room but a the table fand her exactly oppecit
	layer_6: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present cace was the artistic commindation  she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: the edhy un' dosinincs left whife of r lord o just his of of appel was in like mannar toking to herc om pan on on the oto side so that for the time he was lef to to himself
	layer_4: the ledy on jostolin's left wife of a law to justhice of of appeal was in like manner talking to herkcom panin on the outeside so that for the time he was left to to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostonenc's left wife of a lawd  justiceof of apeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on josselyn's left wife of a laorwd justicef of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on joscelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on joscelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came from the wife f orf one of his fathars form a workmen and wus condsernning hers sun whom she baedo juslintereckamman as coundid its for some posd in ton tha she wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife orf one of his fathrs forma workman and was concrning her son whom she beged justlinto recommand as counded its for some post in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife o one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she beged jostlin to recommendas counded it for some post in ton that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joseline to recommend as caundidits for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joselin to recommend as candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged josselyn to recommend as candidates for some post in town that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what is net sury to the comqleanuss of the sday at this stage isnot toa ry capedtho lightd but o take up some of thei lose ands of thethrans whio wenhing and followed than d hroe an to the cler and comperehens tho picture of the vans canby saig
	layer_4: what is necessery to the compleanes of the stry at this sdage is not to ry capiedto laht but to take up some of the lose ands of te thrancs weo venine and followed than throu unto the cleare and comprehens tie picture of the vens cam be sing
	layer_6: what is necessarye to the complenuss of the stary at this stage is noto re capitilate bat to take up some of the loose ends of t thracs wo vrening and followed them throug unti the clear and comprehensehe picture of the vens can be sing
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the stary at this stage is not to recapitulate tat to take up some of the loose ends of t e threatst woraning and followd them through until the clear and comprehensthe picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completness of the stay at this stage is not to re capitulate bat to take up some of the loose ends of the threats woenning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completness of the stay at this stage is not to recapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threats woenning and followed them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way of they venter his heard
	layer_4: the way o thyven or his hard
	layer_6: the way of th nvent tor his hard
	layer_8: the wa of the inventor is hard
	layer_10: the wa of the inventor is hard
	layer_12: the way of the inventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometims ris cabito to halp him the working ot his crode conaptions bud in whe then it is forekqne down at i hisress fe cosed a persmosaander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes hr s cabito to halp him e working ot his crewd concaptions but en then it is fre cne done ant it istressfo coshed a persomos arander
	layer_6: he can sometimes ereis cabitivd to help him hen working out his crude conceptions but i then it is freequnli done ant at is tressfucushed a personalscerrander
	layer_8: he can sometimes were is cabitav to help him en working out his crude conceptions but if then it is frequntly done and a distressflcost a personal surrander
	layer_10: he can sometimes wr his capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but ev then it is frequently done and a distressful coht a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes rar his capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but eve then it is frequently done and a distressful cacht a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: wen he esout is a chieved the avenshimaks  its the pai ond the score of  conmy ao manteari ou off efferd and then labwere olen awaids with crusing in to ranycuas spirit dismashed theg appawius of fhor bit is var us
	layer_4: when the resout is a chieved the eventhimaxes its the pale ond the schoore of e conomy ometeori ou off effored and then labore of en awaites with crushing into ranni co spirite dismashed the appaadus of forbitits very use
	layer_6: when the resout is achieved the eventhamikes its ae pal on the score of economy af motiori a of efford and then laber ofpen e wats with crushing in toranico spirit dismashed the apaauss of forbi its very use
	layer_8: when the resout is achieved the iventiimixs its appeail on the score of economy a mateoria a off fford and then labor ofpenwades with crushing and tyranico spirit dismatched the apaadus o forbid its very use
	layer_10: when the resout is achieved the inventionr mix its appeal on the score of economy a maturia  of fford and then labor of enwades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the appaadus or forbid its very use
	layer_12: when the resout is achieved the inventior mix its appeal on the score of economy a maturia  of efford and then labor of ten wades with crushing and tyrannico spirit dismatched the appadadus or forbid its very use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: paosbilly orenation o otosom as woele vauding the vention the seking be higha god it somechack
	layer_4: posibilly ale enation a optozm as wered vauding the vension the seking behighagood nit some chack
	layer_6: possibily ouranationar optism as werervuting the vention the seeking behigh a good anit some chack
	layer_8: possibily aura nationaoptism as previeting the vention the seeking behigh good and it some chack
	layer_10: possibly aru nationa optism as reviwding the vension the seeking behi good an it some check
	layer_12: possibly aura nationa optism as revieeding the vension the seeking behi good and nit some check

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: phasivlly the littes woe trabue two fast and two far on ther ro to hrfaction avf conso e ison dinot als of plaie si ludrypart aing incisting tht the procession of forowed asa ho
	layer_4: posivlly the litus would traee two fast and two far on thei rote of reffaction ife consevitiseme dinot als of plaeds soludry part aninsisting that the prcessio o forwed acaho
	layer_6: posibaly the littus would travel too fast ind two far on the rotetof orfaction if consuvitizin did not also playe solutary part an insisting that the procession moe forward acaho
	layer_8: posibilly the lidders would travel too fast and too far on the rowde of ofection if consevidizen did not also playe salutary part an insisting that the procession move forward assaho
	layer_10: possibly the lidtes would travel too fast and too far on the road tof profection if conselvitizen did not also playt salutory part an insisting that the procession moved forward assaho
	layer_12: possibly the lidtes would travel too fast and too far on the road tof prefection if conselvitizen did not also play t salutory part in insisting that the procession moved forward assaho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on c contary the condertions for ith afcepctons haw bn ragthothe faskt
	layer_4: on acconsery the condetions for oth afceptions hav beeg right  fasd
	layer_6: on a consary the condertions for ith eceptions hav beng righten fast
	layer_8: on e contrary the condertions for it ecceptions have beeng righten fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the condertions for its ecceptions have been rightened fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the condertions for its ecceptions have been rihtened fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yads the verybogir of they lactrik ardlighte made harrt the urrible of thr incondessend
	layer_4: yat the very bogoo of the lactryc ardlight made harror the rible of the incondessond
	layer_6: ye the very bogo of the elatric artlight made harrer the arrible of the incondessened
	layer_8: yet the very bogo of the elatric artlight made horror the arrival of the incandesstent
	layer_10: yet the very bogo of the elactric art light made horrior the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_12: yet the very bogo of the elactric art light made horrior the arrival of the incandescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number o pharand arklin compins or a in inistanc and a greatimanyloke acomis habing cird intoting oundefien shie for commur shl bisiness an t excetute ragulacitti contracts for  street line
	layer_4: anumber o parant arclinin compans wor  ing enxcistanse and a great amany loe comenis hadbeeng cald intophing onder friendshyese for comer shoubusiness and to exectute ragulaciticontracts fro n street lini
	layer_6: a number of parent arclining compance wer in insistence and a great many locl comness havdbeen ciled into bing under friendshice for comer choubusiness and to execude ragulucitic contracts fron streeht lining
	layer_8: a number of parent arcklining compants wor in inxistence and a great many localcomonis havd been ciled into ping under frenchise for commercia business and to execute regula cityc contracts from t street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arclining companis or an existence and a great many local comoanies had been ciled into beng under frenhis for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts from street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arclining companies or in existence and a great many local comandies hade been ciled into being under frenhis for commercial business and to execute regular city countracts from street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thuas and the curis mener they mo knoart of oalac tre lin was ing of verageo sans evead agaans esself with intouns rveries and jealices which swere e no the las ral thecause they were byt tempery an decurdingth fout where utim euning of the forse wors in aptable
	layer_4: thus and the cures menerd they mo nart of elac trylining warsing af verigehoe sanse evied againsis self with intince reberies and jealases which were non the lass real thecaussed they were byut tempery and occurding e fout where outmat ouning of the force wors inaftable
	layer_6: thus and he churos manerd the mae nard of elactry lining worsing a variage wo sence divied against hiself with intimes reberies and jealouses which were none theless real becaust they were butemporary and occurrding thout where autimate uning of the force wers inapftaible
	layer_8: thus and the churous mannered the monard of luctory lihning waresin a veriyae thoucens divied against hisself with intims reveries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurrdingthat where autimate euning of the force was inepitable
	layer_10: thus and nocurous manner the modrnard of luctory lighting wae sen a very true sence divided against itself with in times rebberies and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and eccurding that where ultimate euening of the force was inevitable
	layer_12: thus and nocurous manner the modernard of luctory lighting wase sen a very true sence divided against itself with intimes reberies and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and eccurding that where ultimate euening of the force was inevitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hans tweny yers af ter the first avisin station weres staflished the matheird s tey in voved could be faillycrotet with no lustan six yseven presend
	layer_4: hands twenty years afte the first aticenistation were staplished the mat theird s tey invoved could be faily cradet with no lestan six y seven prescend
	layer_6: hance twenty years after the first adisenistation werestaplished the matthirds tay invoved could be faily crowd id with no less thand sixty seven perescene
	layer_8: hencs twenty years after the first adeson station wer established the methirds tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per s end
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first edison station were established the methords stay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first edison station were established the methords tay involved could be fairly creded with no less than sixty seven per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it ll be wradly unastoe thoad iwnder thes conditions the mard linting homepu suppulise to wids customeas bouhth incon desend and arglining freuanly from the same di naml iluct trak mashe nary as as swors oe carend and thou the o fod aspbe tonh they ri was istons hast id ad
	layer_4: it will be radly undesto that onder these conditions the mad lining compy supplised o ids customres bouth incondusoned and arclining freqrenly from the same dinamol eluctrik machinary aces surs of carrened and thout the o fod asbetun they rie was istance hasd ied at
	layer_6: it will be radly understo that onder these conditions the modlighting compy suppliesd howits customoist both incandecened and ark lining frequently from the same dinamel eluctrik machinary as ha surs are currind and thou the oe food as beton the rive lasistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be readly understood that ul under these conditions the mod lighning company supplies toeds customers both incandastened and arklining frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery asusurs of current and thou the o food ask beteen the rivbassistance has died ad
	layer_10: it will be rediley understood that u under these conditions the mod ligning company supplies to is customers both incandescent and arch lining frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery asesurs of current and thou the od food ase betwen the rivbal a sistance has died at
	layer_12: it will be rediley understood that i under these conditions the mod ligning company supplies to is customers both incandescent and arc lining frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery asesurs of current and thou the old food as between the rival assistance has died at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in tfact for some years past ther rhusidence of thet nacio now yulattrike ihd e sosiation happeeng schoson o mos exs cuoseiveuly forom themon the maniagres hof the gread ata snd lind ing combters in the ladin sidics
	layer_4: in tfhact for some years past there rhusidencs of the natioknowy lactric lied a sociation happein chosan omost ex closipeuly from the mong the managers of the great aticon lignencomptss ind the ladin citics
	layer_6: in fhact for some years paset their huidente ofthe nationaelatric lighe association happin chosen omost exclusively forom amon the managers of the great adisont lihting compnoss in he lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years pased their presidents of the national electric lige association happing chosen almost exclusively forom among the managers of the great adlison lihtingcompaness in he liding citizs
	layer_10: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric lighe association hade ben chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great alison lighning companies in the living citiz
	layer_12: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric lighe association had been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great alisson lighning companies in the living citize

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the other stron obresition to the incondessanlighd came from the gans indis ro
	layer_4: the otherstran obrosition to the incon dessinlight came from the gas indesgrew
	layer_6: the other stron orbesition to the incondesinlight came from the gas indusgrew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incanduscinlight came from the gasindus grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incandescenliht came from the gas indescrew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incandescenliht came from the gas induscrew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: there aso the most pet afeeling was shon
	layer_4: theire aso the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_6: theyre also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_8: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_10: there also the most peter feeling was shown
	layer_12: there also the most peter feeling was shown

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gaas managr d in no lke arclid bud a intoferd only with his treet serlis wheord swrose not hiselor de surs of in come by anymins
	layer_4: the gasmanagad inno like aurclied but i intoferd only with his treet servlise wher suors not his larde surceip in come by anymigs
	layer_6: the gasmanaga did not like aurclied but a interferred only with his treat service whersweres not his lardis soursive income by enemins
	layer_8: the gasmanaga did not like arclide but i interferred only with his treat service wheiwas not his lardissourceif incomeby enemans
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclite but it interferred only with his treat service whih was not his largessourcive income by enemies
	layer_12: the gas maneger did not like arclite but it interferred only with his treat service which was not his larges sourcive income by enemies

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here gaan wisceven the most comvengsong tdem mastdration of the tru that suchon adition to the re sourses of main kind al was cares with ht unsuspacned banefits even for hise animess
	layer_4: here agan wraskgeven the most convingsing domistration of the true that such an edition to the re sourses of mang kind a was carris with it unsuspacknmed banifits aven for his animes
	layer_6: here again resgivin the most convingsing demostration of the tru that such an adition to the resourses of mankind ol was carris with it unsuspactmed banefits even for is animois
	layer_8: here again reskgeving the most convinging demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected banefits even for his enimis
	layer_10: here again reskeiving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animies
	layer_12: here again reskeiving the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animies

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: theis was nout lon not ou norsaly thi spirt shoune an to day hin haunders of sidis they lact trake angas provers hare you nigd at ounder that one mamishment which tess not fined it ing posible topitsh ing the friendly am progressaway the ou sof boath e luminentce
	layer_4: this was not lan not you norcsly the spirt shome and to day an handrs of siticst they lactrak an gas probvers are yunight at onder that one manisghment which des not find it ingpossible to piuching the friendly amn prgressyway the use of both eluminance
	layer_6: this was not lan no unorsally the spirte shome annd to day in hunders of citect the lactrike an gas proverse are unie et under that one management which does not find it impossible to pish ing the friendly am progressiv way the use of both iluminance
	layer_8: this was not lon no unorsally the spiritis shon and to day e hundres of citiz thelectric and gas provess are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to puish ing he friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminances
	layer_10: this was not lon no unversally the spirits shown and today i hundreds of citis the electric and gass province are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not lon no universally the spirits shown and to day i hundreds of citis the electric and gass provence are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: thi most consebeu was you sam po theise iedandy o intrest is gaveenlying yoew yoro eself
	layer_4: most conspegur was kusam of thise idany of interest is geveenlying new your giself
	layer_6: the most conspiguous usamp of thise idanty of interest is givenin new yor iself
	layer_8: the most conspiguous esemp of thise identy of interest is giveni new yorketself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous exemp of this identiy of interest is given in new york self
	layer_12: the most conspicuous exemp of this identy of interest is given in new york self

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the ealy abosition of which h theirwerep plendy
	layer_4: so much for the arly obosition of which there were bps plandy
	layer_6: so much for the early obosition of which their were 's plandy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which theyi wors plenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which their works plenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: ba e maye be questiond whe thear inarsiurs nont equli to be dradit with actof ew wo
	layer_4: bu amay be quesstionedt whe ther inersers not equally to be dradet with active e will
	layer_6: bu i may be questioned whether in uarsier s not equally to be drated with actife e will
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether inerci is not equally to be drauged with actife iewwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether inersia is not equally to be droued with act of ie will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether inersia is not equally to be drouted with act of e will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of coursed a greamany cons we wead an and rad but wy whel hanu intristpors arouset it was nes as serrly ip thadic
	layer_4: of courstd a gramany counswere readen and rad but wy woul jania interispros arousetd it was nezasserily apethatic
	layer_6: of course a gray many counts were readen and rad but why would janni intristprus aroused it was necessarily epathatic
	layer_8: of course a greay many counts were readen and rad but why would janio interesrus aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_10: of course a great many accounts were raten and rad but why would cianio intrispus aroused it was necessarily e pathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were reaten and read but why would cianio intrispus aroused it was necessarily apathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wa got et athe gre barcan and onle patesmor some dam an the balis tom wat ogage
	layer_4: wel god at a the grea barkan and only patu s more some dam and the balaced on watogage
	layer_6: whe god it at the gree barkin and only pat us more some dam and the ballaston widogae
	layer_8: we got it at the gree barkin and only paid us more sumdam in the ballyston wadegage
	layer_10: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sumdam in the balaston wadegage
	layer_12: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sumdam in the ballaston wadegage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wer sel then for fory sene bu they a were aly bod to honyu oith thor ie s ousons of them
	layer_4: wats saw them for foure e stence but they ae were only bod t onny oah thir ys thousans of them
	layer_6: wus sow them for foure since but they  were only abad tenti o thirys thousands of them
	layer_8: woutd sew them for foury sence but the were only bad twenty or thiry thousands of them
	layer_10: would sew them for forty sens but there were only bad twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_12: would sew them for fourty sens but there were only bad twenty or thirty thousand of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fortheyear i gotedun twih thoty seven sans and a made are the monhy apt in one year that i hawlae prevusly
	layer_4: the forthyear i godu done to thoty seven sands and anmade al the mony apt in one year that i helast prvously
	layer_6: the fourth year i god i done to thoty seven sandce and am made all the money apt in one year that i ha laed prevously
	layer_8: the fourth year i got it on to thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had lohed previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i got it onto thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had loved previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got it onto thirty seven cents and i made all the money apt in one year that i had loved previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onof the engsidence which s cot avery grea chepening ors that when westardet wone of te imporn processes hat to be down by acxparts
	layer_4: hone oug the insidente which cout a very grea cheepening ors that when we startit wene of the importin processes had t be done by axparts
	layer_6: one of the incidente which coed a very great cheepening wars that when we tarted ene of the important prucesses hado be done by acsperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which coused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which cosed a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which cosed a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by axperts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a feling arom for some dayse i gouht a clo  how of do it
	layer_4: ae to feeling arand for som days i got a clew  how oef do it
	layer_6: after feeling aroud for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a then madte and ao ther mashing which ty the word nisely
	layer_4: a ten made and  ther machinguwhich d the wornizely
	layer_6: a dem made andother machingwige did the wordnisely
	layer_8: adene made another machine which did the word nicely
	layer_10: adam made another machine which did the word nicely
	layer_12: adem made another machine which did the word nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: einsardanly ie may be bolet as lose tratof of the pron prougt t oatitondhat ile he had the fac treet at hoarson and emporing the chigedies wreder wen two hame mence and et a dainamo to be ron by han por
	layer_4: encerdenly emay be oliet asalose traidoeh of the prown prouht toaticen that while he had the factry at harrising and imporing te chine's reeder when to haimmench and id a danimoe to be ron by hand power
	layer_6: incirdently it may be telliyod as luestrativ of the prowln prougtto adisene that while he had the factory at harrison and impouring the chinest reader wen to ha ment wanted a donamo to be run by hand power
	layer_8: incidently it may be delliat asalustradovh of the prowan prougd to adicen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reader went to he mant wanted adonamo to be run by hen power
	layer_10: incidently it may be deliart asilutradoth of the prowd and prought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader wen to him anc wanted adynamo to be run by hen power
	layer_12: incidently it may be deliart asalustradoth of the prowl an prought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reader wen to him anc wanted a dynamo to be run by hen power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: fro make in the dinomst aticensacurared ask noty in the prceen chabedr that reoch ian wor son gou wore sreet new york and this was asweey quipt
	layer_4: for make in he dinamost oadasen occurd ask note in the prceting chabiter thet roch iun wor son go wer street new york and this weirs alsowe quipt
	layer_6: for makin the dinamost adisence eccured ask nota in the proceding chaviter thet roach eirin worson go work street new york and this wirs alsoy quipped
	layer_8: for making the dynamos adison seccured aske nota in the proceding chavitor the roach iron werson gowork streets new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos addison secured as noda in the proceeding chavitor the roach iron werson gowerk street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamos adison secured asnoda in the proceeding chavitor the roach iron werson gowork street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sic mond birk man who had wr prevesly with aican unseli from the pawredgison fon ae gras an was alrede making aticen spa siallitis nassmorl wafe in te laft n o s trurstreet e orkd was assainlthed has of construcdinm sockets fixtures mitters sifty fuses anumerous other edhous
	layer_4: to sick mond birkman who had wor privusly with aicen untal e ron the pawredism fone agras and was alredemaking aticm spacialatis nte smoore wae ing a lofht ong lo edrir street new yorkd was a soing tet as of construct in sockets fixtures miters sifty fuses anumerous other etous
	layer_6: to sick mond birg man who had were prevously withadison untel epron the paratisn poneagras ane was already making adisen spacialatis n a smore way an lo loft un loos drer street newyork was assignthe tass of constructin socckets fixtures mitrs cifty fuses numerous other theetos
	layer_8: toe sickmond bergman who had wore previously with eddison untell the fron te pardis an phonograps and was already making edison specialy tis in a small way and aloft un looseter street new york was a sign tetas of constructang sokets fixtures mirres sifty fuses anumberous other detils
	layer_10: to the sickmondd bergman who had worked previously with edison untatefhont paredis and phonographs and was already making edison specialitis in a small way and aloft unloose der street new york was assigned task of constructing sockkits fixtures mitrs sifty fuses nnumberous other details
	layer_12: to the sicmondd bergman who had worked previously with edison untatephonte paredis and phonographs and was already making edison specialitis in a smalle way and aloft unlooseder street new york was assigned task of constructing sockkits fixtures mitres sifty fuses annumberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: ain the arly pard of aitingnady one the atisant ulutura lihde comptely leaste od be sha mation at sixty fife fif veni close to fording street for his had quaters and shorancs
	layer_4: ain the early pard of eighting aty one they adisent yulactory light comply leastyyod be shae mashion at sixty fife fift evrn close to forting street for his had quaters and show rince
	layer_6: ain the early part of eighting eghty one the adize elactry light compaly least a yold be shi masion acet sixty five fift evenu close to forting street for his had quaters and show rims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the eddison eluctry a light company least a od be chamasian act sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his head quarters and show reams
	layer_10: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison eluctry light company least od by chymashan at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edison electry light company leaseold b shimashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this wors one of thei fin is homet inticily of thouparid and is acuisition was o premond were sime of the surander of the fam iss restan shall ovenr to commeurs
	layer_4: this wers one of thet fine is homed in the cily of thaut perid and is aquisition was a premont er sigme of the surrander of the fhamemis restoncho evenu to comemerse
	layer_6: this were as one of the fine is homed in the cily of that pearod and is acquisition was a primonant or sign afthe curender of the famous resten sh avenue to commerse
	layer_8: this wers one of the fineest home in the cily of that perod and its acquisition was a premonter ign afthe surrender of the famous restinshu avenue to commerse
	layer_10: this weres one of the finest homes in te citly of that period and its acquisition was a premontorsign after surrender of the famous restinsue avenue to commerse
	layer_12: this weres one of the finest home in ta cily of that period and its acquisition was a premonetorsign after surrender of the famous restinsue avenue to commerse

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperesed with e lat legas anging was re their stortling
	layer_4: thexperiencsed with a lateloe gas anging was hrie their storhtling
	layer_6: the experienced with a lado gass anging wich fratheir startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a latoe gas angine was frarther startling
	layer_10: the experienced with a lato gas engine was rarther startling
	layer_12: the experienced with a leto gas engine was rarther startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da i was notd going very wow and oneduonp to the manin chirge an got itx paring araunt
	layer_4: one day it was not going very whol and it one dunt to the manning charge and god ex poring arant
	layer_6: one day it was not going very well and t wone dant to the man ing charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very well and it one dunt to the man in charge ind god exporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it one dunke to the man in charge and got exploring a rent
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and t one dunk to the man in charge and got exploring a rent

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: ut in exforel five year suxte fi was o verid aboe be hife dey a nigt
	layer_4: thut anext foral five year six ti fi was a verid abobe be hive dayga night
	layer_6: tho te next forol five year six tifye was ta very dabotbe hife dayg a night
	layer_8: fo he next foure o five year sixty fyie as a veridabo b hihe day an night
	layer_10: for te next four o five year sixty five was the veridabl b hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four o five year sixty five was the veridable b hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet routein was very much the same ase thout at the laobere tory ing hits ut enac lide of the clork
	layer_4: they rutin was very much the same asked that at the labertary ing its ota nackolit of the clorck
	layer_6: the roting was very much the same asked that at the laberatory ing its othernacolit of the clorck
	layer_8: the routin was very much the same as that at the laboratory ing its urter nacolit of the clorck
	layer_10: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter naklite of the clerk
	layer_12: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter nakelite of the clerk

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: i was tell ing the gentie monm one day that i could not cee ba secre even they e y loke the ma beon i dusk they would breake et open
	layer_4: i was tilling a gente mon one day that i could not keep a secre even they fi loce then mi been y dusk they would bregk it open
	layer_6: i was telling a gentemon one day that i could not keepe a secre even they fi locked them  bbi my dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even theyif ind locked them  abe my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked the mabe my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them m abey my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he s u gast e to me that he had o frind over an eith aveniug who mide u subbeura grat of segrs a who wohld show thematrck
	layer_4: he suggasdted t me that he had a friend over on ait aveng who mid u sabearagreat of segres and who would show them atrik
	layer_6: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avening who mad a subera grat of segres and who would show them a trik
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a subere grade of segrs and who would show them a trik
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of segres and who would show them a trik
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of segres and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sad that he wold have some of then mate a with har and o paperand i could pt then ming without award and see that res out
	layer_4: he said that he would have some of thern mate ae with hair and o paperant i could put theming withouta ward and seethed resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of then made ab with hair and o paper and i could put theming without a word and seether resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of them made ab with hair and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made ab with har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the risout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i au no worbo the maoter
	layer_4: i cat kno more abou the matter
	layer_6: i gogt kno more bout the matter
	layer_8: i got no more about the matter
	layer_10: i got no more about the matter
	layer_12: i got no more about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: idin a re member andothing aboud et
	layer_4: i d idn  remember andything about it
	layer_6: ididn'nt remember anything about it
	layer_8: ii didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busy houn other things to d enodis
	layer_4: i was to busy on other things to de notice
	layer_6: i was to busy oun other things to denotice
	layer_8: i was too busy yong other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy ong other things to denotice
	layer_12: i was too busy ong other things to denotice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spak ing o tho sdayceof nights ad isnses yeares a go one of the grea  iolinust was ramon
	layer_4: speaking o tho estayce ofnights atisnses years ago one of the greatviolinest wis ramony
	layer_6: speaking of thosestais of nights adisncays years ago one of the great violinest was ramony
	layer_8: speaking of those dayes of nights andison says years ago one of the great violinist was ramene
	layer_10: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was remeni
	layer_12: speaking of those days of nights adison says years ago one of the great violinist was remeni

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: whe wia ta widh me at i never asked hime to bring his vyaling
	layer_4: who woud talk wit h me hat i never asked him to bring his fyoling
	layer_6: who would talk with me bhat i never asked him to bring his fileinge
	layer_8: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his vilin
	layer_10: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_12: who would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: wy nohd he came with his faloling abioud tile aclack
	layer_4: why niht he came with his fioling about tallef a'clock
	layer_6: why niht he came with his violing about ceilve o'clock
	layer_8: why noght he came with his viling about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why not he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why not he came with his violin about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: after thad evei time he cim to new yorg he us to carscede fid lakte anigd with his filinggd
	layer_4: afterthat everytime he came to knew yorg he used to carrsec yfie lat eknight with his fiolinchd
	layer_6: after that every time he came to knew yorgk he used to carrsectyfid late a night with his fielinc
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to car sxtifie late a night with his vioelinch
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to kar sixtifid late a night with his vielinch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to kara sixtified late a night with his vile inch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: anatheir thasiter hoid used to gifus a goo do i usement ampleasure was kapan sha the had o lendn fibwre agad
	layer_4: another tvhesiter whod used to gif us a goo dalrimusement andpleasure was kaptan shar the had of lendan fibrygate
	layer_6: another visitor who wd used to gie us a goo deal emusement and pleasure was kaptain shar the had of lendond fivebrygade
	layer_8: another visitor who woad used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was captain sha the head of london fibry gate
	layer_10: another visitor who woad used to give us a good dealo amusement and pleasure was capta'in sha the head of london fibury gat
	layer_12: another visitor who had used to give us a good dealo amusement and pleasure was captain sha the head of london fibury gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe wal gor out amon the filadies and haf a gre time
	layer_4: wh were go out amon the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_6: he wil go out amon the fie ladies and half a great time
	layer_8: he will go out among the fie ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: he will go out among the fie ladies and halve a great time
	layer_12: he will go out among the fie ladies and have a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: speaking of tel thes doris i wen sgo thellia ma s do his at the herwis ind lemn factry and tha yard as he wasleeaving
	layer_4: spaking of teles daris i wene sgod talya mansdorys at the harris nd lem factury and ha yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking ouf telusdaris i onc ecod talia mans dories at the herisin lemn factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of telasdaris i once gotalia mans doris at the harrison lamn factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of talusdaris i once gu talian man storis at the herrison lemon factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of telustaris i once gau talian man stories at the herrison leon factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hit was wainder an h ers alwing firs
	layer_4: it was windher and heo wars alwing first
	layer_6: et was windered and he wrs oaling first
	layer_8: i was wintered and he was awing first
	layer_10: he was winder and he was awing first
	layer_12: he was winder and he was awing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i had nothing non to protat me ae guestho colld
	layer_4: i had nothing om to protact me afgues tocod
	layer_6: i had nothing ilm to protact me a guesticod
	layer_8: i had nothing orn to protect me at guesti code
	layer_10: i had nothing om to protect me guesticode
	layer_12: i had nothing om to protect me guesticode

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: thonhagob lu ory seand hado be sheipdto florid of forcur
	layer_4: nan agob plearesiand hado be shipd to flori to frcur
	layer_6: nanagob pleari siand how o e shipd to flory te frcur
	layer_8: danagob plurisy and had to be shipped to florri to frocure
	layer_10: anagob pluricy and had o be shipe to flori the procure
	layer_12: anagob plurisy and had to be shipe to flori the procure

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha mallyn jor thy thelits of enterous andisipation and aparotous plesure of faceng aicens exparments
	layer_4: he hamirliengore they delights of anterous and hisipation and ta paro thes pleasued of facon atisence expariments
	layer_6: he had meaely ndo the delights of anctrous and icipation and ta parar lous pleasure of faconing adisen'e experiments
	layer_8: he had merely endured the delights of anxrous anticipation and ae perilous pleasure of factning adison's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely endued the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of tacing edison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely endured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of tacing edison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now afte i poitation was wrequid
	layer_4: now afte e poyitation was requite
	layer_6: now aftev its ploetation was requied
	layer_8: now after its plotation was required
	layer_10: now after its plotation was required
	layer_12: now after its plotation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is got and gory
	layer_4: lendon is got and gory
	layer_6: lindon isgot and glory
	layer_8: lindon is sgoat and glory
	layer_10: lindon his got and glory
	layer_12: lindon his goalt and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say best man are moted out ha fouts an for the most the come much more the better for bing a littl bad
	layer_4: they say best man aure moded out of fots aned for the most the come much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man ar moted out of fogts and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best men are moded out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best men are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brokend collem of the o steber thway hunda feetebove praing ros hil wielhm sdruck an adtudof theare try go fasion and oddtert the fulling orretoricof flied
	layer_4: standing on the brokend colum of the o steebour thrueay hunde feetedbove pram rose hill well hem s ruckan aditut of thear try go fashion and otter the folling ouretorico flighd
	layer_6: standing on the broken column of the ow steeber three hunded feetabove praime ros hill willamstruck an atidude of theartrico fashion and otter the folling alrytorico flied
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above praime rose hill willham struck an attitude of theortriko fashion and otter the foling aritorico flight
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and otter the falling aritorical flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeper three hundred feet above prame rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and otter the folling aritorical flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glarys lendon
	layer_6: glorieus lendon
	layer_8: glorious london
	layer_10: glorious london
	layer_12: glorious london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: asaid how san o thin that the day will con wherl not o vastate of this one o ero mass aof hew manarigy sha rema where the cri of the woff bat and beden sheu ally beherd ad nate regaim whresum her rustic s blendan dusolation
	layer_4: sad how sand to thing that the day willcon wherld not evastate of this oned of rmass of humany atigy shal remain where the cry of the waff bat and betem shu ally be heard a naturer again wresum her rustic sblandon dusolation
	layer_6: sad how saind to thing that the day willcone would not a vastage of this one of remass of humaneogy shall remain where the cry of the waff bad and beathom shoul almly be heard a natureagai resumed her rustic sblendond desolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wet not a vastide of this wone of rmass of human enegy shall remain wite the cry of the warf bad and beat em should alaly be heard an nature again resume her rustic splendin desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastige of this wond vremenss of human energy shall remain wit the cry of the wharf bat and beaten sheull almoly be heard an nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vastige of this wond vremess of human energy shall remain wit the cry of the wharf bat and beaten she'll almoly be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas t heaven was sa resord for acters a thors bet heeiins thors an ladis whodit now retihen early to theair downingd coucus
	layer_4: the devlst heaven was a resort for actors authors bahemionslors and ladis who did now retine early to thir downingt couches
	layer_6: the devilest heaven was te resort for actors authors bahemions floors and ladies who  did not retine early to their downingt couches
	layer_8: the devilst heaven was the resort for actors authors bahemions floors and ladies who did not retin early to their downinge couches
	layer_10: the devilist heaven was the resort for actors arthors bohemions floors and ladies who did not retirne early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was the resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retire early to their downing couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well o ed mysou soon fan rest indapes lumbern ao weafted awayintow ad dremilys rim our tied bot is layin thef in fowing arm sore morforse un to the pote nok it our dorinex orning aste clolk of the torrestruck the our of nin
	layer_4: well omn an mysou soon fand rast indeps lumbering  wefted away into a tramelys rim our tiede bot is lay ing the ing foing arm so morefirse unto the poer nock it our dor next borning askedte clock of the towrestruck the our of nine
	layer_6: well em and my sou soon fonrast in deep slumbering and waftet away into a treamelys rim our tided bodtese lay in the  ing foding arm so morfurs unto the poter knock at our dor next morning as the clock of the towere struckt the hour of nine
	layer_8: wellam and my sou soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamlys rim our tied boise lay in theing foding armsom morphos unto the pottern knock at our dor next morning as the'clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: welle and my sou soon found resed in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide boice lay in theinfoding arms sommorphos unto the pottern knockd at our door e next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: wellam and my sou soon found resd in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodice lay in the infoding arms sommorphus unto the pottern knockd at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: i fir sud of sonrisinglan a giff as greand expitations ao fame efordton for surally alwe had rs glowingexatationcs
	layer_4: o fir sid of son rizing land a gif ats gread expetations or fam anfordtune for suraely alwe had ras glowing expetations
	layer_6: o firt side of some risingland a give ats grat expitations of fame anfordtune for surely al wa had ras glowing expitations
	layer_8: our first sight of sunrising landerd give uts great expetations of fame and forttune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunris ing lender gives us great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_12: our first sight of sunris ing lender gives us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: afd exitation fouse and most af there were most epramises and ofh a heads were hoewis codest and ispar most fits
	layer_4: aft expitation fouse and most of there where most a promises and of a hids were hope is codest and tespar most fits
	layer_6: oft expitation fous and most aftthere where most a promises and off a hids were hobe is codest and despaire most fits
	layer_8: oft expetation fowus and most af there were most a promises and off a hids where hobe is codest and despaire most fitz
	layer_10: aft expetation fows and most af there were most a promises and of a hidz where hobe is codest and despair most fits
	layer_12: oft expetation fows and most of there were most a promises and of a hiz where hobe is codest and despair most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: disis one dobbr when sixes trabicon
	layer_4: dusis one dubar when sixes trebicoin
	layer_6: ducis one dubar when sixes trebicoin
	layer_8: deusis one duba win sixis trebicoin
	layer_10: deusis one doubo win sixis trebicon
	layer_12: deusis one dou win sixis trebicoin

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: well em to the grade a mazemend of the dilor flong a gning n that senapot which rs inmedally t heapt by jaack wad they others ooked on insileng expatation
	layer_4: well em to the gread a mazement of the dillar flong aginning in thacenapot whichwerse immedally thept by jack whid the others tlooked on ing siling expetation
	layer_6: well him to the great amazement of the dillar flung aginning in the canapot which weres immedially tept by jack whild the otherstlooked on in siling expitation
	layer_8: wellam to the great amazement of the daller flung a ginning in the senapot which wers immediately teppe by jack wild the others looked on in sileng expetation
	layer_10: willam to the great amazement of the diller flung a guining in the chenipot which wers immediately tepped by jack wild the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: william to the great amazement of the diller flung a guinei in the senipot which wes immediately tepped by jack wild the others looked on in silent expetation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the piht jack repot i'la riesor take at word for id
	layer_4: the plite jack reput 'll rie ir take at word for it
	layer_6: the plite jacg repied i'll rise sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the polite jack replied i'll rise sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the polite jack replied ia'll rise sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the polite jack replied a'll rise sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i avf sin my life upon he cast i wis stendthe hausaerd of the dy
	layer_4: i have sent my lie upon the cast a wil stande housert of the die
	layer_6: i have send my live upon the cast a will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dyie
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast in will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have spent my life upon the cast ind will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i m medelya followd in his poostaps and foun ma julkin with a lenloady ubot a coe ve inton b paps she was fanderling her compacious lap
	layer_4: immedili followed in his fustaps and foun am a jouking with a len lady about a coupeo of inthan bo paps she was fandeling her campacious lap
	layer_6: iimmedaly followed in his fistaps and foundhima jogin with a lendlady about a coupe of ingtant boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_8: i immediately followed in his fotsteps and found him a joging with he landlady about a couple of england boo phaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of england boo pehaps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of england boo perhaps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i te hat jopbe out of ha clots will an couldnot have beg more pleased osuprised and the fieling was reciprco
	layer_4: iffy hadt joed out of a clouts willim couldnot have beeng more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprco
	layer_6: if he had jopbed out of a clouts well im could not have been more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciprco
	layer_8: if he had jobped out of a cloud's wellam could not have been more pleased of surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jobbed out of ha cloud's willium could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jobbed out of a clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prainyg shop a fo was oling a shure distens fron the deavb was tavoan and we wering vited to visi they stablishmend
	layer_4: the prining shop af fou was owling a sshure distance from the deb as tavenm and we were ing vided to visithey stablishmend
	layer_6: the prening shopof fow was owing asure distance from the devols tavem and we wereingvided to visi teyestablishmend
	layer_8: the prening shop of fa was owing a sure distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prening shopafa was owing a shore distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the prening shopafa was owing a short distance from the devil's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s prbigh gased fore moant and the maly form a willaem amd plery out in his blove mener what do youknow
	layer_4: jame srobege gazed for a momand ond the maly forma willhim and blury ot ing his blouve mener what do yu know
	layer_6: jamesrbage gazed for a moment on the manily formea willim and blury out in his blouvhminner what do you know
	layer_8: james geeugbidge gazed for a moment on the manly formr willam and blurry out in his blovminner what do you know
	layer_10: james grewbitge gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blurried out in his bloff manner what do you know
	layer_12: james grewbitge gazed for a moment on the manly former william and blurried out in his bloff manner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the next day every bodtin the hus beganto mae preperations fwrth h durniy
	layer_4: the next day everybodding the house began to mae preparations wor a journey
	layer_6: the next day everybooding the house began to make preparations wor the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody n the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: erything was denvery lasirely though there as a lott a talking an disputing and the giving of contry orders
	layer_4: everything was denvery lasurely though there ws a lot o talking a dispooting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_6: everything was don very laisurly though there was a lott of talking an dispooting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porder was fhair dracting a scording the surants af they piled the ruk somplankets and bags of thoud and ports and pands handiches in to the wagen
	layer_4: the old porter was there dracting a scooding the servance afs they piled the rug somd blankets and begs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there dracting ascholding the serants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lude and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was there diracting escolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was there directing ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was there directing ascolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of flood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quit of proession of an tha lasd the bic weaging roumbd out thrug the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite o percession of in that lastd the big waggon rumbod out throgh the gt way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession wen that last the big wagon rumboed out through the gatway
	layer_8: there was quite a procession wenat last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behined a camed the gan mother and her doly dack a sot a ra litter or  easy chair some betweean two lorn pos
	layer_4: behind i camed the gran mother and her duly dack a sot of e litter wer easy chair somed between two lon pos
	layer_6: behind i came the grandmother ind her july dack a sot of a litter ore easy chair sume between two long pos
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother in her july deck a sot of a litter or easy chair sum between two long poes
	layer_10: behind i came to the grandmother in her jewly deck a soort of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came to the grandmother in her jewly deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besise the famly they re many survante and suver others walcked besie ea slow moving wagen
	layer_4: besized the family theye were many servants and suvera others walked beside ar slow moving wagon
	layer_6: besized the family there were many servants and suver others walked beside tar slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside ha slow moving wagon
	layer_10: beside the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to won with them
	layer_4: the cook to wont with them
	layer_6: the cook too want with them
	layer_8: the cook too wont with them
	layer_10: the cook too wont with them
	layer_12: the cook too wont with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: goed byi shade litte nougfromiscardend wasthey won by goed by
	layer_4: gad by shad e littlenof from iscardan wasty wene by gid by
	layer_6: good by shoted little now from hi carden wasy wene by good by
	layer_8: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilsy went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little kno from his garden whilst they went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little nol from his garden whilst they went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shawta greding sto thei friend the parter as a pasthim andoso to the old facur smered a over with ashes who san a littl brickut by the brigh and prtended to make wonterful curs
	layer_4: they shoud a greeding sroug thei frienda the poter as te pase em and aso to the od facur smired a overy with ashes whos satin a little brik hut by the bridge and prtended to make wonderful curs
	layer_6: they shout edgreeding trough their friend the poter as they pas him and also to the old facere smired al over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting trough their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facor smeared allover with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greetings trough their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facer smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greetings tough their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is moe hen the gon i schoor secollar a ther aoxam plird r alontheur clous of dest
	layer_4: this is more fhen the gon juschooe sicola as the axamplted alone through clous of dust
	layer_6: this is more frund ne going go school sid cola as the oxemplted alone through clous of dust
	layer_8: this is more fon na going to school said cola as the ox em plted along through clouds of dust
	layer_10: this is more fund ni going to school said cola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more fund i going to school said cola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: thes lovely birs i funnally everywoern andia and i some parts reno quit wild
	layer_4: these lovely birs are founearly everywor ian andea and in some parts er an quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birs are foun nearly everywere in india and in some parts wre in quite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts were in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts erein quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts orin quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his long matdd haire hung on his shoders an hye was sing his prairs with the help of the rosery of bees which she countinually past the his hancs
	layer_4: his long matded hair hung on his shoders and hye was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passed ther his hands
	layer_6: his long madtded hair hung on his showders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passhed though his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shoders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passedthrough his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually pased through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was singing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the rwagin came up heyon mand who a company the wholdly man ranup and howdout a baking ble saying gie o charedable people to thes holy one
	layer_4: as the wagan came up a young man who accompany the wholy man ran up and how dout a bagging bole saying give o churied able people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompanye the holy man ran up and how dout a bagging bol saying give o cheritable people to this holy one
	layer_8: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and hewed out a begging buwl saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the waggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging buwl saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the waggon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no contri in the wood has so mana bagers as indiaa
	layer_4: no country in the wod has so many baggars as indiea
	layer_6: no country in the word has so many baggers as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: manyof the man cout holy men becaud they do nothing buet make pogromages re one sicur plase do rn nother ther ving sfoully on the ams thateagiinto them
	layer_4: many of them an caoht holy men because ley do nothing but make pogromages from one securedt place to another tle ving soly on the arms that r givento them
	layer_6: many of them are caught wholy men because they do nothing but make polgramages from one sacret place to another laving solely on the arms thate are given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caught holy men because they do nothing but make pigrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caughtd holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caughd holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: an the had etin their lunch the yon e bontr axplore the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eat en their lunch the yon't pe bnter explor the gardin near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the youn peo e wend or explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people want to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhap their doks him te holla  litta ferfully but hey for got about dogsrind they sawht the gete of shouldri king downpy hs streen
	layer_4: perhaps they ar doks hen mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs inm the saut the get of shuldgare cing down bys strem
	layer_6: perhaps the are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they saw thickit of shudey cing down by his stream
	layer_8: perhaps they are dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they saw a thicket of sugar kamge down by ai stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs wand they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by is stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs and they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by i stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: prapsroe con bysome from the man thur he as now ploing bey te schren sai colla
	layer_4: prhaps sooe canby some from the man there he is now ploing by the sceem said colla
	layer_6: perhaps we can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said kola

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: int is the kin for water sai the former as he took alos uc o cain and gently gited at jownto his crame
	layer_4: it is theok in fer water said the farmer as he took a los fack of cane and gently gided it jown to thes dream
	layer_6: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost fackof kane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss fal of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a los falk of cain and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a los falk of cain and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as an nother sticred animal of the hindes and thoygwanow killwer inger  won for anything
	layer_4: the snake as eanother sacret animal of the hindus and they wold not kill were inger won for anything
	layer_6: the snake is another stacret animal of the hindues and they wul not kill were injur whend for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacreate animal of the hindus andthey woud not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacrete animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure when for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacrete animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure when for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as then abut to  mo won again the saogry cawd owed dusts gen the road
	layer_4: as them rbout ti meo wan again they sagrey clowdle dust gan the road
	layer_6: as theymeaebout to move on again they sargree cloudo dust don the road
	layer_8: as they wrabout to move on again they saw gree cloud o dust down the road
	layer_10: as they were about to move on again they saw gre cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw grea cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: ar turne dat that a ws the grey impowerfl rega gon ansthey ona juny to wais ta anothe reja her ruler of one of the sml king doms ore stats of which mardren andeas formly madu
	layer_4: arturnd jat that a wis the gree impowerful rega goin an stay on a dounid to wis a another rega or rular of one of the small kingdoms or states of which mardent anddias formly mada
	layer_6: aeturne oat that it was agree ampowerful rega going an stay on ajouni to wits i another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which madran indios formlly mada
	layer_8: ieturned out that it was a gree and powerful regah going and stay on a journey to vitsi another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which moderen indiows formerly mad a
	layer_10: i turned out that it was a great and powerful reggah going and stay on a journey to visit another reggah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up
	layer_12: i turned out that it was a great and powerful regah going and stay on a journey to visit another regah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern indio was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: firs the came of bicg elent iou deccrado th sikon gold an silver
	layer_4: first the came of big elipant out decoraded with silcan gold and silver
	layer_6: first there came a big elephant aur decorated with silken golden silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant al decorated with silken goldend silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silken gold an silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silken gold an silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the elthan sback whit was e howde which us thi a bik charef the canobe overit and in this sittin crost light was the reja ha biake fat fellow drest in colods soksin dele ad the great damen sep pluomin his turben
	layer_4: on the elephan spack wit was the howdo whic is tle e a big char  the canopy over it and in this sitting crosst light was the rega ha big fat fellow drestin colords sixs and dels a the great dimin se plum in is turben
	layer_6: on the elephant spack whit was the howude which is like a big chair of the canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in coluredes soak and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turbin
	layer_8: on the elephan's back was the howude which is like a big chair otf the canopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the rugga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured siaks and jewels the great diamonds set plume in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back was the howder which wis like a big chair it a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the howder which wis like a big chair it a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: thehind the howdess that as servan hoding ae bicom brillo of fwn feathos over the rejas head
	layer_4: tehind the how dus that asserven hoding a big am brelloa a fine feathes overe the redjashead
	layer_6: behind the how des that a servan hoding a big ambrella a fine feathers over the radje as head
	layer_8: behind the haw dest that a servant hoding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the ruga's head
	layer_10: behind the how dusk did a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the ragazs head
	layer_12: behind the how dusk did a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajas head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the drier set on the nec of the elipent and guieded the bic bease tha e prording herm alone sit whr the other wit than iren shord sticke or gold
	layer_4: the drywer set on the neck of the elephent and guided the big beas hat eprording hem a one side ore the other with an irn shord i stick or gold
	layer_6: nthe dri wer sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that beprouding him an one side or the other with an iron showtd stick or gold
	layer_8: the drier sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shot stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that by prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: is in it fing to rili gown af biak elihant
	layer_4: is in it fine to rili town of big elepant
	layer_6: is i' it fine to rila thou and a big elephant
	layer_8: isn't it fine to rie adow on a big elephant
	layer_10: isn't it fine to rite a da n a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to ritle a daw on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: na ther assofe the da he litter folk tolke of nothing wit the great a jin es eco
	layer_4: n artheres of the day than little folk talked of nothing with he great rar jan as esct
	layer_6: n al the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing bwith he great rejinas escot
	layer_8: nall the ress of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great ragian us escot
	layer_10: an all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great riginas escort
	layer_12: an all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great riginas escort

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: ar party cim to a hout a mo many other belock carts the ones o which oariaty sitting aroun an the ground colkhing tis suppers a bargining sfrfoot at ha littl booth
	layer_4: or party cime to a holt a mo many other blocka carts the ownas af which aridys sitting around on the ground coking te suppers ar barganning for food at the little booth
	layer_6: our party came to a halt a mo many other belock carts the owners of which oealready sitting round on the ground cooking the suppers or barganing for foot at a little booth
	layer_8: our party came to a halt amo many other buloc carts the owners of which we already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_10: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth
	layer_12: our party came to a halt among many other bulock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at a little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these they sed for plats he pbend them up with heir bord rice and cury andish and o stowas of puttingsn seets
	layer_4: these they used for plaes he pbeing them up with their boid rice and courry and fish and aure sorse of puttings and seets
	layer_6: these they used for plates hea bing them up with their boiled rice and coury and fish and ou stors of puttings and sweets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and a sorts of pudtings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorets of pudtings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of pudtings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a supper was beeng eaton unother party stohp eof the parrow and camp to nog far awigt
	layer_4: a suppero was been eetin another party stope at the parow and campe o not ar awi
	layer_6: a supper was bee neeten another party stoppdtat the para and campd not far awa
	layer_8: a suppera was being eaten another party stopped at the paro andcamped not far away
	layer_10: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the paral and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was being eaten another party stopped at the paral and camped not far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: whe the liter was pe down the younboicetepdoubt wickang mry owd and holty
	layer_4: when the litter was pat down the oun boi step doubt wickan very prowud and halty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down the young boy stepped out bi king very roud and haulty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down ae young boy stepped out blecang very proud and halty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down e young boy stepped out became very proud and haulty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down te young boy stepped out beocame very proud and haulty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: as suence ai en spreta hans and ruk n the gown for him to sid ol a reshed about wading o him takin gooe care to keep every one und ad jistan
	layer_4: has survance i onc spred a handsam rugg in the grownd for him to sida a rushed about waiting o him ta king good care to keep every one und a jistan
	layer_6: has servants al once spread a handsome rug n the ground for him to siton i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep everyone an adjustant
	layer_8: his servants a once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a jistan
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a distanc
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on i rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone at a distance

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an shalw he ordis everyou one abou him
	layer_4: yes ant shall he orders every one about him
	layer_6: yes and shall he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and showl he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders everyone about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: ar rondte little browmoncs nhetck oas a thin corderf dread which as the sin of his hig cast
	layer_4: around he little browmin's net as a thin cord of drid which was tha sign of his high caset
	layer_6: around ha little browmin'sneck os a thin corder driad which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_8: aroud the little browhman's neck ows a thin qurdteor tdread which is a sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little brawman's neck is a thin quardte of thread which is tha sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little brawman's neck is a thin quart of thread which is the sign of his high cast

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwile the how ty litt e braman ai his supper on thisheade turned awa so noonc ashe im eat and then gring tired of respeful glanes of the crowd arount him he cot untorhst litter again and the serancs fatin the crtncs tetly aroundim
	layer_4: meanwiale the holty little bramin aight his supperom hen theshed turned away so nolunca sy him eat and then going tired of respeful glances of the crowd around him he got uente his litter again and the serran's fas ind the crtence tightly arround im
	layer_6: meanwhile the houty little bramon ate his supper when the shead turned away so no luncusy him eat and then goining tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he gaot intohis litter again and the servants fast ened the crtaants tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the haty little brammon ate his supper when the s head turned away so no oncu see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servans fastened the curtaans tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the haugty little bramman ate his supper when this head turned away so no lone coul see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the haughty little bramman ate his supper when this head turned away so no lone could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: arye bed h seip sounly and spiter the fackthat one of the surrence was beating ad drol mus of the night whr h they rillyt belived wish heway to keeopaf evil spearids
	layer_4: avry bodys sep sounily and spiterf the fact that one of the survmance was beating a dra mos of the night which they relly believed wats the way to keep ofh evill spirids
	layer_6: everybody sep soundly ind spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a dra most of the night which they really believed wis the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servonts was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drummost of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the hes hecrid
	layer_4: o the tfhese he crid
	layer_6: oh the fiese he cried
	layer_8: oh the thiese he cried
	layer_10: oh the thievs he cried
	layer_12: oh the thieves he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: ther spat as the bacers
	layer_4: there sbat es the bagers
	layer_6: theyre oas bad as the bagers
	layer_8: there aas bad as the baggers
	layer_10: they're as bad as the beggers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the beggers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: wha ar though garding so cerferlly shea askdter brether
	layer_4: whll ar though garding so carefully shreea asked hr brother
	layer_6: whell art though guarding so carefully sria asked her brother
	layer_8: wall art though guarding so carefully shria asked her brother
	layer_10: what art thou guarding so carefully shriea asked her brother
	layer_12: what art thou guarding so carefully shria asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he ancoll o were walking be sai the wakin for a change
	layer_4: he uncoleo were walking besai the wagon for a change
	layer_6: he an cola were walking besid the wegon for a change
	layer_8: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lat ises risteh soche an ar mother and aunt could injoy the fesh air
	layer_4: the ladeses wereiset soch andemother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_6: the ladeses were ized soshe and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the lattisces werrized soshia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices wererised suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattises wereriused suchia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: ther my dose tai the littregirl saudly as she pad de the bundeo be sider
	layer_4: there mg daus tao the littlr girl saundly ashe pad e the bunder be sid er
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl esoundly as she patted th bunder besider
	layer_8: theyre my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bunder beside her
	layer_10: they're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her
	layer_12: they're my dolls said the little girl soundly as she patted the bundel beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i sedp then wuth an offrion to the whol y rover poor little woman
	layer_4: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i tate them with an offerning to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mus thosacrifise thiy towyis to
	layer_4: must tho sacrifiece thy toys to
	layer_6: must tho sacrifice thy toys to
	layer_8: must thou sacrifice thy toys two
	layer_10: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smalrder uncl  she patded her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle asee patted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle ase patted her head
	layer_8: smallder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smilder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smilder uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chrapter forty nine graks istupen
	layer_4: chapter forty nine griks istuban
	layer_6: crapter forty nine griks is stuborn
	layer_8: chapter forty nine griks is stubborn
	layer_10: chapter forty ninet grixs is stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty ninet grixs is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the dayse gided by with the stifness in crispeased lembsgrowing lust painful and the pony recovring tast for the cler a mountin ars eme to ac ife a cur for woonds
	layer_4: the days glided by bwith the stiffness in christlese lembsgrowing lesst painful and the pony recovering tast for the clear  mountainairseeme to actlike a cur for wouns
	layer_6: the days glided by with the stiffness and christly''se limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by with the stiffness in chrise's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stiffness in chrispiy's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stiffness in crispie's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every day the came shotd tha indre animol anpetter condition
	layer_4: every day the came showed the indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal in better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats effors tomove nolongermad chriscsiantce and forgete his own pings and thosehye foel at seeng the musting suffer
	layer_4: ats effors to move nalonger made chrisibans and forget his own paings in thouse hy felt at seeng the musting sufpffer
	layer_6: its effrst to move to longer made chrisabans and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing thee mustaine suffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made chrysumens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustain suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysuins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustdain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysumins and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustdain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: everyou lone woas busy for the keeping watch reggary tokup a goot deo of time
	layer_4: every on wa's busy for the keeping watch regglay took up a good dea of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglaly took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglarly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: it'sar nong ence nead cradcrese for them ta thin tha their staing on a cound of us who log greage wer you litining
	layer_4: it's a non sense ned crid cras for them to thingthat their staing on account of us who lo grigs where you lisining
	layer_6: it's ou nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that their staying on account of us wholo griggs where you listening
	layer_8: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us houllo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's alu nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's aul nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: howdid dyour pony go lhis morning splended
	layer_4: how did your ponigo lis morning splended
	layer_6: how did your ponigo lhis morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your pony go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: jthis harte a lit on the bauleg but his bittr than a was yestedy
	layer_4: tis harted a littr on the ba leg but his better than a was yestedy
	layer_6: just hart e a little on the ba leg but his better thn it was yestedy
	layer_8: just harted a little on the bale leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just hanted a little on the bale leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just hanted a little on the bale leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: to decaunther this mony canter
	layer_4: to do cander this morny canter
	layer_6: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_8: did you caunter this morning canter
	layer_10: did you caunter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you caunter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: weu what ad a git sowein galop and would o bel you
	layer_4: wet went ad a goit sween gallop and what about you
	layer_6: wet want at a goit swen gallop and what about you
	layer_8: we went at a good swing gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we went at a good swaeing gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we went at a good swaeing gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: oh i monla litte stitste
	layer_4: oh i monly little stif stol
	layer_6: oh i monly little stif still
	layer_8: oh iam only little stiff still
	layer_10: oh iam only little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shallk get stron wore quiokly gourning over the plains ore cimyn in an owt amone the mountints
	layer_4: we shll get strong more quickly journing ovr the plains or climing in an owut amone the mountaincs
	layer_6: we shall get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an outamon the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plaines or climbing in an out among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an out among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he sys were destarte to marol at dabrick
	layer_4: he sys were distirt to morw at daybrick
	layer_6: he says were do start to morow at dabrick
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrik
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrek
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrow at daybrek

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: whor crecess
	layer_4: hora cradcus
	layer_6: ura craied cus
	layer_8: hurra cried cus
	layer_10: hurrah cried cus
	layer_12: hurah cried cis

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat mylad why not
	layer_4: but we shat my lad mhy not
	layer_6: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexcast heen indians again
	layer_4: becselts then indians again
	layer_6: becausolesthen indiance again
	layer_8: becaus aues sheen indians again
	layer_10: because ivs seeing indians again
	layer_12: because i's seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: il your all is seing indins again
	layer_4: elhl your alwas sing andians again
	layer_6: ol you're always sing indiance again
	layer_8: oh you're always seing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seing indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the show them file to me idan't wat them sicgrix trily
	layer_4: whele the show them fils to me aden't wat them sicrik strly
	layer_6: whele they show them fils to me i dn't wat them sickrik stryly
	layer_8: well they show themels to me i didn't want them si reek stryly
	layer_10: well they show themseves to me i didn't want them said greek dryly
	layer_12: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said greek dryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: drn art fulloht ind ere beeng away ad ow i beliecs
	layer_4: thern artful lot ev werd been away at a i belie
	layer_6: there an artful lot evd euld been away at al i beliese
	layer_8: they're an artful lot neve'r beeng away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never bein away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never bein away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: becouldn' seeem boh fe me de stat they had being cose upon e he as dreckly
	layer_4: wecouldn't se m buh fe me dostarte they had beeng clos upon ar he as drectly
	layer_6: we couldn't see him bof eu me di start they had been close upon her heelos direckly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him but if o mee to start they had been close upon her heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him but woif we mead o start they had been close upon our heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him but wf e mead o start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: a you hae ded chraptin cres an hen miliciously
	layer_4: ah you had o trapthem crs sad en miliciously
	layer_6: ah you have to trape themo curs said en maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap themcrus said nen maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap themncrus said nan maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap them chrus said nan maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loocere f hi sfa rt again we shall quare he'ret at grigs
	layer_4: look ere it hes sa at again we shall quire here at grigs
	layer_6: look her if he say at again we shall querel here that griggs
	layer_8: look here if you saytat again we shall quarel heare that griggs
	layer_10: look here if you say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i her ser you writ
	layer_4: oh yes i here servfo wright
	layer_6: oh yes i heare serfy right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear serfyo wright
	layer_10: oh yes i hear servey wright
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serveyo right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he can sihaas a bteawa had better hodere tong
	layer_4: is he can' sho as a bet a wa had better holdhere tone
	layer_6: if he can't showl us a bet e waye had better holdher tongue
	layer_8: if he can't show us a bed ar way heu had better hold her tongue
	layer_10: if he can't show us a bettar way yheu had better hold her tongue
	layer_12: if he can't show us a betar way yheu had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bee ry well i con do t at si ned hortilly
	layer_4: bery well i can do that said ned hrtily
	layer_6: bery well i can do that said ned hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned haughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyr that's a nogh crrd cress on be stol peyng ed
	layer_4: they ae that's a nough cried chres dont be so pedined
	layer_6: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so pety ned
	layer_8: they are that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: theyre that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sriht cad ges
	layer_4: that sright cad gus
	layer_6: that'sright ciedgis
	layer_8: that's right cad gigs
	layer_10: that's right caid guggs
	layer_12: that's right cid gugg

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: loo er lave of jrsbeing ctrind that place ogain
	layer_4: look yur laves of just being trying that place again
	layer_6: look er laves of dustbing trying that place again
	layer_8: look here lads of druspbing trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of drist being trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of drist being trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and heu time the douct tor likes
	layer_4: and he time the doc tor likes
	layer_6: and he timed the doctor likes
	layer_8: any times the doctor likes
	layer_10: any time the doctor likes
	layer_12: any time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shaht ap by fell of the bosan arows sfound's bad enugh but his no mut risker
	layer_4: being shot a by fellows tho bohan airow sound's bad enough but this not much riskire
	layer_6: being shot at thy fellows of bowtsan arrow sounds bad enough but thre's not much riskere
	layer_8: being shot at bhy fellows of bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much a risk er
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows of bowsand arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much riskier
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows of bows and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much riskier

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i dant kno about thatc sa cres antiousply
	layer_4: i don't kno about that secris ancxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don' t o wiell i do
	layer_4: don't you will i do
	layer_6: don't you well i do
	layer_8: don't you well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should be rang fas and darging in anowt amon the rok and chres
	layer_4: i should be running fast and darging in anout amon the rocks and chrees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out amone the rocks and chees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and thees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: but te enoby won be stannilg stirl coutinud grgs
	layer_4: but the enebi wont be staning stil countinued grigs
	layer_6: but the eneby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_8: but the eneby won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: nt believe this bitte resk for me i shall by aid
	layer_4: ant believe this bitte risk for me i shall be a riged
	layer_6: aunt believe this abitte risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_8: an't believe this a bitter risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: an't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: an't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it anan was wol be well back an thei hol sicress
	layer_4: but it animmos willd be well back in theit hole sichres
	layer_6: but at animos will be well back in that whole sachris
	layer_8: but it animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: but the animals will be well back in that hole said cris
	layer_12: but the animals will be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes milad but ia want them to be plinted for the backsfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plinted fr the back fill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted for the backsfill
	layer_8: yes mylad but i want them to be planted for ther backsfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for the backsfil
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for the backsfil

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and thae frat father weas satof the ponse our to be closeat hand
	layer_4: and ta frait father will say that the poniys aught to be close that hand
	layer_6: and afraid father will say that the pones ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: am afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: yes tat srit if a cam be don but will go hardre thus all of the endiancskave ok the ba of the chrap und turn upon tose who seid it
	layer_4: yes that thright if i can be done but wi'll go hard withus all of the indian sgeve up the ba of the trap and turne upon those who seid it
	layer_6: yes that sright if it can be done but wll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bayt of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes thats right if it can be done but i will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians give up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians give up the bay of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: wheill you must tukid a ruith father sicrese
	layer_4: whell you must thuk it a rou ith father sicris
	layer_6: wel you must tlk it a ru with father sichris
	layer_8: well you must talk it aru ith father n sichris
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father a cichris
	layer_12: well you must talk it arue with father n cichris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to many wres kon thebou as ai tol du
	layer_4: to many retdskins thabout as i toldo
	layer_6: to many retskins about as i told you
	layer_8: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: there alwas to many readg skins about crardchrisnmpitiently
	layer_4: theire al ways to many red skinds about craed chrismpitiently
	layer_6: they're always to many red  skins about cried christimpatiently
	layer_8: ther'are always too many red skins about cried christ im patiently
	layer_10: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: o wisho culd chare them boltiasind them lying over the plainds
	layer_4: i wias so coud chard them bollia sind them flying over the plans
	layer_6: i wisthl could charge them bolya sen them flying over the plans
	layer_8: i wish we could charge them bolya send them flying over the plaines
	layer_10: i wish we could charge them bolly a send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them bolly ad send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: no ry to comebyck a gint said nend sharply
	layer_4: novere to come back a gin said ten sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again saind nent sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nence sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said nun sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said nun sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quit miylage tond do e t ot replaing a er re ticklish ging
	layer_4: not quite mylads dhan to see that were plaing anf ver rytook lish ginge
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't you see that were playing i verytock lush game
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a vevry ticklush game
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a vevery ticklush game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a vevery ticklush game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trss then the dactrcam to the shougdr wit the boyce hav ing tlking bring with am waton levbin shouding rather trinedto shooet fre  had had no sessess ndthey two were talking urnesly baut ways am ms
	layer_4: drist then the dartrcame  to the sholder with the boys having talking bring with en waton wh eaving shooding oratherd tring to shoot for ee had had no sussess ndthey two were talking earnessly ofbout ways ad mes
	layer_6: dresst then the dactor caeinto the sheuder with a boys haveieng talking bring with em woton who haven shooting or atherd trying to shoot for he had had no suscess and they two were talking earnestly about way s ad mes
	layer_8: jrust then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have beeg talking bring with hem whorton who have been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meas
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the shelter whire the boys have been talking brng with hem whorton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and meas
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys have been talking bring with him whorton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: o'h hry or grgs pred the dacter
	layer_4: o ear yar grigs cred the dacter
	layer_6: ohr yar griggs cried the doctor
	layer_8: oh hryare griggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: hade ae goed t n escauding yes sir
	layer_4: had a god turn esgouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good turn a scoutin yes sir
	layer_8: had a good turno scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turn o scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turn o scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indi insavfe shifpeteo the corters and theri in the bout as ol ciurd apossicion astlhy could contrive foao oe herpeos
	layer_4: the indiancs have shipte the corders and there i in thebout as eqoard a possition as ly could contryfe fou of hurpose
	layer_6: the indiance have shippted the qurters and there in the bout as ilkurd a position tas we could contrie far af hurpose
	layer_8: the indians have shifted their quarters and thereein the bout us ilkward a position tas the could contri foru a purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they rein the ballas okward a position lest te could contrive for ou purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and theyrein the ballas akward a position lest te could contrive for ou purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: he mus get away from heae to some good hunting grownd
	layer_4: he must get away from her to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: ye mus get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to to inda sink to becamthinmg or on onta mos
	layer_4: to the endia sing to becaphing or onl on he mos
	layer_6: to the indiasing to be capping or only on the move
	layer_8: to the indian shing to be capping or only on the move
	layer_10: do the indian thing to be capping or only on the move
	layer_12: do the indian thing to be capping or only on the move

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: thes seemed tommed dto bhe hatn afpsoma dardr another in pigrgs
	layer_4: the seeme to med to be hatghing uf som  dargerw another andrepli grigs
	layer_6: thes seeme to med to be hatching uf somef darger another andreplied bgriggs
	layer_8: thirs seemed to mee to be hatching up some darger another nd replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dadgeor another in replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dargeor another in replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: then he' began towaolk u ben douns fouly ovidently deepen thoct
	layer_4: then he began to walk up an downce foly evidently deep ind thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downcefully evidently deep in thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and downfolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ias made of ly mine
	layer_4: there he said as made a y mind
	layer_6: there he said as made of y mind
	layer_8: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_10: there he said as made of thy mind
	layer_12: there he said as made of thy mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: it is mary eviden hat we my wai hear tar stors ikxosbed and be as faroff thour petue do ly scussevern
	layer_4: it is nery evident that we mey waiht here cor stores ixosbid and be as far of theoura pretunido we seecus evern
	layer_6: it is marry evident that we may wait here to ouro stores a eousbid and be as far offtheiruop potunity we seek us ever
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to ur stores a exaucpid and be as far off ther opportunity we seek us ever
	layer_10: it is very evident that we may wait here tol our stores  exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_12: it is very evident that we may wait here to our stores are exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: the ind eans celet wea caln not and thashings o moit
	layer_4: the indians kall ayt we canot and they sin to know it
	layer_6: the indians kallwigt we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_8: the indians kall wait we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_10: the indians kale wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians kill wait we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin t give up yyounrices plan sidt peex s plolly
	layer_4: to n to give up youngcprises plaind sit pe explely
	layer_6: going to give up young chres's planed sitpie explolay
	layer_8: going to give up youngctrisses plane fitpx plowly
	layer_10: going to give up youngkriss's planed fitpirx splowly
	layer_12: going to give up youngkriss's planned fitpirx splowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no 'n gont do put t n forse ou oncs we stat to night
	layer_4: no 'm going to put t inforce out once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i'm going to put it n force out once we stote to night
	layer_8: no i am going to put it in force aut once we state to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force out once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: thue al ther sam we combe naking of pepritions
	layer_4: but alther samed we com be naking a peparations
	layer_6: but all ther same we can be naking a preparations
	layer_8: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_10: bur all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the barews camme for doed wlater and evdry on s potu
	layer_4: the barws cam beh fordoed wahter and every onespohto
	layer_6: the barrels can be foodwod water and every one spottle
	layer_8: the barrews can be fiotd wid water and everyone'sbottle
	layer_10: the barrewls can be fooed with water and everyone's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be footed with water and everyone's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: rliions canbe pat t ien o woall its ae fat o riytin helready fore stot
	layer_4: previtsions can be pac in o wallits hefat eveything hel ready for e stit
	layer_6: provisions can be packe ino wallats the fat everything helready for a strat
	layer_8: provisions can be packed in a wallets the fact everything hel ready for a stat
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in o walletz the fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in o wallez the fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: fainoly juset thus thet anmust conbedro vidiencs fwer futer wather and
	layer_4: fanarly jusept thusk the aimlos can be drividence re fouther water and
	layer_6: finally jus at tusk the animos can be drividence oere foter waterd and
	layer_8: finally just at dusk the animals can be drivinins for foo ornd watered and
	layer_10: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in o food and waterd and
	layer_12: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven into food and waterd and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excacklyts re pli the docter
	layer_4: excactlys reply the docter
	layer_6: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly as replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly as replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but be for any morr hr saigiks iow wat to offe yo ther ofppertunity yo drobac
	layer_4: but before any more ar saia goigs i aght to ofter you the opportunitya oa draback
	layer_6: but before any moreesedigiggs i waught to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more ausetic rigs i wought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more aestetic rigs i wought to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more aestetic rigs i wounht to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wilt four sigov srarpling
	layer_4: will for sid gve srplig
	layer_6: will four said gooved shrarply
	layer_8: whil four said gruve sharply
	layer_10: whil for said gouve sharply
	layer_12: whit for said gouve sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lote a bit of it sir a'md con to tik ared thed dot hit meg
	layer_4: not a bit of it sir i'm gon to take hare thy on't hidmig
	layer_6: not a bit of it sir i'm goig to take char they don't hipne
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take are they don't hip me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hip me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wen o do have bit to caryout young prisis plan is should upe the res kan forhl we gortor prapsam monph ill wbed get righte away
	layer_4: i m wen to do a bit to carry yout young crises plan as shoud up the reskin for awegrtur praps a month ile we get right away
	layer_6: i mean to do a bit to carr y yout young chrisse's plan i shut up the reskin for a wekertur perhaps a month whilel we get right away
	layer_8: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chrises plan i shut up the reskin for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan a shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan as shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: ther s the forble sitt ggs
	layer_4: there is the horible situte gigs
	layer_6: there is tha horrible sidic bigs
	layer_8: there is ta horrible sydic bigs
	layer_10: there is he horrible cyguic gigs
	layer_12: there is the horrible psyguic gigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: wuld be is whe let then git the betterfas ir
	layer_4: woat be as we let then git the betterfase sir
	layer_6: would be if we let them give the betterfus sir
	layer_8: would be if we let them gie the better of us sir
	layer_10: woud be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better of us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: you mang the shuving upt the ane my hrare distars
	layer_4: you mean the shudting up the enee heare dstars
	layer_6: yoeu mean the shuting up the enemy here ti stars
	layer_8: you mean the shdding up the enemy here di stars
	layer_10: you mean the shding up the enemy here distars
	layer_12: you mean the shodding up the enemy here distars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: he dackolret a cringts so shuply o the boicetarted srsem rihe of be did cser
	layer_4: e jacklaet a crigs so sharbly t of the boicedarded srzam right of bhi did sir
	layer_6: te jaculated crigs so sharply thor the boys tarted sirsm right have bey did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sysm mright ive they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sysm mright if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started sysm mright if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: whoat buses hav they do won oer sclp wut e thion nt shud th bup tis toe
	layer_4: what busics had they do one er sculp wut we shian int shet the mup os tave
	layer_6: what busness have they do on our skulp wut we should hat shut them up tistarve
	layer_8: what business hade they do on our sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they do whonor sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they do whonor sculps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have weks of wrk e for the could get thei horses eup thoth with hou horses bi be aout inhe wak
	layer_4: they't have weeks of work befor the could get their horses out thut withou horses thiy by out in ha wak
	layer_6: theyd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before thy could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a weke
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a weke
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses theyd be out in a weeke

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sente
	layer_4: star non sencs
	layer_6: star note sense
	layer_8: starve nont or sense
	layer_10: starved nonhe sense
	layer_12: starve nonheassense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i don anto mex spechunes it housfedtle dentimen
	layer_4: but there i don't want o me xpechs it sals edtle gentiman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to meke speeches it s aws settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's al settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wly yuse go to te the lookat withs come og
	layer_4: wlt ouse god to to the looke out withs comeng off
	layer_6: whel youve god to te the look out withs coming off
	layer_8: what you've got to te the lookout whats coming off
	layer_10: what you've got to tel the lookout what' coming off
	layer_12: what you've got to tel the lookout what's coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now evry oe unde sand tha he ais toi be radye with tat shln e any washd fo indincsceut thaf ther something on the wayt
	layer_4: now everyone understand that he as to be ready withthoat shalle any wash fo ind dincegeut that theris something on the war
	layer_6: now every one understand that he is to be ready with that shall ne any washful ind dinsegout that there is something on the way
	layer_8: now everyone understand that he is to be ready with that sholling any washful and dinsgout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watshful in dinscout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watshful in dinscout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet si stron was the effectpon him of contenpliting a large fortingim that in despit of areson endesr he livet in eger expectation of the word which should my came rich
	layer_4: yet so stron was the effect upon him of conten plating a large fortuun that in despit of areason andesire he lived in eage expectation of the word which should my chimrich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of areason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should ma him rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortuune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: apart of that inperession was du to fhe ingagemant which he must n oufull fel
	layer_4: apart of that impression was du to te ingagement which he must nowful feell
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must naow fulfel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfeld
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfiel
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shalflout of thisute woulh migk him two ig noible even in his oie ys
	layer_4: to shafoll out of this uty would make him two ignobled even in his o eyes
	layer_6: to shuffle out of this duty would make him to ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: be caus in his selled ds ha dalied with a gild whoho had en deeed many chus stepep pistapp he had come to the necessiteg of sacrifaieing his prosspicts to that ra attachment
	layer_4: because in his sallowd diys ha dallied with a girl who had indeed many chans stepd by step he had come to the necessity of sacrifacing his prospicts to that raw attachment
	layer_6: because in his sala daes he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_8: because in his salid days he dalliyed with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salid days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think of ork he lef the hou seind wanbed plemally about ragencspok
	layer_4: on ible to think of work he left the house and woneded blumirly about regen spark
	layer_6: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered bloomely about regien's park
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regen's park
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regentspark

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he helt himself il usdo byi destinly a terefor by mowiy who was fightes instrmet
	layer_4: he fhelt himself ill used by destiny ad therefore by maiad ho was fites instrumet
	layer_6: he feltd himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marrion who was fahte's instrumante
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by mariod who was fate's instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he roted to maowingn
	layer_4: he wroted to manning hn
	layer_6: he wrote to marring hin
	layer_8: he wrote to marrigham
	layer_10: he wrote to marrigha
	layer_12: he wrote to marighan

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whel you let le hear or comein seemeing
	layer_4: wheth you let be hear or comemand seeing
	layer_6: wietl you let me hea or com and seeming
	layer_8: whiel you let me heare or come and seeming
	layer_10: whill you let me hear or come and seeming
	layer_12: whill you let me hear or come and seeming

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarsly thougt have beifin his mikely to kill himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought hav befen has lightly to kill himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought hof biffeen as likely to kill himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of byffon as likely to kill himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kill himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kill himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but y that she stid he go al the by i hou the
	layer_4: but woy tha cho stid he gon' all the wayehout ther
	layer_6: but whoy that us tdid he go all the way y out there
	layer_8: but whyy the jeuse did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the dewse did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the jeuse did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hi tyo woeld brimy son ns
	layer_4: i hope you woultd bri me som ns
	layer_6: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped you would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothety yoi an inly suppise
	layer_4: povharty yuikecan only surpose
	layer_6: povirt yoi can only suppose
	layer_8: poverty y i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i wil see welke doe i had' comeacros bifen for a h long tin
	layer_4: but i will see welke daow i hadn't come acros befen for an long time
	layer_6: but i will see welp dow i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welp down i hadn't come across biffon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see welp down i hadn't come across biffin for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see welp down i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: whls he stiso nary po
	layer_4: whils he still so nary par
	layer_6: whils he still so nary por
	layer_8: whilst he steiel so nerry poor
	layer_10: whilst he steal so nerry poor
	layer_12: whilst he steal so nerry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: askt aimydh compassionatly
	layer_4: asked amy compassionatly
	layer_6: asked imi compassionately
	layer_8: asked imi compassionately
	layer_10: asked imi compassionately
	layer_12: asked imi compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i ma frite si his bok fild uttel
	layer_4: iam afrad so his book fald utely
	layer_6: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i am afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: o ifo i had a magind him still insuchd destresse sharly i migt avedon something to helrpu
	layer_4: oh if oi had amagind him still in such destress surly i wit have done something to helrppum
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help you

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: purchanse his deftwas im part arebtable to that hopls slove
	layer_4: perchance his death was impart a tributable to that hopeles love
	layer_6: perchaince his death was impart a tributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was inpart atributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was inpart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sen't me accopy of his nobl she sad and i swy ham onse towi saf to thea
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his novle she saned and i sa im oncelr towic safter that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novel she saied and i saw him once or towice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: hav ing thi subjec to convirsupon put the two ware cuicply a esed thand could other wis have beeing the cace
	layer_4: having this subject to conversupon put the two mare quickly at ease than could otherwaise have beeing the case
	layer_6: having this subject o convers upon put the two more quickly at east than could other wise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject tot converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: i me migt take ar formost plice aung brildy witend
	layer_4: amy might takea formost place amung brildy wimen
	layer_6: amy might take a formost place among brildyn women
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildi women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brildian women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: a spicially nowthat her farthe rhis thriand wth blinness
	layer_4: especially now that her fa the es threed with blinness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threatned with bloindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threatened with blondness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is itson srous
	layer_4: is it soncserious
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it som serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: even if misto gul recoverse his sigte at is not aed al liktlin that he wilel pe abwled to wor as befor
	layer_4: even if mister you recovers his sit at is not at all likely that whe will be ablre to wor pus befor
	layer_6: even if mister yourl recovers his sight it is not at all likely that whe will be able to workp urs before
	layer_8: even if mister ul recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work us before
	layer_10: even if mister yule recovers his sight int is not at all likely hat he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yule recovers his sight ind is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: a diffrquaofis a soy graie that
	layer_4: and diffico t ies a so grave that
	layer_6: a diffiquatis a so grave that
	layer_8: aund difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he pasd and leve his hand fiol disbodently
	layer_4: he pased and lae his hand fi disponlenly
	layer_6: he caused and led his haned file dispondently
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand fil despondently
	layer_10: he paused and ledt his hand fil despondently
	layer_12: he paused and led his hand fil despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good dal of will you rermember and what i hav set my my tapon no dot i shalf some di a chafe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my my upome no dout i shall some dai a chafe
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mi dupon no doubt i shall some daeachiefe
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind uponm no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achiefe
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: fere wa sois
	layer_4: there was solen
	layer_6: ther were solencs
	layer_8: there was silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: thoeglas three yeus hi contimud have mighte no slite differntce id my position
	layer_4: the last three yeus he continued have maght kno slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three yeus he continued have mat no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recoald were i stood when y fesst eaing
	layer_4: recol where i stood when you first uming
	layer_6: recoll where i stood when you first nne me
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first nea me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first near me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first near me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: jusd nat wia man nad if a liflin coraghent
	layer_4: just naw iami ned of a liftling choriatment
	layer_6: just now i a i need of a liftl encouratment
	layer_8: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in need of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: ye dun't notous any farlling of fid myr bwoor cresentlyg
	layer_4: you don't notus any falling off i mye bwork recently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling off in my bwork recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: di you sea y fhings ind the cart and soo genraly
	layer_4: do you seem my things in the carnt and so on generaly
	layer_6: do you see my things in the curent and so on generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: sometims ie beleav or have tatectegoung went ther was no sicnathure
	layer_4: sometimes i beleve oi have detectadu whent there was no sicnature
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: he storin  mhat gils piper has a tracted attention
	layer_4: her storinin that girl's pape has attracted attention
	layer_6: her story in that girls piper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's piper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i could so easilly cupert rest fi ren ouncing al claime u ponher
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all clime upon  her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her a rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: i ser myes thet that yoeu your self would al si be pud ot rest by such o decsion
	layer_4: i summys that that you yourself would also be put o rest by such a decision
	layer_6: i summies that that you yourself would also be put arest by such a decision
	layer_8: i surm ise that that you yourself would also be put a rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i sumise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jyim look ad me withat ouronical sma he plated
	layer_4: jine look at me with hat ou runical smie he pleded
	layer_6: jin look at me with that aronical smile he pleaded
	layer_8: gyiant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: giant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: giant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i couldn' gob out the claring tha i as harfercen in anyng oint i mustbe c ontamp for paopl to jutch ny accarding to var dispoition and jutchmentsuok prety sur to be yount fi finpble what canni do
	layer_4: i couldn't go abeout the clearing that i was heart brcan in any o in ie must becontent for people to judgemy accordng to ber disposition and judgments of pretty sure to beyoun favfrable what can i do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbooken in any e int i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to teir disposition and judgments a pretty sure to be yund favorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the cases to delicae i fia for my and vis
	layer_4: the casis two dealicat i fea formy advice
	layer_6: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well i'l ga bec to mys scriply
	layer_4: well i'll ga bec to my scriply
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scribly

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: ia gine jesd the hel he wit sof t and for a superfloeus mannt
	layer_4: a gan jas be held the vihte softan for a supperefluous miment
	layer_6: again jas beheld the vhight softaned for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jaspeheld the wigte soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jaspe held the wight soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the wight soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: ye forcuch feeling s he repouced himself and the reporrchd baethim andry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he repoached himself and the reprach mad him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reprach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: mariin could notne stake thy ar of resls s trouble on her companiin slive counnents
	layer_4: maryian could not mistake the ear of restles trouble on her companion slovh countnance
	layer_6: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion slooth countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: che had devingd that there was soe gravreas on for this suence and the panting with which she opproched was half arsed by the enxtiouspiats of her hart
	layer_4: she had devind that there was some grave reason for this sumence and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxiousbeets of her heart
	layer_6: she had divoined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious peats of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summoncs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he be gan a brocke tola
	layer_4: he began a bropetley
	layer_6: he began a broptly
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gae her suche de tousas he had omf taint then aded
	layer_4: he gave her such detowus as he had mb taint then added
	layer_6: he gave her such detows as he had obtained then added
	layer_8: he gave her such detils as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: there two of mike am panins foll on in the battle
	layer_4: there r two of mike am panions fall n in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i oughto fhink myself a lackiny falli maoing wat
	layer_4: i oughto think myself a lucky fellie maia wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky fali mariar what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky fely marria what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marrian what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marrian what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you woud bet hea friten to figte your wy jsper
	layer_4: you ware betterfitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you ware better fitt en to fight your way jaspe
	layer_8: you are better fit and to fight your way jaspe
	layer_10: you are better fit and to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you are better fit and to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: lnr of a reet y nhean
	layer_4: lor of a bret ene
	layer_6: lawe of a breet iane
	layer_8: glar of a brit evan
	layer_10: flora a brit evene
	layer_12: flora va brit evine

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: he a know veryng well i tind
	layer_4: he adknow veryn well i dined
	layer_6: he are know very well idoned
	layer_8: her know very well i don't
	layer_10: her know very well i don't
	layer_12: her know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have maghd ovf my mond afeeyu arefis he wain torm presentliy
	layer_4: i have mat of my mind av out airafearse he wen torm prisently
	layer_6: i have made ouf my mind about airafars he wentorm presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about oiur affairs he went on presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: ges
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: gess
	layer_10: guess
	layer_12: gess

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: wil you marryly and dlit a s tike et chans
	layer_4: will you marrimy and let us take ar chance
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us tae ou chance
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take our chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you fel youself indispencibletoyoa father e present
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to your father ate present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i shaud be some frind of the affectupon his helf jesper
	layer_4: i should be soe  fraind of the affect upon his healfh jaspe
	layer_6: i should be so a frand of the effect upon his health jaspe
	layer_8: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jaspa
	layer_10: i should be so afraind of the effect upon his health jaspar
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jaspar

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she prased and looked appart himtuching y
	layer_4: she paused and looked upert hem tuchingla
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchingy
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: tde yar i caut fel it would be my ju ty to r nowuds he because my father had become blaigt
	layer_4: deyar i caun't feel it would be mi duty to rnous he because my father had become blid
	layer_6: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renoue yhu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: da i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blighde
	layer_10: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blihte
	layer_12: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blite

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acur to you
	layer_4: has one thing accr to you
	layer_6: has one thing occur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: whill he couln sampt to receve an alonts for aperson whos nme isomisses nal fly
	layer_4: will he con semnt to receive in aloncse from a person whose name is misses no vy
	layer_6: will he consent to receive in allouance from a person whose name is missus nivene
	layer_8: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvan
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: andi   obstonetly refses what thind what his before hme
	layer_4: and if e obstinatly refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she list an the anxioustuiy and dreflected
	layer_4: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listened the anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as o have sid thre as a very erious tout whet theour foathe would excepct money forbyou when ye wrl mo bifth
	layer_4: as i have seand there is a very serious dout where the our fathe would except money for bu when you wirl mo wife
	layer_6: as i have said there is a very serious dou whether your father would accept money for you when you ware my wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it hisn't yoour fou mowiin and wel then theis only one thing to do
	layer_4: it isn't your foult mariant and well then thie's only one thing to do
	layer_6: it isn't your foult marrion and well then theres only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marion and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: ixcarped jesper that h father his helpluss i mus fin means of a shuring his suppart
	layer_4: except jesper that if father is helpless i must fi mans of a sureing his support
	layer_6: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jaspe that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: axcept jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jaspar that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: to yi hink then in semoutable
	layer_4: do ou think them insimoutable
	layer_6: do you think them insumountable
	layer_8: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_10: do you think them insumountable
	layer_12: do you think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus wr hha dosid it his ing possibl mowi you shall have the plintrith
	layer_4: that his just waheo hve disideat his impossible mauiin you shall have the plaine troth
	layer_6: that is just what i hve decide at his impossible maian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible malion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided his impossible marion you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided is impossible marion you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i drn't trast my self
	layer_4: i don't trust myself
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shald y fie the willilyn
	layer_4: but shalld he fas the williygly
	layer_6: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_8: but shall ye face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall ye face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall ye face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: ple hup uroun brelof marian
	layer_4: pout hup you rum brell of marin
	layer_6: purd up you run brella marian
	layer_8: puled up yu rumbrella marian
	layer_10: pullt up yourambrella marian
	layer_12: pullet up yourambrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whak do i caa for a dropof rine shexclaind with passion ant sedness when al mn life is ic stuk how n mig to on derstantyou
	layer_4: what to i care for a drop erain she xclaned with passionate sadness when all mie life is astuke how e ig to understangd you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understaned you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every wordgei spek seemtingtended to this hartenmyn
	layer_4: every wordg you speak seemtingtenden to this hartend me
	layer_6: every word you speak seemsintendend to this heartened me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intendent to this heartened me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intendent to this heartened me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intendent to this heartened mi

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: yn nau conelt ifthat his the trth
	layer_4: hy ne you conceal it if that is the trth
	layer_6: why need you canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what youb  by sing you distross u solf
	layer_4: is that what you me by saging you distrus yousolf
	layer_6: is that what you mea by syging you distrustd yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mut sei ch o the regad mariygom
	layer_4: we must see ch othe regan maria
	layer_6: we must see ch o the regairn mariam
	layer_8: we must see each other ra gae mariam
	layer_10: we must see each other a gean maria
	layer_12: we must see each other a gean maria

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howr my tolive and o i nsuch unsertainteis tecs
	layer_4: howe my to live an oy in such uncertainty as this
	layer_6: how a i to live an omr in such uncertainty ais this
	layer_8: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i tdowisht
	layer_4: i do wissh it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremotion had ne fecdon hio and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heremotion had n afectd on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: heremotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there as n natural lor that a cholld should se regde emhrything for herpparancs
	layer_4: there is now natural lore thato chald should surende everything for her parence
	layer_6: there is no natural law that a chirlve should surrende everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yoiv no sye much more of the woll than ider cartuid fvicemig
	layer_4: youad n so much more of the wolld then ide cantyou idfice me
	layer_6: you' know so much more of the world than i do can't u ad fis me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: isthad kno wy of provoiting for my fothr
	layer_4: is thed kno way of provoiding for my fther
	layer_6: is tha no way of provoiding for my fther
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of providing for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: god god this is froight ful marionm i coant standet
	layer_4: good god this is fright ful marian i canstand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marion i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i wirl be faifteful to yu
	layer_4: i will be faith ful to ou
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had migte a protens of holding his om bror ivo her but mariy in turndowy a waokto alittle distancs and stood binyt the shelt er of a grigte trie here fiace of erted frompiun
	layer_4: he had maide a protentse of holding his um broor eover her but maryin turned awy ad walked to a little distance and stood beneth the shelter of a grit tre her face oerted from om
	layer_6: he had made a pretense of holding his umbrele over her but mary in turned awy and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a grit tree her fice averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretensce of holding his umbrellar over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: novig to folliw he swar thr her fridme w shake in by soundles sorping
	layer_4: movi to follow he saw that her frainm was shakeen by sounles sobing
	layer_6: movic to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: en what ca theirbe morsolficiuss
	layer_4: in what can ther be more sofichness
	layer_6: in what can there be more sofishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: but hi couldnt sy on ord that whulch seeme to in fit such miseryis this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say of word that would seeme to infighte such missery as this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say o word that would seem to infighte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invighte such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: you ton love me jespe an that'sand and of everyhing
	layer_4: you dun love me jespa and thats an end of everything
	layer_6: you don't love me jespe and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspe and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: happinassol miserry come to ess byffit
	layer_4: happinessal miserycome tooas by faiit
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by a fate
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hen mye powrt to mighke yourhappy
	layer_4: is if hin my pow to mayk you happy
	layer_6: is if he my pawert to make you happy
	layer_8: is if in my poer to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: but hav e at sate hou louget we be fo thet i should hav it all wlyce to remimbe
	layer_4: but hivfe yhe lhad sat ye loved mee before that i should have it alwice to remimber
	layer_6: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it alwayse to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it alwise to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i beleve any hing i beleave oht i did loying
	layer_4: if i believ anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: whate cam you s to meig mor than you have sad nr
	layer_4: whante can you say to me more than you have sed na
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have send now
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have saind now
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: remembemy as af man who distredgarded prisl laf such as ors to go and mke himself a prowd position am on fools and naves indee that's whr its cometon
	layer_4: remembemers a man who disregarded pricele slave such as yurs to go and make himself a proud position omong fouls ad naves indee that what its cometo
	layer_6: remember my as a man who disregarded priceless lauf such as yurs to go and make himself a proued position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless loges such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: son noufe wold thorly dispoisemyg and tho i should now it was merrited wmhy epo vers prid would refal togistit
	layer_4: soon an ou fe would thorougly dispis min and though i should kno ot was merrited my povirst pried would revalt tagainst it
	layer_6: soon enou fhyew would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough heu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough yeu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: whate can be simpl ot han the trith
	layer_4: what can be simplorthan the trief
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the truf
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truf
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: ift is a fing tha happens averid etherin a man l homen and fal that onoe demance isthe couragedto confise the trith
	layer_4: it is a fing that happens every day either in a man ar whomen and oll what ollof demans is the curraged to confesst the truth
	layer_6: it is a tingdthant happens every daye either in a man or whoman and all whalt olla demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that ol i demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that oli demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that olive demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: marryam o hoe do this whill you leive her in gageet lasfornothe sixmoncse but withey out have meating jurin that taien
	layer_4: marion will you do this whill you let har ingagement lasfornother sixmonts but witheyoud have meting guring that tin
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that tine
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without ha meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let her engagement last for another six months but without hav meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that seeins to me chaldish
	layer_4: that seems to me charldish
	layer_6: that seems to me childish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the rain fel on sacingwen ad withthit begard to ligl a ore tombla bist
	layer_4: the rain fell uncasingli and with it begaed to migle an or tumla mist
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingig and with it began to migle an ourtumblin mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasinglyn and with it began to mingle an autumblirn mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbling mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumbling mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jes bet deligd a mimet then ast comly
	layer_4: jesper delahd a miment then asked comly
	layer_6: jespar delayet a miment then asked calmly
	layer_8: jaspea delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jaspear delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you goind to the musem yes
	layer_4: ar you going to the museum yes
	layer_6: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: go hirme hagi for thi smorning marinon you carp worck
	layer_4: gohime agie for this morning marrion you cap work
	layer_6: go home agin for this morning marion you capt work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marion you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: by must and i have no tan to lirs
	layer_4: by must and i have no tam to los
	layer_6: y must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: good by shegave ind hers ind
	layer_4: good by she gave hin her hand
	layer_6: good bye she gave im her hand
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi looke tody ch owthe forn enstat they mowni n lef the shelto of the trin ipeter of brela and walked quicply awy
	layer_4: thy looked it each othe for an enstanmt the marryian left the shelter of the tre iopet er a brella ant walked quickly awy
	layer_6: thy looked at each other for an instant the maryan left the shelter of the tree iped her a brella and walked quickly awy
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jas bhe did not watchho he had the fice of a man who was suffer igas sof fat hemaleation
	layer_4: just the did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering as sof fia humaliation
	layer_6: just the did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a sevr humiliation
	layer_8: jastat did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_10: jaspar did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jaspar did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o sive bery little for she reackig noas genhuan sufringin his tin sand aspict
	layer_4: his sister said bury little for she recognow s genuan sufftering in his tines and aspect
	layer_6: his sister said bury little for she recognos genuane suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said bery little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his times and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fe wenk sago he aially prepos towr orman for hm hegus not protame to have the slihtes teffection but her was very rich and who seemed lihtely to ba folition ough to marry hm
	layer_4: a few winksago he atually propose to ar woman for hom he dos not protame to have the slightes deffection but who was very rich and who seemed litely to be foolishionough to mary him
	layer_6: a few winkgs ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few wenks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nong morting he wraeseived er fin al asr a refusal
	layer_4: yest none morning he wre seived her final answer a refusal
	layer_6: yestrdane morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_8: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: yoi will onde staned thi sholy u nadt n fresh prif how uttlly u wor the he as ovf hu
	layer_4: you will understaned thy sharly youneed nofresh prof how utily awor the he as of you
	layer_6: you will understand thoygh surely you need no fresh proof how utterly uworthy he is of you
	layer_8: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly aworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you wol the only forid doy have of my own sexks and i could not b t wse hyou
	layer_4: you wor the only frendi have of my own sex and i could not betloose you
	layer_6: you wre the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_8: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of mine own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of mine own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevrle dase passtd beforl thei came of reply
	layer_4: severl days passt before thei came of reply
	layer_6: several days passed before theire came a reply
	layer_8: several days passd before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly as thitk you wl wrigkt tome with out the las refferente t o the strouvls tell e orverways about yourself ad be shae that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_4: i must oinly asked that you will right to me without the least reference to thes troubles tell me alaways about yourself and be sure that you cannot tll me to much
	layer_6: i must only ask that you will riht to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we havesucceited in amassing too hundred eunses of silver nogh i tress to a rec ahanseom bronet ficgur
	layer_4: we have succeeded and a massing two hundred ounces of silver anough i truss to a rect  handsome brownds figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trest to erect a handsome brownde figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronde figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in emassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: to be surt seens a sham yet af i could stel th money this priesed es bosting abou i could liv it eas for the rest of mid dayse and oh he begank casting about howp best he mit composis perpase
	layer_4: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal them money this presed es bosting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and soh he began casting about how best he might composshis puroce
	layer_6: too be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steeal the money this priesd is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purfose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this priestis boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priestis boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the presd far  from guessing the drift of his comrts thouts durny cherfully an til they rich the toun of coona
	layer_4: but the prest far from guessing the drift of his comrads thoughts journyd cheerfully on til they reach the town of cna
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coona
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coanna
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of coanna

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: here thereis an arm of the sa which is crosd in fery boats that startas soun a some twonty ar thirty pasengers ar gather together and an hone of the's bots the two tralers omdbart
	layer_4: here thereis an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startis soon a some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travelers and barkd
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startis soon afd some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fery boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: when the bot men apassonders heard the splashion saw the pres strugliy in the water theyrewere fraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was faire in the boat runng swifly under the beling sailes soi they were soon a few hundred yard s off rom the drouning man who sank before the bote could be turne or reskiu him
	layer_4: when the boatemen a passenders heard the splashon saw the prise strugglin in the water they were frad and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair an the boat running swiftly under the bellyings sailes so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drownding man who sank before the boate could be turned to resky him
	layer_6: when the boatmen andpassenders heard the splash and saw the priest strugglin in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boak could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the prest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he sawthas the rond faind the utmose crefen thismame and said to his fell upasenders tis prese toom we of just lostd was my cousant he was going to cieo toa to visit the shrign of his patrant and as i happend to have business there s well we settled to travle together
	layer_4: when he saw thas the ron fained the utmost criefin tismame and said to his fellow passengers tis priesed om we afe just lost was my cousant he was going to kio to to visit the shrin of his patrent and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron fained the upmost crief in dismayme ind said to his fellow passengers this presed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patrant and as i happened to have business there s well we settled to travele together
	layer_8: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost crief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this presed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there s well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kieoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the run feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: nehoa las by this mis fortan my cousen is dead and i amleft l lone
	layer_4: now  last by this missfortune my cousin is dead and i am left  lone
	layer_6: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke so feling ly an wept so freely thae the pasender's believedou story and pited in tried comfordem
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed o story and pitied in tried comfordem
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed to story und pitied and tried to comfortem
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that te passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story un pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story un pitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than the ron an said to the botmen
	layer_4: then the roan an said to the boatemen
	layer_6: then the roan and said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the ronand said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the ronand said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the ronand said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think u gentleman adid he turning to the other shravlars
	layer_4: what think you gentleman addid he turning to the other stravelers
	layer_6: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were only to glad to o voit any hinderince to ther onward jurny and al with onevoyce agreed to wat the ron an heve prprosed ands o the matter ras sattled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to avoit any hindrance to theire on word journy and all with one voice agreed to what the ron in have proprosed and so the matter wah sattled
	layer_6: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proposed and so the matter was satdled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was setdled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonan had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonon had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: weon at lank they reache theh shor they lofthe boat and every man went his way but the ronint over joyd an is heart tooke the ondering preace lugage and puting it with his on fersued his jurney to kioto
	layer_4: wen at leng they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ronent over joyed and his heart took the wondering prece lugage and puttig it with his on persuid his journey to kioto
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his on pursued his journey to kiota
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priests luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortun favoring hispeculations he beun to a mask great wel taen lived at hises dening himself nothing and in the course of time he married awife who bore him achild
	layer_4: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth ind lived at his es dinying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since then alas gone wel was me yet had i not been poor i had never turnedto sasson northief
	layer_4: since then allwas gone well was me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then always gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin northief
	layer_8: since then always gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned ta sassin northief
	layer_10: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin north thief
	layer_12: since then allways gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin north thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he would a fled into the house but tha gos strech forth hi t withered arm and clutch ing the back of is  next scalled at him with a veendict of glairana hitius gasly ness of mean so one spekably owfl that any ordinary man woul ha swoon with fer
	layer_4: he would havfloed into the house but the go stretch fourth is withered arm and clutching the back of his nexk scalled at him with a vendict of glar and a hideous gastliness of mean so on speakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooun with fear
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the ghot stretche forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his nexk scowled at him with a vindict ofe glare and a hideous gastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of minm so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length undon by such seasless vexation tok abay fel ill and ket muttering o missary misery the wandering prieased is coming to tworturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation tok a bey fell ill and ket muttering oh misery misery the wandering priesed is coming to torture me
	layer_6: at length undone by such ceaseless fexation took abay fell ill and kep muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation took o bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tok a bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tok a bay fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now t chance that the story richd the ears of a certin wandering preace to lodged in the nextren
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reach the ears of a certain wandering priese two lodged in the nextren
	layer_6: now it chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest two lodged in the nex trent
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stream

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and highding is head und r the coverlet he lake quivering all over
	layer_4: and higting his head under the coverlet he lake quivering all over
	layer_6: and hidinghis head under the cover let he la quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three yearsc ad the con afary you flung me into the water and welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the coon affairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_6: three years ago at the cuon afairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the kuana feiry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happlly contenrd the prieast i had learne to swim anto dive as a boy sai reach the sor and after wandering throg many provences succeedted and setting upule bron t fiure to boda thus fa filling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily contenue the priesd i had learned to swim and todive as a boy sa i reachd the shore and after wandering through many provences succeeded and setting up a brownd figure to buda thusfafilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded and setting up a bronde figure to budta thus fufilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to budda thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: on my jurny homworts i toothalodging in the nex treet and ther heard if your marvlus ilment
	layer_4: on my journey homemwords i took a lodging in the nextreet and there heard of your marvalous alment
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous alment
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i could devind at's caus t a came to seeu and thenm blad to find i was not astakan
	layer_4: thinking i could divind its cause i came to see u and hem glad to find i was not mstaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and wuld in't not illd become me to bar maus
	layer_4: and would i't not ill become me to beare malce
	layer_6: and would i not ill become me to bear malise
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repent therefor in abandinoar eva ways
	layer_4: repent therefor in abandin yor evil ways
	layer_6: repent therefore in abandonur evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do sol i shoule stm the heighte of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i shoul testam the hight of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be avf good chere now and look bain the face and ew willsy that i am rilli a living man and no venhful doblan come te toermantya
	layer_4: be of good cheere now and look me in the face and you will see that i am rially a living man and no venshful goblind come to torment ya
	layer_6: be of good cheer now and lookd bme in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no venshful goblin come to torment you
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment yo
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in afit haf madness i was tempsted to kill and wropiu
	layer_4: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and brobbo
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: forthim be frended me ever after but the ritur i crue the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i for saw that my victims fengions would some day ofvertakemig
	layer_4: fortuned befrended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fengence would someday overtake me
	layer_6: fortune befrended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victims vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: honte by thes thought i lost my nurove tiolt one night i beheldyour spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: haunte by this thought i lost my nerve tilt one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i losst my nerve til one knight i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve til one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but howu manished to hi scaepinher still a live is more than i can understand
	layer_4: but how you manighe to hiscape in er still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you manage to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you managed to escape in her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: a gilty man said the presd with a smile shutters at the rustling of the wnd the chattering of ha storksbeak a merders conscieonce praise upon his min til he sease what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priesed with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha stork speak a murders consciente praise upon his min till he seas what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind ore the chattering of a stork speak a murders conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of ha storik speak a murder's conscience preise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hastoric speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of hastoric speak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well ordherd jarlkings hoom of the old fasion igng hasitstlitle shrnm which as the senter of ther relidgeos lie t i the hous
	layer_4: every well orderd jacptis home of the old fashion kineg has its little shrim which as the senter of the relige oth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered jackes home of the old fashiond kind havs its little shrime which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered jackes home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrim which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jackeese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centr of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered jackneese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrime which is the centr of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: sheidis whe set the riceon ine bef wor thy ans estral tandlets who lightes the litl lam peach naie and who sie that at each fee stayn andersre seson the proberfoot is prepared and set out for the housld got
	layer_4: she itis who sets the ric and ine before the ands estral tadlets who lights the littlelam pech knihte and who sees that at each feesesday an anoversere season the prober footis prepared and set out for the houseld godts
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wne before the ancestrial tablets who lights the little lampeach knight and who seesed that at each feest day in aniversary season the proper foot is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestril tablets who lights the little lamp each knight and who sees that at each feastday in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these must be kep carefully by the mothers o safe gartigent tha manyt evles tha beset chiled life
	layer_4: these must be kep carefully by the mothers asafe gard igains the many evils that beset shild life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is te safe gard against tha many evils that beset shild life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visitstonoted templs by relit ofes im friends ofton risaltin aditionh to the chilt clection
	layer_4: visits tonoted temples by relatives em friends often resault in additionts to the child colection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives an friends often result ind additions to the child'h collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits do noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits do noted temples by relatives and friends often result in addition to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thes ar put tagether by the carefom mother n preservedis shaellasley as queen ou the accep the chard stic that goverened the destinhe ervefer son
	layer_4: all these are put togetherd by the careful mother an proserved as shaell asle as queen o the ackept the chard stick that goverie the dest inte oever son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother an preserved as celously as queen oul thea kept the chard stick that govern the destiny ofher son
	layer_8: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childern aritha years of discression thes treasur's passeout of the mothers faieful keping into the hans of their actualt es an there yeresly cep spor t away and some little use drrer cadnenttild deth re movese the nesessity for any frther sae garntso overlife
	layer_4: as the childrn arivtha years of discression these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual ontors and theie early kept sporet away and some little used drarer cabnent n til deth removes the necessity for any further save gard so overlife
	layer_6: as the children arriv at years of discresion these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hands of their actual orders and theire yearly kept stored away in some little used drawerer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safe guards overlife
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual ders and their yeasually kept storit away in some little used draweor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owders and theire eaually kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owders and theire easually kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ech anei milbringsits ownkind of gouder bad lockcan to the houer day ore yere over whicho prlie and only a skilful bonsero prosand cons can redt or righte tbe con inations and under stan what the luck of andy protecku her hour in andy perticular day  eany pertacular y or will be
	layer_4: each animal brings its own kind of good her bad luc into the hour day or year over which a prodits and only a skillful bal ancwer prosend cons can red o righte the coninations and understand what the luck of any particul her hour in any perticular day of any prticular yer will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of gouder badluck into the hour day or year over which iat prosides and only a skillful balancer a prosen cons can rad a right the conmbinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros in cans can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros an khans can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skilful balancer of pros an khans can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or the greader vens of family lif the hom profasis hor felt to be too uncertae on thas servicses of the forcantellr must becaleden
	layer_4: for the greater aventse of family life the whom propacies ar felt to bet towo uncertain an thes services of the fortutellur must becalled in
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the hom propecies are felt to be too uncertain an this services of the fortune teller must be called hin
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the servfaces of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manesh family wiuth thincod building in new house without finding in what direction to thayce thue frunt dor
	layer_4: no well manishe family would think old building an new house without finding in what direction to pasce the front door
	layer_6: no well manishe family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pace the front door
	layer_8: no well manised family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to pface the front door
	layer_10: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well manished family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this manter has bensettled an the houses farly begun there ar a castinal crices in its construction apon which muchd depens
	layer_4: after this manner has beend settled and the houses fairly begun there are accasonal crices ind its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much dependse
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house es fairly begun there are occasional crises an its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: a these the most importines the da lweng t he brotf isrest
	layer_4: of these the most importainles the day when the roof as rast
	layer_6: of these the most importanes the day when the roof is raised
	layer_8: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the housoner then the side wither the daye set by the builder is a leckin one for himself and his fam
	layer_4: the housoner then  the side wheather the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house ownor then  tesides whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the house owner then  teside whether the day set by the builder is a leckin one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the house owner then deside whether the day set by the builder is a lecky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the house owner then n deside whether the day set by the builder is a lecky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of muney tt whordman is also ian order and will conduse to the rapid in fathful execution of the jhobat han when it las the housis frnishd an carpren ders omqlast ers ar ready to levit the loclfirmen who havei sisted all along in the building as unskild lahburs aoften a sen to the rooeh and from te brigh pull cassdown cakes for hich the shildrem in the neighbor had scramble coyfuly
	layer_4: a present of money teatwormen is also an order and will conduced to the rapit in faithful execution of the chabit hand when it las the houses fonished in carbreneders amd plasteres are ready to leave it the local firaman who heave as sisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often as sen to the roof and from the bridge pull castdown cakes for which the childrenm thin the neighbourhood scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money t eact workmen is also in order and will condoce to the rapit in faithful execution of the jabit hand when at last the houses finished in carboenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firamen who have assisted all along in the building as unskild laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children han the neighborhood scrambled jhoyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to each workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the jab at hand when at last the house is finished in carboenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pull cast down cakes for which the children tin the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eat workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eat workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridgepole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can and thot wo can not consan servansuor privisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thohewho cannot comsen servan sor provisions
	layer_6: allcome who can and those who cannot comstins servants or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot come sen servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot come sens servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come sens servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the day afterd thit death oaffan in the evning tbhebodig must replact in the cask shapd caf on thate unti resontly was ta stil comonly in usengopin
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the bodtyng must re placed in the cask shaped coff and that until resently was a stile comonly an usange opan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in he casku shaped coff an that until resently was a styled commonly in us angeapan
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use ing japan
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a caskue shaped coffin that until recently was a style commonly in use in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: no among the wel hyerclasses the long coffen has superceated the swall sewhare or roun one but the smalerg spence connecto with the baril in the old wayt maxes ervivle of an old time u necescite for the manjority of japans
	layer_4: now among the wealtier classes the long coffen has superceded the small square or round one but the smalerg spense connecto with a barial in the old way makxes survival of an old tigte annecessity for the majority of japanies
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has suprceded the small square or round one but the smaller spense connected with a buriel in the old way makes as survival of an old type anecessity for the majority of japanes
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller xpense connected with he burial in the old way makes as survival of an old type o necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type of necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type of necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at an appoint ed time all the relitovf the sumble in the defht chamber and preperations r made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: ad an apointed time all the relitivfes the sumble in the deth chamber and preperations are made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives thes semble in the death chamber ind preparations are made for the bathing of the corps
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assembol in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: here's no ficial sari moniyo morning of parencs for their children nore dhis custrm require them the perofen any of tlllastd right s oratten the iunnel
	layer_4: there's no  ficial sara monia morning of parencs for their children nor dis custom require them te prform any of the last rigts or attend the funral
	layer_6: there s no official seremonial morning of parents for their children nor doescustom require them to perform any of the last rights or attend the funera
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rigts or attend the funeal
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon the youngr brothers an sistrs falls the duty of iten dhing to all te last sadminastrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sistrs falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all o the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has eend washed as asdresst in whiht in sil caboti when evert e famdlikan  fordat
	layer_4: when the body has band washed as as dressed in white and silcabo time when evert e familican ford it
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white an silcabotie whenever the familycan affordit
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkabotie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silkabo tie whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the body to be plasd in the cofen must be falldted into a siting possture and the chin resten tepon ten neeas the position of the momes fundin many aeragal americontums
	layer_4: the body to be place in the cofften must be foulded into a sitting posture and the chin resta wen hupon then neigs the position of the momes foundin many abarigial americantums
	layer_6: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restigupon the knes the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin restidupon the knees the position of the mummiyes found in many aboriginal american tombes
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difical to us a perently impossible feet safely accomplished there r placet in the cofenand number of small things toith the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficul to us a parently impossible feet safely occomplished there are placed in the coffinan number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singal eccuption to this  rl about nttl is that smal coper coins may be puten to fee the old hag who gards the bank olfd the riverove deatfh
	layer_4: the singl ecception to this rull about nettle is that small coper cons may be putden to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the riverove death
	layer_6: the single exception to this rulle about mettle is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metatl is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of all the vakon spaces in the cofen ar fildt in with bags of te
	layer_4: last of all the vagn spaces in the coffen ar filledit in with bags of tea
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filledit in with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces ind the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the coiniss in the houson must be watch d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffinis in the housin must be watchedover continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house and must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house ind must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house and must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house and must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is theirdutye to sea thid the an sense brning before the coffiness thennever lauve to go out while the food for the deatis wrere need ot reguler in erls by the morners thmseles
	layer_4: it is their duty to see that the ansense burning before the coftines te never laved to go out while the foot for the deabd is wre newd at regular intervols by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the insense burning before the coffinis t never allowved to go out while the food for the dead is werenewe   regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed a regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: there or few en lightn japany as wheo will to fen the presen sistim hof crulty to the fflectit or ho do not long for some chamge but so great as the forse of concervatis am in thi sregard so honting the feare that any change may an dhe cate a lack of ere spect for the dead that erform ad fances slowly
	layer_4: there are few and lighten japinys who will to fen the present sistem of cruelty to the aflictedt or who do not long for some chage but so greates the force of conservitism in thisregard so haunting the fear that any change may and docae a lack of erespect for the dead that wereform advances slowly
	layer_6: there are few and lightan japanis who will dofend the present system of cruelty to the afflictid or who do not long for some change but so great ers the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few enlightened japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: indevidural instanceas accurin which som of theworst features of these coustioms armot ifiht
	layer_4: individuial instance as occurin which some of the worst features of these custioms ar modifiet
	layer_6: individual instance as occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instanceas occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: accasind point as that of the lahte mister fookhusova a man whois life was to voded to the advancemen of his countrym an ind motern wayse and who en his def contenued his teaching
	layer_4: a caseen point is that of the lahte mister foucas aa aman whose life was devoted to the advancemen of his countryman in modern ways and who in his deth contenued his teaching
	layer_6: a case an point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman in modernways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a casin point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: ind his will he provitted that his body was to be barrid without washing ind the clothing ind which he dide
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be baried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he diede
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: thrugtheis growing feeling and mhe unsulfisiness of ma turnael offection makeoman timed the release from thes mornful sairemones
	layer_4: thruh thers growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternaeleffection make chommon time the releaset from these mournful saremoneies
	layer_6: through thers growing feeling and the unsulfishness of maternal affection maye common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may common time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: jous pefore the persession starts a werdlage as saroa mony as held at the house which as tittended by the friens of th de sast and which as substantiualy the same af that rfrned at the semmatary
	layer_4: just pefore the prcession starkts a erelige assare mony as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the decased and which as substantially the same af that prformed at the semateary
	layer_6: just before the procession starts o relige o ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same if that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the barial great punches of natural flors ar sen to the deat each bunch so largeis to recare the servisesfone man to cariat
	layer_4: on the day of the baril great bunches of natural flowers ar sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recare the services f one man occariot
	layer_6: on the day of the barriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recir the services of one man to carriet
	layer_8: on the day of the buriel great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to reqire the services of one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with hic gif e man a senpt to take part the proesession but if the giverfeiels two por to highr a man this burdaan two fals upon the breved houshld for at i coadt wrequiret that all flowers sent be born two the grave by unform colies who moarch in the fenal tran
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take parnt the proesession but if the giver feel two por to highre a man this burdin too falls upon the brieved household for ati c ad requires that all flowers sent be born two the graved by uniform coolies who moarch in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part inthe prosession but if the giverfeel two por to higher a man this burden two fals upon the berieved household for edicatd requires that all flowers scent be born to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hir a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for edicute requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procsession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another fa ore presoinat this time among bootists is ac cage of living buirds two be born to the grave and wereleastd theire one
	layer_4: another favore presonat this time among boudists is o cage of living birds two be born to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another fabort presednt at this time among bodests is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least there on
	layer_8: another favorite presednt at this time among budhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and wrereleased thereon
	layer_10: another favourite presiden at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon
	layer_12: another favourite president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and released thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seeme s mor like a bridld than a baril
	layer_4: it seem to more like a bridold then a barial
	layer_6: it seems more like a brigdle than a bariel
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: deuring this peri od the spired of the dicistis suppose to be still ind habiting the house and at thab liter shrin as set up in the dea cham bero pefor which food onflowers ar renowd daily
	layer_4: during this period the spirit of the dicasedis supposed to be still in habiting the house and attablither shrin es set up in the death chamber pefore which food and flowers are rened daily
	layer_6: during this period the spirit of the deceased es supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shriness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryineness set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryis set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shryne ess set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of quoursed you must me alane an tao daon am
	layer_4: of couse you must be a lane an sa dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alan ane said diana
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f carse it woud beor a mantet conseeded chan anderis buti know hat i couldn't kep ston
	layer_4: oif course it would beauromantic conceeded chain andries but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_6: of course it would be romantic conceeded chain endries but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceded chaine andrws but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but at so rd diculust o have a read headedeg lan morned an
	layer_4: but it so erd diculus to have a red hedidy lain morned an
	layer_6: but it so rdiculous to have a red headiny lan mor ned ene
	layer_8: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headin e lane mourned nne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headen hy lane mourned nn
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headed hy lane mourned nn

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and a laine was a loi mad
	layer_4: and a lane was a loving mad
	layer_6: and alane was a loving mad
	layer_8: and elane was a lving maid
	layer_10: and ylane was a living maid
	layer_12: and elane was a living maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: your compluction is u susfairas roe bious said di on ar earun tesly and your heres ever soemuch dacer than he eus to be before you cutna
	layer_4: youre complection is jus is fair s roubis said dianar arnesly and your hair s ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_6: youre complexion is just as fair is rubies said diona earnestly and your haire is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it wasplened de fis for chot over the breice and the twew girl's tlhored to ror thmselves about in ta little faht botom doim the surbeary hap foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splended defish for trot over the bridghe and the two girls loared to row themselves about in the little floht bottom doryan mi serbery cep for ductuting
	layer_6: it was splended to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luared to row themselves about in the little flat bottomn dorian misterbary kept for ductuting
	layer_8: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls larred to row themselves about in the little flat bottom doryan mister berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lurred to row themselves about in the little flat bottome dory an misterbarry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lerred to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory a mister barry kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: in was a ndiey ath the jamatisalan
	layer_4: it was ay nd didya tathe damatie a lan
	layer_6: it was andidea tht they drometiz alane
	layer_8: it was an's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_10: it was ann's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_12: it was ann's idea that they dramatize a lane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: there stay she said were sio muh wor remanti  an the presend
	layer_4: theresday she said were so much wore omantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: theres days she said were so much more romantic tan the present
	layer_10: thursedays she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_12: thusedays she said were so much more romantic than the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had oftan gone doawn licke this and thethin couldbe more can venint fore playing alane
	layer_4: they had ofteen gon down lmike this and nethink could be more canveniant for playing alane
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lack shall having meen procarn and spetted over thea flt and then lay down on the bothim with closetd eyese and handsful ded over her bresst
	layer_4: the black shall having been procurn and spetet over the floht and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and handsfulded over her breast
	layer_6: the black shall having been prokcurn anne spettit over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folted over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procurene anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procured anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procured anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the a fact wiecaus is us hundrat of years befor missuson wus borne
	layer_4: it s poiles the avfe fact because is is hundreds of years before missuslan was born
	layer_6: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus land bas born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because ti is hundreds of years before missus lynd was born
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this ais hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this ais hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten yurinsies
	layer_4: chan your rencheus
	layer_6: chan your renties
	layer_8: chan you renches
	layer_10: chan yourrrenches
	layer_12: chain yor renches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it silly frellindto be tacking when histan
	layer_4: it silly foir lang to be talking when he stan
	layer_6: its silly frly neg to be talking when she stand
	layer_8: it's sily furlyan to be talking when she stand
	layer_10: it's silly fuirle and to be talking when she stand
	layer_12: it's silly fuirle and to be talking when she staind

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: janeruste th  cason
	layer_4: jane reustof the a casion
	layer_6: jane rusteof the accasion
	layer_8: jane rost ed the occasion
	layer_10: jane rost o the occasion
	layer_12: jane rost od the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: thet ehind at the landing
	layer_4: the berhind at the landing
	layer_6: le behind it the landing
	layer_8: left behind it the landing
	layer_10: left behind it the landing
	layer_12: left behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: an gave one gasping little scren whuch nobity ever hern she was wit s the lips but she de not lose her selfposession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little screem which nobody ever hurn she was whiteto the lips but she did not lowse herself possession
	layer_6: annd gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hern she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hear she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white o the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chents just one
	layer_4: there is one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and de sut shircomstances you on't think rmun tobout making of flowry pr
	layer_4: and do suc sircumstances you on't think muntabout making of flowery prar
	layer_6: under such shircumstances you on't think much about making a flowry prae
	layer_8: under such circumstances you won't think much about making a flowry prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the fatter todender the bradts and then promply sank on mid stren
	layer_4: the fotter a under the brids and then promply sankin mid streem
	layer_6: the fight jir tod under the brids and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_8: the flight jirted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rebe came and thana al reay a witting it an the lowher head lan saht di sappearbefor ther variys and had no dout pbut that an hand gon dong with it
	layer_4: ruby jame and t ana already a witting it on the lower head land sa te disappear before their varyeyes and had no dout but that anand gone down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and diana already awaitding it on the lower headland saw it disappear before thei vary eyesed and had no doubt but that ane had gone downe with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before thei vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their vary eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: emin t's pass by es siming lican hour to the infortunat lily man
	layer_4: the minutes pass by eis siming likean hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_6: the minutes pass by he seeming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes pass by hes seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily main
	layer_10: the minutes pass by he's seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymain
	layer_12: the minutes pass by he's seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymain

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wby t an somemody come were had the girl's gone
	layer_4: whitin sumebody come where had the girl's gone
	layer_6: whyte in somebody come werehad the girls gone
	layer_8: why didnt somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: how aginationd begindisu jest all man eorf crsom possibilityste her
	layer_4: ho magination begin to s a gest all man oof gusome possibilitys to her
	layer_6: ho magination begin to suggest all mnno of grews and possibilities to her
	layer_8: he imagination begin to suggest all manner of gruws amd possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of gruws and possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination begin to suggest all manner of gruss and possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: ansarly
	layer_4: an sirely
	layer_6: ane surly
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how n ert tor guet up ther hinkg clamd
	layer_4: how on earthe juit up there heink sclamed
	layer_6: how on earth a junet up there heinxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth i junete up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth is junet up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth is junet up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: it a certaily extrinly difvicuot to be dignifind aundor the sircomcanes
	layer_4: it was certainly extrenly difficult to be dignifind undor the circumsances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: what is happen dan
	layer_4: what is happened an
	layer_6: what is happened an
	layer_8: what has happened anne
	layer_10: what has happened anne
	layer_12: what has happened anne

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a 'sgoller taking up osors
	layer_4: as'sgoler taking up isors
	layer_6: asksgilbert taking up hisors
	layer_8: asked gilbert taking up is ours
	layer_10: asked gilbert taking up his oures
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his oars

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we wre pying in lame exxplained and fordtotlhy without even loking ad her brescuo and i had to drift down to came o in the barge aning the faht
	layer_4: we were playing in lan explained and frguly without even looking at her buscuo and i had to drift down to cameot in the barge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing inlan explained annd friduly without even looking at her bruscuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge amming the foght
	layer_8: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge imeang the foght
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the foht
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne frigily without even looking at her brusquro and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the foht

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: foromoman an hesithatim
	layer_4: for a moman and hesitate him
	layer_6: fora moment ann hesitat him
	layer_8: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hart gave a quick qura little be
	layer_4: her heart gave a quick queear little be
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little beak
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick queer little bet
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her resent men which  to other n lder peoble might bes lagf abs its cus was a now wit alayd and soten by time semmnly
	layer_4: her resentmen whichs to other an alder people might bes laugh able as its cause was a no wit alad and sotene by time seeminly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be slauhable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaufable as its cause was a no wit ellayd and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other anolder people might be slaufable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other nolder people might be slafable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldlig i shall nevermye friend with theowu giber blife and i' don' on to be
	layer_4: no she said calledling i shall never me friends with you gilbert blife and i don't want to be
	layer_6: no she said coldlig i shall never me friends with you gilba blife and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never me friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never mbe friends with you gilbert lyfhe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyfe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ari
	layer_4: ol ry
	layer_6: all right
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: i'l nevber ask eu to befrensagain an sarly andi don't carr ether
	layer_4: i'll never ask u to be frends again an charly nd i don't care either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anned surly an i don't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't carre either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of quourset he had and suldedred terbly but stl
	layer_4: of courset he had an salted her terribly but still
	layer_6: of cours he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: ieverything dyou gets me or my tereas frinsintoescay
	layer_4: iverything id you gets me or my tearas friands into scape
	layer_6: everything i dou gets me or my tearas friends into escape
	layer_8: everything i doou get me or my tearest friends into escape
	layer_10: everything i do get me or my deares friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do gets me or my deares friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ans precentiment prowove mor ctruswreothy then precentimense ar ap to da
	layer_4: ands percentiment pro of more trus worthy than percentimen's are apto da
	layer_6: anne's per sentiment proof more trust worthy than per sentiments are aptoder
	layer_8: anne's pr sentiment prove more trustworthy than pr sentiments are apt to de
	layer_10: ann's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to der
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to der

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bll you ever havany sence an grom mor ala
	layer_4: bll you ever have any sence an gromrela
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense anne gro marila
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne grone marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groned marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groned marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i on' sy how said mirla
	layer_4: i don't say how said mirila
	layer_6: i don't se how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't seey how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't see how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: ever somse i came te greingables i'veen makging ma staks and ec e stage hes ep to carme of som greate sort coming
	layer_4: ever sonce i came to gren gables i'vebeen maging istaks and each oi stake haselp to cur me of some great short coming
	layer_6: ever since i came to green gables i'vebeen maging mistakes an each f mistake ha selpd to cur me of srome great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to greengables i've een making mistakes and each mistake has helped o cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helpd to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: banity invexation thof speret
	layer_4: banity invexation thof spr
	layer_6: banity in vexation of spairit
	layer_8: vanidy ind vexation of spirit
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was abrot on the land and meralass soper minae lage step was liter ands pfifter becas of it steep primol gladness
	layer_4: the spring was a broud in the land and mirilous sober middllage step was lighter and swifter because of itsteep prim ol gladness
	layer_6: the spring was a broat in the land and marillus sober middledaged step was ligher and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middleaged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i mess say withthoug her foughts i never faund her disippedian or un rust whored tley before and id reall sarie to finder so now
	layer_4: iam mut say withall her fouhts i never found her disippediant or untrust woared they before and im real sorry o find eur so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her dissoppedient or untrustwordthy before and i'm real sorry to find er so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her fauhts i never found her disoppedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapshere joed in herd towo hasti lyang mherilla
	layer_4: perhapser judgin her two hastileam marila
	layer_6: perhap shur judg ine her too hastili marilla
	layer_8: perhaps you'r judgein her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps sheu're judging her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps she're judging her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the qurse i kne you take her part methyou but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_4: ef qurse i knew you take her part mathyu but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bring yoeur up not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringing youre up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i'm bringing youre up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: domendodn merale anxto sley going over to the bad
	layer_4: demendin rrila anxosly going overto the bad
	layer_6: demenden merilla anxasly going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the ba
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bat

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: an cowrd deeper into her pillas as if tdesirous of hiting herself rever from mortal iyes no
	layer_4: an cowar deepher into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mordal eyes no
	layer_6: annecowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne cowared deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne cowered deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself for ever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get rit op fisminted in tlmme
	layer_4: get rihde a phistmite in tell me
	layer_6: get rit up fismitted in tell me
	layer_8: get righte up this mintut and tell me
	layer_10: get righe up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get rigde up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this minit i say tha no what is it
	layer_4: this minut i say the know what as it
	layer_6: this minute i say thyre no what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say th re not what os it
	layer_10: this minute i say thare no what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say thare no what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade sled to the for indesparig abediens
	layer_4: and had slid to the flor in de sparing obediense
	layer_6: and had slid to the floor in despairing obediens
	layer_8: annd had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: and had slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes its greem modan
	layer_4: yes its greemn mondan
	layer_6: yes it's green mond ane
	layer_8: yes it's green mond anne
	layer_10: yes it's green mond an
	layer_12: yes it's green moned an

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i thout nothing can beas bdhis read hair
	layer_4: i thouhtinothing coun be as bot as red ahair
	layer_6: i thought nothing cul be as bad as red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing coul be as bad as red hair
	layer_10: i tought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: y ov en got nintony scrit for eveor to mant and i was sernother one wastae
	layer_4: y oven got n intony scrate for ever to mint and i was sure nother one wasdar
	layer_6: yu hvent got an int ny scrape for over two mont and i was sure another one was der
	layer_8: you aven't gottin into any scrape for over two monts and i was sure another one was deer
	layer_10: you haven't otten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: you haven't goten into any scrape for ever two months and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what te you dcs hear har
	layer_4: nowthen what dad you du soyour hair
	layer_6: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_8: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what did you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: an shurly tining you know it was wick ad fhing to d
	layer_4: and surly didn'ntn you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and surly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_10: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_12: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i knew was a little wic in ad minted an
	layer_4: yes i knewit was a little wickin ad mided an
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wicked amited anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicked amitted anne
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i know t i fielsike to have your word dat in
	layer_4: i know at itf feels ike to have your worad datden
	layer_6: i know wat it feels like to have your word dated
	layer_8: i know what it feels like to have your worde aded
	layer_10: i know what it feels like to have your words att ed
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words at ed

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: i missus alan says we should neversuspec any ond of not teling as the truth and lest be have prouofort ther not
	layer_4: a missus alen says we should never suspect any oned of not telling us the truth unless be have pruof hatheir not
	layer_6: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that theyr not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that thy're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buti hadnond then and i beleamed every word he said implicietly
	layer_4: but i had end then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you tidin about
	layer_4: who san hor you tgking about
	layer_6: whos sain har you talking about
	layer_8: hosad hoare you talking about
	layer_10: hosan ho are you talking about
	layer_12: hosan who are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh i ednt e leteim in the house
	layer_4: oh i didnt let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: ind a crise i son iself ith beautifor rav and black hair an the timtation mas ar isistibln
	layer_4: in a trise i sawn iself with beautifoure rave en black hair an the timptation mis erisistibl
	layer_6: in a trict i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation mas irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: oor rela whant a tangled wa we weve en fresswe practise to to seye
	layer_4: o or rilla what adtangled we we weve when frests we practis to to ceev
	layer_6: oarilla what ad tangled web we weve when frist we practiced to decseive
	layer_8: oh arilla what ad tangled web we wave wen fiist we practice to deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave win fiist we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave win first we practice to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: youher iust be cut off there is now rther want he kank o iut withat liktion lide thath
	layer_4: you heir must becut off there is now othe wan you kank go out with at lioking lighe tat
	layer_6: you her must be cut off there is no other way you cant go out with a looking like that
	layer_8: you har must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_10: yehare must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: yohare must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a dis mal sie she ment for the susest
	layer_4: with a dismol sighe she went for the cisorsts
	layer_6: with a dismal sigze she went for the cisszers
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but ther wis nothin comefording and having your her coud off becus yo've didt ed at droudful color is the
	layer_4: but there was nothing comeforting and having your hair could off because ho've dited a droudful color is the
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've dieded a dreadful color is ther
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off becaue you've diedid a dreadful color is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've ded it a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful colour is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: i'nd wen to rep all the time yue cutting at oufgh if it on intei fer
	layer_4: i'm went to wreep all the time yor cutting it off if it one iner fear
	layer_6: i'm gen to weep all the time your cutting it off if it one interfear
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time your cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time yure cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: it seeme sa to thradicthing
	layer_4: it seemed that to ctragic thing
	layer_6: it seemeds tha a tratic thing
	layer_8: it seems suh a tratic thing
	layer_10: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seems such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and we then but lather one wen she went up stars an lookst in the glass she was colme mint si spa
	layer_4: and wep then but lather on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm want to spa
	layer_6: ane wept then but lat her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm it to sparn
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wel tyou
	layer_4: yes i well to
	layer_6: yes i will too
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: i d ivey though i was a vain abut my hair of althings but now nowi was and spyt if it s being rad because of as sio long and fhickon caurliy
	layer_4: i never thught i was  vain about my hair of allthings but now i know i was and spite of its being red because it a si long and thick and carlyn
	layer_6: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because if as so long and thick and curley
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: expeck some thing hawm weharppento i nois next
	layer_4: i expects omething howme wiere huapp end to my no s nexd
	layer_6: i expect something howm willhappene to my nows next
	layer_8: i expect something ha will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something ha will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something ha will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clet ted madeis insation an scoln the following menday but to her relefe nobit y ges the reil resanfort not eaven justy pyht who however did not faled to on form an that he lookd like a perfict scarcr
	layer_4: an's clipe tead mae isensation and school n the following menday but to her relief nobeodyo guest the real reason for en not even justy pi who however did not faild to nform an that she lookdlike a perfect scarecro
	layer_6: anne's clippe ted made a sensation an school in the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for int not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_8: annes clipped ead made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped tead made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josy pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it' hard to be toldyou e tho klike a scarf ke scarcro and i one ent to sae thenthing back but id deid it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you looklike a scare kt scarecrow and i onte ad to sace than thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you lookelike a scarethkt scarecrow and i wanted to sasethen thing back but i did it
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you lookd like a scar thkc scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did 't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you looke like a scare ick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you look like a scarekick scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: admake sho feuel very vir uous woen y forgive peoplen dousne
	layer_4: imake he feell very virtuousmwhn you forgive people dosan it
	layer_6: i makes syou feel very virtuous hen you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i meanted evel all my inarges to peing god after this and i shall never tried to be peautiful again
	layer_4: i meante devolt all my inerges to bing good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my inergies to beng good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: tof curs it'spetterd to be get
	layer_4: of curs it's betterd to be goot
	layer_6: of course it's better to be good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doo realy wan to be goodnorla theak you and missus allme ad mistayty and grupd to be a creito you
	layer_4: i do really want to be goodn mrilla the you and missus alim a missdasty and grup to be acretdit to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good n mrilla thake you and missus allim and missdasty and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good marilla lhike you and missus allamn and miss stacty and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacty and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: dion asays when my heare be canstogro to tira black avelvth at ribn around my had wot t ha bot one sit
	layer_4: dianeasays when my hearby ganstogrow to tira black avelthat riben around my had with ha bot one sighte
	layer_6: diona says when my hair beginst to grow to tie a black velvat ribbin around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_8: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i' wll colit as snewd tat soun so ermanticg
	layer_4: i will colt as sned that sound so remantic
	layer_6: i will call it a snewed that sound so remantic
	layer_8: i will call it a sneewd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snoeed that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a sneed that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my had his better now
	layer_4: my head is better now
	layer_6: my head is better know
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: s tearblebythe safternun the
	layer_4: s terrible by the safternoun theu
	layer_6: i ws terrible by this afternoon thou
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon thouh
	layer_10: it was terrible byh this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible bye this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: juk your avenle founded hard i settle down to hum jrum engistanse againg
	layer_4: juniyour avenlyeae foundit hard de settle down t hum druming sistance again
	layer_6: junior avenli found it hard to settle down to hum drummangsistance again
	layer_8: junior avonleave found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after wil oge us to it but im afraied conterd spoil people for everidid life
	layer_4: perhaps after wile algat use to it but im afraid consered spoil people for everyda life
	layer_6: perhaps after awhile i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concertd spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: asuppose at his wim rerilla disappuse of them
	layer_4: as suppose hat is wime rrilla disapprusd of them
	layer_6: i suppose that his wi m erilla disapprufes of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why am marilla disapprofes of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i felldus now that i ma gir up to be sensible yet
	layer_4: i feell jus now that i may grow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i dis lay wake n a mag in the contart over an overiga
	layer_4: i tis lay awake an amagin the consert over an over agan
	layer_6: i toslay awake in imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_8: i justlay awakeand imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i dislay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_12: i dislay awake and imagined the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: iventialy heivrom avenly s choselpped backonto its all grove and tooc up its old interests
	layer_4: eventually hievrem avenly scourse slipped back in to its al groove and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually howeever avenly score slipped back into its olld groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually however avonley scorel slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonlea scorl slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonlea scurl slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nen no the slones wutd have ane deailings wit the bows becas the balshad declared that the slons had twwo muched to do in the progrn and the slones had pretart ed that the beus whe i capable ofdoing tho litdal they had to de proprely
	layer_4: nenother slones would have any dealings with the bows because the balls thad declare that the slones had two much to do in the pregronm and the slones had retoarted that the bels whe nit capable of duing the little they had to do properly
	layer_6: noneother slones would have any dealings with the behs because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progran and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programe and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none other sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the programme and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter weak lit bye
	layer_4: the winter wek slip bym
	layer_6: the winter week slip by
	layer_8: the winter week slipped by
	layer_10: the winter week slipped by
	layer_12: the winter week slipped by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: on ans bret day they ere triping lightely dannit keping eyesan ears a lert and mit all the chatam frmisstaty had told them tha they masoon red accomposition on a winters walk in the woods and it be woved them to be abserment
	layer_4: onan's birath day they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chatem fer mistaty had told them ha they must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be observmant
	layer_6: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly doawn it keeping eyes and ears alert amit all the chatem for mis staty had told them that they must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observment
	layer_8: on ann's birthday they were tripping lightly downnit keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattem for miss staty had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behoved them to be observent
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chatturm for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcy realizet m in mygh tns
	layer_4: i can scarcely realizethat im in my tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realis that i min mytens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize that i m in my teens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it' he create comefrt to think tat i be able ths big words then withoutping laugti
	layer_4: it's a creatk comfort to think that ial be able toe s big words then without being laugheda
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to us big words then without being laughedat
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words than without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: heo be giell s tinks on nothing but bas said and derstame flyg
	layer_4: r be gullus thinks af nothing but bos said anderstame fulling
	layer_6: rube gilles thinks of nothing but bos said and destainfulling
	layer_8: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but boug said anndisdanfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bes said ane disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bous said ane disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: she's actuilly de lighted when ini won rights hernam uvpbin a take nortis for all she pretense to be sair mane
	layer_4: she's actualy delighted woenen inin one rights her nime up in a take notice for all she pretens to be sa man
	layer_6: she'is actually delighted whenenany hone rihtes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_8: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_10: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name upin a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_12: she is actually delighted when anyone writes her name upin a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: am ting to be as muchlikemisusalen as i possiby cin for ithingk shes perfect
	layer_4: i'm thing to be as much like missus alen as i possibly can for i think she 's perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think sheis perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: if i had alas bells crioketsy nows said aned te cudedly i would int but there
	layer_4: if i had alace bell's crookt's nos said and dhe siudedly i woulden't but there
	layer_6: if i had alice bell's crookd nose said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice belle's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: a'd refregtlythink to mud eto but myin knos avere sonce i herd that complemint aboaut it long a go
	layer_4: i'd efrady think to much a bout my nows ife hre sence i heard that complamen about it long ago
	layer_6: i'm afrid i think too much about my nos verer since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: o da an a tok thas ar brabbet
	layer_4: oh diana look there' ar rabit
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: ther so wyt nstill as of theyrower a slep en drening pritty trems
	layer_4: ther so white n still as if they e a sleep in dreeming prety dreams
	layer_6: there so white and still as if they were asleep ind dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i wouded las monda eve ming
	layer_4: i woult ed last monday evening
	layer_6: i roeat last monday evening
	layer_8: i wrote at last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: it's calt the jellus rivble or in deah not doviten
	layer_4: it's callht the jealus rivle or indeath not dividen
	layer_6: it's callt the jealous rival or in death not divited
	layer_8: its callt the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: it's call it the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: it's call t the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i reti tim ariler and she shaid it was stuf in nonsens
	layer_4: i redi tomarilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it a sad sweet story
	layer_4: its a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordelier was a regle bern nat withe cornet of mid nighte hair and dusly fashing es
	layer_4: cordalia was a regle br nhet with a cornet of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyese
	layer_6: cordelia was a regal brnet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal burnette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal brunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal bunett with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: heu nost e much more tan yo ded when youwer only toufh
	layer_4: u knost te much more than you did when you ere only tw alth
	layer_6: you know st ow much more than you did when you are only tale
	layer_8: you know sow much more than you did when you are only twelve
	layer_10: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they gre inbeautie sihd by sid antill they ersix teen
	layer_4: they grew in beautiy side by side andtill they were sicteem
	layer_6: they grew and beautys sihe by side until they were sixteen
	layer_8: they grew ind beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beautys side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beautys side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i haskt rebe gillus ofsheneanything abut hom menperepose bec ase it thought shed likedly ben ta thordty on the subjict having so many sister's marrit
	layer_4: i asked re by gillus if shinuanything about hom men berpose bec aus i thought she likely bing tauthority on the subject having so many sister's married
	layer_6: i aske reby gillus if she knew anything about how men bropose because i thought she likely ben authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i askd freby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she likely be n authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked reby gillis if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she'd likely be in authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked reby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be in authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she pretended to be jarlidians friandthe same is ver
	layer_4: but she pretended to be jaildience friand the same is ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jeldiants friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be aidiant's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jaldiant's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jaildiant's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let'so yui me have a story club olron and right storieus frer practis
	layer_4: let'st youind me have a story club oloron and right storious fre practice
	layer_6: let's you an me have a story club allaron and right stories for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club oll r own and wite stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club oll our own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club oll our own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: youot to cut vat your mangination you kno mistasys say se
	layer_4: you aght to cught vit your a magination you know mistacy says sel
	layer_6: you ught to cult vate your imagination you know mistasy says sol
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know mis tassy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stasy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stasy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: onley eu musticke the raght we
	layer_4: onlyn me must take the right were
	layer_6: only eu must take the rightwar
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this wass how the story clad cimeintuancsistance
	layer_4: this was how the story clib came into existance
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: no boyce were a loudinet otheug rubi gulucs a pind that ther admision would make et mork siding an each member head tofprtes one story o meke
	layer_4: no boys wer alowd in it aetheyg rouby gulous apind that their admission would make it moreke siting and each member head toprtucs one story obeak
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it ale though ruby gilus a pine that their admission would make it more k siting an each member had to produce one story a weak
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillius ap pine that their admission would make it more execiting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis a pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: eit girl asd te reather story ut lod and then me t halk et over
	layer_4: each girl hesd to read her story outlowd and then me talk it over
	layer_6: each girl has to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then me talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then me talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: mi nas rosamond mondt more sery ial the grelstye prety bout
	layer_4: minis rosemond mont moresery a'l the girlsy pretty bout
	layer_6: mineis rosamond montmorsery all the girl se pretty bout
	layer_8: mine is rosamond montmorcery all the girl see pretty wow
	layer_10: mine is rosamand montemorcery all the girls see pretty well
	layer_12: mine is rosamond montemorcery all the girls see pretty well

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: ad sur that must hove ae hols in thofh fat
	layer_4: i'm sure that must have a holseom te tactd
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holeseom effect
	layer_8: i am sure that must have a wholesome efect
	layer_10: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_12: i am sure that must have a wholesome effect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morwas the great hing mistrallan seyso
	layer_4: the morwas the great thing misterelansay so
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister ellan sayd so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: i rad ene o my storise to hem in missusalline and theye bothgry that the morl us excllent
	layer_4: i read one of my stories to him ind missus alin and they both egree that the moral wus eccellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: gen and rube almust always criomon i comto the pa fhetic prts
	layer_4: jen an rby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic pars
	layer_6: jan and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_10: jane and reuby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and reuby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: miss juss if in bry brout back that she hd never ret anything so atmusing in her life
	layer_4: miss jes of hen bary brote back that she ad never red anything so amusing in her life
	layer_6: miss jessiphin burry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss josephine berry wrotke back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss josephine baerry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss josephine berry brote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm sure missusalaeme was nevrisu ta silly forgetful little girl as you a
	layer_4: i am sure missssalan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i am sure missusz allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i am sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i am sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so on curge fen my herd that
	layer_4: i felt so incurge wenly heard tht
	layer_6: i felt so encouraged bhen ly heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus lens has she oys fil shocke w en to hears of anyone ever having beedn nody yu mutter house ma ther wer
	layer_4: missus linds as she oys fill shocked owhento hears of any one ever having beedn notey yu mutter housema ther were
	layer_6: missus lynds says she alwys filt shocked winto hears of any one ever having been nahtty you'r matter housemal they were
	layer_8: missus lynd ays she alwys fellet shocked whente hears of any one ever having been naugty your matter how e small they were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naugty your matter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty your matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i won' here fel dhat way
	layer_4: now i windn' here fel thoat way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelix nacers de gen le letlydig man of the whal had justprod teboyse o frome sed rvil to itxlace toy had journieed rom y tarker on dte  ig leare aftrno in bo running u cal yu rolik
	layer_4: pelexs nacus de gende leartlydy man of the hall had just prod the boys op from chedrevel to iplace ty had jouneed from e taka on dhe raglare after noon bod ronning up cre you rallic
	layer_6: pelecsnuckers the geneal lkleady man of the hol had just broat the boys up from chedrervill to wich place they had jouneed from etake on the regler afternoon boadt running up cualic
	layer_8: pelek snackers the general liclidyman of the whole had just brought the boys up from ciderville to ith place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caugalic
	layer_10: pellek snackers the general loflidy man of the wholle had just brought the boys up from chidrerville to itch place they had journeyed from itaka on the reglar afternoon boat running up caugalic
	layer_12: pellek snackers the general liaflidy man of the whole had just brought the boys up from cidrerville to ith place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boat running up caugalic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: lhe thet awas had gome fret getison lady calbi and severelothers ofted old scholch homs
	layer_4: ti ted ovars had come fred getisen laddy calve and severalothers of ted old schooldge hums
	layer_6: ik thidrovelrs had come fred gatizon laddy colvy and several others of ter old schoolghums
	layer_8: lic derdovers had come fred gaison laddi colvy and several others of the old schoolums
	layer_10: victo rovers had come fred gaddison laddi colvy and several others of the old school chums
	layer_12: victorovers had come fred gaddison laddi colvy and several others of the old school chums

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ih howdoy dao wiss u ston
	layer_4: i howd y dilom wis te stong
	layer_6: oh howd y dil  misster strong
	layer_8: oh how do you dol mister strong
	layer_10: oh how do yeu dol mister strong
	layer_12: oh how do yeu dol mister strong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hed an to mede tho had teeter
	layer_4: and heha t an to mede the had teeter
	layer_6: and hehd an to me the head ticha
	layer_8: and he d an to met the heticor
	layer_10: and hed anto met the hertito
	layer_12: and hed an to me the hertito

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: thel  tommis i hope you have left all dyour frans the hined osot jod stong
	layer_4: whelthomise i hope you have left all your prans behind bso jot stonk
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your prancs behind absore gord stonk
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left alld your frangks behind aobserved georg stong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george stonk
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george stong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloi
	layer_4: hollowelac
	layer_6: holloelec
	layer_8: holloelak
	layer_10: holowelec
	layer_12: hollowelec

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ie ga iteen founs and
	layer_4: ave gan iteenfouncs and
	layer_6: ha've gaine fifteen poundcs and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i hve gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: yooll tevd mbe go sa yo as stikon tincs and my hand holed pope
	layer_4: you' led me go say you esticken tlinse and my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'l let me go say you istick and plinse in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you'r asticken prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you're a staken prince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you're a staken prince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned a stoml ran off toing o a sof brol tiny tack as he did so
	layer_4: he mond astom ran off toing of a eev re pliny taks as he did si
	layer_6: he mouned as stome ran off towing a va sevelu tiny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he mund as stom ran off toawing ova severlu tiny taxs as he did so
	layer_10: he mouned as tom ran off towing away severa tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_12: he mouned as tom ran off towing away severa tiny tacks as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: si yoa tcon ba havyou
	layer_4: so your cem back have you
	layer_6: soa you've come back have you
	layer_8: so you have come back have you
	layer_10: so you have come back have you
	layer_12: so you have come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: absered missuscren astom stopped ad the kitt n dor
	layer_4: observed missuscrean as starm stopped id the kitindhor
	layer_6: observed missuscreen a torm stopped at the kithen door
	layer_8: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kiten door
	layer_10: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus screen a storm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: ask tome and thet his fa sro
	layer_4: askd thom and thent his fas fel
	layer_6: asked tom and then his faced felle
	layer_8: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_10: asd tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: ask tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dure you ol listit put me don as  therst woy in theschoo men i i do my baty bes and almost sobingd tompwur de sface ouf agaansicout sleve
	layer_4: odar you anl whes tid put me down as verst oy in the schoold men i i do my beat he best and almost soubbing tom pet tis face of agaistecotsleve
	layer_6: o dear you always did put me down as the tirst boy in the school men i i do my bety best and almost sobbing tom put his face of againsta coartsleave
	layer_8: oh dear yo always did put me down as the virst boy in the school when i i do my berry best and almost sobbinged tom put his face of against the coat's leave
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my berry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat leave
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my berry best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat sleave

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missuscleein was thary tene tor hearte and spuite of or some wa freet on an she was al sempate ian medyitly
	layer_4: missus creen was tha e tend er hearted in spite offerr somewhat freet hung and she was all sympaty in medyetly
	layer_6: missus grean was verletender hearted in spite offher somewhat free tunge and she was all sympaty inmediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tonge and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of he somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: da the s halm i dan' mened to har yoa feelinggs hi said soingle
	layer_4: ta ther as ham i don't me to hear yu feelings he said sulingly
	layer_6: tdare theres harm i dn't mean to her your feelings he said shoutingly
	layer_8: dre thers harm i dn't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: dere hes harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: dere thers harm i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i d a known su tom
	layer_4: i i do known sop tom
	layer_6: i i not know sob tom
	layer_8: i i no know sobed tom
	layer_10: i i not know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i not know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sid down and have api lesa god boy
	layer_4: come sid down and have a pi tla's a good boy
	layer_6: come it done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_8: comesi done and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come o don and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come so don and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: a starly like home he moberd presently
	layer_4: e scrarly liked home he momed presently
	layer_6: i scarely like home he murbured presently
	layer_8: i scarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_10: i scarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_12: i scarely liked home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missuscreen hen youw di lhe ap to at ec and offlybemonoment a weal yoa grade
	layer_4: missus green where new dy ly ok to adac an offly bicg mondoment a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when you die ley oked to adac an ofly big mornument or will your grave
	layer_8: missus green when you die lay op to ada an owfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_10: missus green when you die lay off to edak an owfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_12: missus green when you die lay off to edak an awfully big monument or will your grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: hont foas hetrubl tome thansunton
	layer_4: wont foas her trouble tom than sumesiin
	layer_6: what forse ha trouble tom te zumption
	layer_8: wat fse her trouble tom consumption
	layer_10: what ase her trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what ors her trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet with tit all she cuouldhin helt whut like the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it alls sheculden help wmat like the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it alls she coulrdin help but like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: anto theing thestorme surspegain
	layer_4: andto thingk testerm ses begin
	layer_6: end to think thestermsies begin
	layer_8: and to think this termsus begin
	layer_10: and to think this term s began
	layer_12: and to think this terms us began

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he  of dhes po with his stridh man deanear handcoatif
	layer_4: and he mopd hisbpo with his stred man denner handcutif
	layer_6: and he moped dispo with his stred bendanna handkotief
	layer_8: and he moed his bow with his stred bandanna handkerchief
	layer_10: and he mopbed his bow with his stread bandena handkerchief
	layer_12: and he mopbed his bow with his stread bandana handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what kine of jolk es et musted a wa
	layer_4: what crain of teok as that musted a wa
	layer_6: what cind of cok is that master dova
	layer_8: what kind of toak is that master ov
	layer_10: what kind of joke is that master ober
	layer_12: what kind of joke is that master obir

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: oht s no to je gr han som
	layer_4: ouhts not to jo ar handsome
	layer_6: oght's not the joke our handsome
	layer_8: ought's no a joke you'r handsome
	layer_10: auht's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: auht's not a joke you'are handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: hawve you got a camiter to be sh haiadto tis
	layer_4: have you got accamirar to be sh head atis
	layer_6: have you got a camera to be shu hedatis
	layer_8: have you got tacamera to be sure hede tis
	layer_10: have you got a cameda to be sure hedetis
	layer_12: have you got a caneda to be sure heedetis

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam do at inly boks from his pockege
	layer_4: sam do atiny boks from hispocket
	layer_6: same do ar tiny box from his pockete
	layer_8: sam du artiny box from his pockete
	layer_10: sam du atiny box from his pocket
	layer_12: sam du atiny box from his pocket

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: to stan sti and ot hake isnatsholp
	layer_4: ho stan still and art ake e snatshot
	layer_6: tnogh stand still and out take a snahalt
	layer_8: nog stand still and o'w take a snap shald
	layer_10: thor stand still and i' take a snapshet
	layer_12: thor stand still and i' take a snapshelt

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: to s tan of stat and lef appy
	layer_4: tho stan of stat and leok happy
	layer_6: non stand of state and lookd happy
	layer_8: non stand up strait and look happy
	layer_10: non stand up straiht and look happy
	layer_12: non stand up strait and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: grid sam is th crou lct ed at ond
	layer_4: qrit sam is he col lected ar ond
	layer_6: crie sam eis a cow coleced aurownd
	layer_8: cried sam is a couw colected aroned
	layer_10: cried sam as a cout collected arond
	layer_12: cried sam a's a cout collected arond

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: atheays yout i hand to i abrest tes is al staemn do
	layer_4: tays your i hand to yeoarbrest tes this alld statesman do
	layer_6: dais your ik hand to eoare breast just tis old statesmen do
	layer_8: ris your ight hand to eur breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_10: raise your right hand to be our breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_12: raise your right hand to eour breast just as old statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: nol rad a minit and the i s ol befineses
	layer_4: no raite minit and the fits of ill befinuse
	layer_6: no grata minute and the fits of ill be finised
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fits ir will be finiced
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fits will be finished
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fits will be finished

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no tius a knoew atinted fosece
	layer_4: no thisis a knew patinted frosses
	layer_6: no this is a newpatented proses
	layer_8: no this is a new patinted froces
	layer_10: no this is a new patinted froces
	layer_12: no this is a new patinted froces

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: sam to uas gwirt of theten from the bos
	layer_4: sam to us grard of the ten from the bovs
	layer_6: sam duw usguared of the tin from the boxs
	layer_8: sam dew usguare of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam de u square of the tint from the box
	layer_12: sam dew u square of the tint from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don see in y fithur gro snegers thooking e to s werve blangtly
	layer_4: idon'tsee in yffitcur gron snoggers looking at to sqare glanly
	layer_6: i don't see aniffitture groan snuggers looking at the square glankly
	layer_8: i don't see any fitture growne snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any ficture growned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any fitture groawned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i s e lete fersiat
	layer_4: i selito fresiet
	layer_6: i se little fresh iet
	layer_8: i's a little freh yet
	layer_10: i's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: it's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: who bis gi a al own set u a shog
	layer_4: we bys gatat aon set up a shog
	layer_6: wit bys gadded alouned set up a shug
	layer_8: the boys gatdered around set up a shog
	layer_10: thith boys gathered around set up a shof
	layer_12: thith boys gathered around set up a shof

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: sam loer i git's cr see fi tont
	layer_4: sam aer i gits quar see ietd don't
	layer_6: sam lover i'l getsquare see f i don't
	layer_8: sam loer i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: sam lover i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: sam lover i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: te mende tain isendlye asinled af goold pikhir
	layer_4: te mene taminesently i snlad of cood pixsure
	layer_6: remanded time inicently isnlad of cood picture
	layer_8: remanded sam inocently isn't id of cood picture
	layer_10: demanded sam innocently isn't it of good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently isn't it of good picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: solme afs fele donky
	layer_4: so me afet frly don kei
	layer_6: su me oft flly donqui
	layer_8: sumi of hili donkei
	layer_10: sumiosd phili donki
	layer_12: sumiased philidon ki

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a don ke os helic idid nothing of to tind
	layer_4: a don key ot helic i did nothing of the find
	layer_6: adonkey ob heloc i did nothing of the fined
	layer_8: a donkey od helock i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old helock i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old hellock i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it' a don'ks hed ausay
	layer_4: it a donkys head ar say
	layer_6: it' a donkey's head i say
	layer_8: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_12: it's a donkey's head i say

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa syo or piec tr
	layer_4: and i say syourpictar
	layer_6: and i says your pictur
	layer_8: and i sayts youre picture
	layer_10: and i say it's your picture
	layer_12: and i say it's your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i knowa donese head when ni seet runse awe
	layer_4: i guss i kno donkis head whetn i sead rasdterd ower
	layer_6: iguss i know doky's head when i seet ras edover
	layer_8: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rasded over
	layer_10: i guss i know a donkey's head when i see it rased it over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rasped it over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: halick te a some te stake ur
	layer_4: haloc thee a somthe stake her
	layer_6: haloc thare ta sum m stake here
	layer_8: halack theie are some mistake here
	layer_10: hallac there are some mistake here
	layer_12: hallac there re some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: ol you fine yil't meeno mor
	layer_4: a you find joke me no more
	layer_6: oh you cind joke me no more
	layer_8: oh you kind joke me no more
	layer_10: oh you kind joke me no more
	layer_12: oh you kind joke me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: an night bhen bus i slivping thepincs had oat mak wedem
	layer_4: on night when post we sleeping the princ had a mark beldreem
	layer_6: one night whent both wes sleeping the prince had ad markable gream
	layer_8: one night when both werh sleeping the prince had aemarkable dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: the ar ust ento the tom ad di their crised tou hers and firgeting all deir flm e pricossoncs lefte dooos open so ther the gats ou sige herring theclaer ainturd and sot openc
	layer_4: the arused into the oon adit their cris two hers and firgeting all thei form o precortions lefthe doors open so that the garts ouside hearing the clammer anterd and soloprance
	layer_6: they rushed into the room added their cries to herst and furgeting all their formerf precautions left the doors opene so that the guarts outside hearing the clamer entered and sotoprince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgeting all their form erf precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clambour enterd and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their formerf precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour enterd and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destraced to her family and shill soon se hert rhuspent inpaed on a stake
	layer_4: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her huspent impaild on astake
	layer_6: she is a disgrace to her family and sheall soon see her husband empaled on as take
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impealed on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: then et his fore had disigrd by a ferfr froum he contin ued to a buseaprinc and haing tied his hands behind him daced him frome theom
	layer_4: then ment his four had isfigurd by aferful from he continued to apus te prince and havingtied his hands behind him taked him from the doom
	layer_6: thenwents his fore had disfigred by a fearful from he continued to appuse te prince and having tied his hands behind him tagked him from the room
	layer_8: then with his forehad disfigured by a fearful from he continued to apuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagked him from the room
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him taked him from the room
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him taked him from the room

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teeded thus liesome wil reast toty shakeng and netlected nagof a hana wold havesof er graty had he nock eemtrotected by the magy trolt given to him in potallar and wich he had c om tived to conseem in his heart
	layer_4: tredid thus like some wil beast roly shaken and neclectored rg f a hona would havesof er greatly had he not beein trotacted by the magi two givento him in partala and which he had contribved to concil in his her
	layer_6: treated thus like some wilde peast roly shakene and neclected rage of ahano would have sofer greatly hartd he not ben trotected by the magict uwel gven to him in partala and which he had contribed to conceal in his har
	layer_8: treaded thus like some wild peast broufly shaken ad necglected rage ofvahana would have suffered greatly had h not been protected by the magic twelth given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast broughly shaken and neglected ragifvahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twelth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast broughly shaken and neglected rargivahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic twealth given to him in partalla and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fancing therfor with a lagh arwe he prepet to be sech somepor thekcapitelcitre
	layer_4: advancing theirefor with a large are we he proped to be seegch shumpa the capitaleciry
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large army he propad to be sec shumpa the caprital city
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besee champar the capital city
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besege champa the capital city
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: a terible battl an sud in whits pot kings we formnt pradth gese o aller
	layer_4: and herible battle andsiud in which pot kings were fomet prod h jes of valla
	layer_6: unheible battle endsuied in which bortkings were formed prode jes of vella
	layer_8: unhearrible battle ensued in which bot kings were formed prodgies of valo
	layer_10: a terrible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodigis of valor
	layer_12: a terribled battle ensued in which port kings were formed prodigis of valor

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shouod thet be any pity foa the vilate tr al to hadem
	layer_4: so that be any pity for the vyolateto of the hadm
	layer_6: sould thert be any pity for the violater of the hadom
	layer_8: sould theret be any pity for the violator of the hadem
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hadam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: af the old kging my farder now in his stil tace was follitono to faver th cromano for the sake of hheswirdtlestarter you had none of his pumision an ot notk to haf wen infeinsfpy him
	layer_4: at the ald king my father now in his stotate was fulithonogh to faver the crominal for the sake of his wortlestorter you had no ne of his pomishion and ougt not to have een infeles py him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the cryminal for the sake of his wortles s taughter you had no need of his formission and ought not to have been influence by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his towtage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his towtage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: lit that lie s tagusire wein medity purtolet by tatr and is pat am or be shele op and pisen te licome
	layer_4: let that wie tha gusere we immedity purto tet by taghtur and his faremore be shal up and pryson the li come
	layer_6: let that wile the duserd we immediately pu to that by tater and is faramo be shull up and prison thi i come
	layer_8: let that wile the duser be immediately put to tat by tortur and his paramo be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_10: let that wile se duser be immediately put to deat by torture and his paramou be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that while ceduser be immediately put to deat by torture and his paramou be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: havrerdy also of fers a tiint suit bl a wiped which i se a ont meditly ofr the veding who alwuta may ar me an mash a gans teanery and as e sit out i ewe make dheelli ent camel de life out of tuct cromie
	layer_4: have ready also of fers aleento suitabl aquipe mhich ei sh l wont immeditely affter the velring who aleteak my ar me in mach aganns the enemy and as i sed out i wil make the elifentd tampl delife ouet of thuact crimil
	layer_6: have ready also of fierce alephant uitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who olbertake my are me in march against the eney and as i set out i will make the elepent trample delife out of that crimil
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitabl equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who over take my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample dhe life out of that creminal
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall want immediately after the welling who overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: thet hastoo derd go le arading deth with snol semed in evitabl he serly felt his feedt free and apbeautiful lady af peared befor him
	layer_4: whut hasto third game ly aading det with naw seemed in evitable he sely velt his feed free and a peautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_6: while he sto there calmely araing death withsnow seemed inevitable he sorinly felt his feetd free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmly awating death which nowl seemed inevitable he sudenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awating death which snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awating death which snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she hum lebong down sait let my lared barden has sevant fotin jury which she has and gonsious we caus
	layer_4: she humly bong dwn sai let my lad parden hesservant for the enjury which she has and conciousle cast
	layer_6: she humbly bon down said let my lord parden her servent for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly bone down sat let my lord pardon hers servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly boned downseit let my lord pardon her servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humbly boned downset let my lord pardon hes servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am an afts bon from ars of the mon
	layer_4: i am an abtirs bon from teras of the moon
	layer_6: i am an abstirs born from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absiouce borne from the rays of the moon
	layer_10: i am an absolous borne from the rays of the moon
	layer_12: i am an absolous borne from the rays of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: mun day as i wa sflin to ote art werting all bwie ress a son e staking we fort a lo teslartea cackre
	layer_4: onday as i was sflin to u the eard arding of wittress aswon istakin we or a lotoslarde tack me
	layer_6: onday as i was fline torgoh the aird bearing o vhitetress a swon istaken we for a loturs ladertack me
	layer_8: oneday as i was fling through the air baring a whitedress a swan mistakeng me for a loters ladt attacked me
	layer_10: one day as i was flying through the air baring a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotes lat attacked me
	layer_12: mone day as i was flying through the air baring a white dress a swan mistaking me for a loteslat attacked me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: ind his angar he gars me sang o weck at von for thes afence you atn dem to be chainsed int o pece of and congious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saing o wikedvone for this affence you arton demnpt to be chainsed into apieace of ancongius mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he cursed me saying o wekedon for this offense you aretondeme to be changed into opieace of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he kursed me saying o wecked one for this offense you art coneme to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wecked one for this offense you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying o wecked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: nthe change too plathonmeditly and i foled to the gound tn ant wil so a chaine
	layer_4: the change too las meditly and i fel to the ground tn ant wia siachain
	layer_6: the change too place mediately and i fell to the grount turn and wa siverchan
	layer_8: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn and wa silver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his ey he sawthef sid ler fretl be sendit to the gown tike tid up and contineitd his fighte
	layer_4: on his vay he sawthe sidvar fretod bet sendit to the ground pikdid up and continu etd his fight
	layer_6: on his way he saw the cilver frettled bessendid to the ground picked itd up and continue it his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver frettl descend id to the ground picked it up and continuet his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettle descended to the ground picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettle descended to the ground picked it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: leslad of tentir ad mire he aring tisceame otor the pades and picktly ounting thealifent who hade down his tonk tho to seive him lacedchime sel behind t fince
	layer_4: lheslae of tentreward mar hering thiscame ort eo e parles and pwicklymounting the alifent who hel down his tonk wo the eive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: the slad of tendraardma hearing this came oueo te palas and quickly mounting the elephent who hel down his dronk tro deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_8: the s laite of tendreardma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his strunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: the slate of tendrearmir hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: the slate of tendroarmar hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to deceive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: geag olsteder s o e stonershmend enjy of an dathicicnae y chota thepins exclaming isit olsible
	layer_4: ged for sthedrah o a stonsmentd anjyof han deayto cocnate cholor te fins exlaiming is it possible
	layer_6: gade vor sedriatalastonisment and joy hand dei ta cicnatd ech otlor depfens exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gade forcanrtal astonishment enjoy and d de cognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: grade fols anrital astonishment end joy and da ecognized each other defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: grad vols anriital astonishment enjoyand da recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is agreally you mydear frien ope hardofwutma who havedon the steed
	layer_4: is a greally you miht tearfrien apahard ofwarma who have ton the steed
	layer_6: is i greally you myt dear friend upp a hard ovarma who have tone the steed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apa hard of erma who have done thi steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apahardof arma who have done this steed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apahardof arma who have done this steed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: twodes teiffos theird wa and flying with gool er fact the hair pans laced on the erifendt for te us of tender admar
	layer_4: two dhese thei fos theirdvay and plying with goold har fexts he ve pen splaced on the etipend for the us of tendervrdma
	layer_6: two these theyaforsed theirdway implying with good affects the vaapensplaced on the elephent for the use of cendeverma
	layer_8: two these the afforced their way implying with good effects the veapons placed on the elephant for the use of cendrverma
	layer_10: to these they forced their way implying with good effects the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of cendrverman
	layer_12: to these they forced their vay implying with good effects the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of zendroverman

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: whe fot haveevar the had gonfar nhe heard the nice offattle at at jistance and saw the sodisan fronh them scatered in aol daruetionce
	layer_4: wbefort havever the had gonefa the heard the noice of pattle at ad distance and saw the sol dis and fronf them scattered in all daructians
	layer_6: before however they had gone far hey heard the noise of battle at at dustance and saw the soldiers and frontof them scatered in all diructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at adistance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me have jest nol and comntered and ucttly tefeted the eneme so thak tet as nal fer of any for ltit asistance
	layer_4: me have just now and comtered and utly defeeted the enyme so that tet as nofir of any for te  a sistance
	layer_6: we have just now and comntered and uterly defated the enemy so that there is no fear of any forthe rassistance
	layer_8: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further rassistance
	layer_10: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further ressistance
	layer_12: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad oi ta o har eea to thes
	layer_4: ad ie de i har greet to this
	layer_6: and i dibi ha greek to this
	layer_8: nd i de vi hargreek to this
	layer_10: and i devire hear grek to this
	layer_12: and i devire hear grek to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: otof cutiosity he hung one of them osid his house
	layer_4: ort ogf curiosity he hung one of them on side his house
	layer_6: ot of curiosity he hung one of them ouside his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in caces of sco einsting the mut amtisand men rof up paitan blouses be uman milk or juse offte mil cethtlaent you ford bear ti hocally an af liy them to the fats
	layer_4: incases of scot wenstin thoe muramedisen men rop up  patent plowses whe human milk or juce off themill hadh flant you fort piar to ru cale and afli them to the fats
	layer_6: in cases of scort bein stingct thou maramedicene men rub up patent plouses with human milk or juse of the milk hadg fland u fougt piare terucally and afly them to the fats
	layer_8: in cases of scort ey instinkt though mara medicen men drube up patent plauses with human milk or juise of the milk hedg plant ufourt pia trucali and affly them to the parts
	layer_10: in cases of scortpiinstinct tho mora medicine men drub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milk hatge plant ufort pr thrucali and apply them to the parts
	layer_12: in cases of scortpiinstinct tho mora medicine men rub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milk haghe plant ufort pir thrucalli and apply them to the parts

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: then the umbelical guard afh a foned bei be selos of aspideet as bind in the fie and its ases oplace in tecopen a sho mexhs we caster oil and ap liede by meaans of a follds sfeter to the navl
	layer_4: when the umbellicale guard of ar corned bebs los off aspiedhad as boned in the fire and its asshes upplaced in e copenis shall mux at castr oil and aplied by means of a fouls feather to the navl
	layer_6: when the umbilical gard of a corned pabes lows off aspided as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copen it shell mex wat castr oil and applied by means of a fowuls feather to the nevl
	layer_8: when the unbolical gard of a comned pabies lows of a spidered as burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coponi shell mexdwad castr oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather touh the navl
	layer_10: when the umbolical gard of a cured babies lows of a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconis shell mixd wet castrer oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather through the nava
	layer_12: when the ambolical gard of a curned babies lows of a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a coconis shell mixtwit castrer oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather through the naval

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: thithencol the ted mand py his name an eagelyvat tolts somemen sac citrl ondheclt
	layer_4: nhi then calld the dead man by his name an eagerly vait tils some en sexcedttl on the clot
	layer_6: ty then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insec settle on the cloth
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait tills some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then call the dead man by his name an eagerly wait tills some insect settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledves descried ass sing oug offes eise
	layer_4: bled was described as osing out of ecs eyes
	layer_6: bled was described as ozing out of is eyes
	layer_8: blood was described as ozing out of his eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: make the pasion su the mlke af deprasst arfrt vromen whosebavby is more than at dase old
	layer_4: make the pasion sut the milke of deprasst offar wroman who sebaby is more than eigt dais ald
	layer_6: make the pasien suck the milk off depressed ofar woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the patiente suck the milk off depressed or a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patient suck the milk off depressed or f a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient suck the milk off depressed orf a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can boie old him off agash in thistet t war seid to haue teso th an from eanding anoftes anilds goked vit soejacfrold
	layer_4: his cam poyt aled him of acase in his tet o was sed to haves te sulten from eanding on ougf thes anuals coked wit sobjackfrut
	layer_6: his cam poitold him of a case in which tead was said to have thesulten from eanting one of these anuals cooked wit subjackfrut
	layer_8: his camp point told him of a case in which tead was said to have resultengt from eanting one of these animals cooked with subjack fruit
	layer_10: his scampoy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these animals cooked with subjack fruit
	layer_12: his campoy told him of a case in which death was said to have resultant from eating one of these anumals cooked with subjacked fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: a fou ars ago ascared batews inconetion with thenansect withs we sat to havetakannup it's avword in importer jelman las bangls whis tomplet fwit deiandeegiinusendustiof nee gasa aband ge makers nean sectwes toporter to li lorn theban gle teliarspurters when it wold camart and ni debearove after woding her to geckt here afirse in ader wefa sacombing
	layer_4: a few years ago ascared atewas in connection with than ensect wich was set to have taken up it's aard in imporder coman glas pangles which tcomplet fwith deendeginus n dustyof dee garsi aban gil makers deeansect was to porded to li lorn the bangl telit pwaspurters when it would com out and nip the bero after waring her to get her affarse in oder wit fas sacombing
	layer_6: a few years ago a scared aawas in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abard in imported chormen glass bangles which complet with the indeginous nd dustry off dee gazla bangle makers he insect was report ed to li law on the pangle til it wers purchas when it would come out and knipped the bere after warning her to get her affairs in oder weth war a cumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago a scared arraus in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an important german class pangles which complete with the indegenous ndustry of the gazola bangle makers the insect was reported to lie law on the pangle till it was purchas when it would come out and nipp the bearerd after warding her to get her affairs in order weh was saccumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago are scared arrous in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and important german glass pangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gasola bangl makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order which war succumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago are scared arrous in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord and important german class pangles which complete with the indigenious industry of the gasola bangle makers the insect was reported to lie law on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warding her to get her affairs in order which wa uccumbeing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his vody was lonk andslender heard and ad jil his sighte ken his a mon eting
	layer_4: his vody was lonk an slender hard and ajile his sight keen his am on erring
	layer_6: his vody was lonk and slender hard in a jile his sight ken his aime un erring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard and egial his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_10: his body was longk and slender hard and egile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_12: his body was lonk and slender hard and egiale his sight keen his aim unerring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montosh aur gr hin gan the had gonor shoting lere thesom of tnedechy wih ah ew sporting companiins
	layer_4: in the montof algrahen canthe had gone ort shoting he a thesmomp ofnidety whith a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algrain cante had gone out shooting nea theswamp of nedii with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahean cantiy had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidii with a fuw sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahian candi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrahaian candi had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une mording as tuntdey was sitered in his bort lening af faor cgun he sad an ly stated at wat he tirtd was s tecry if wy do looking of he saw oelas maid ancomeingto the wates age wit do wi dokling sclas to hae purust
	layer_4: un monding ascanty wa satered in hispoart claning a favred cun he sald enly stated at what he tart was ecry if wi doc looking ufh he saw ovelae mal en coming to the wates edge with to whit tocking sclas to herprest
	layer_6: one morning as canty was seatred in his port cleaning a favourid cun he selinly started at what he thart was the cry if vie toc looking upf he saw a vilas maildin coming to the water's edge with two white tocklingsclassed to helr presst
	layer_8: one morning as canty was seated in his port cleaning a favourie gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of awile dack looking up he saw a billas mailon coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clas to her presst
	layer_10: one morning as scanty was seated in his boart cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a vile duck looking up he saw a villait's mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings glassed to her prest
	layer_12: one morning as scanty was seated in his boart cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a vhile duck looking up he saw a villat's mailen coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clasped to her presset

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: nhe gol wut the birds into te water and watcs therm anciousmy
	layer_4: te glle put the birds into the watter and wat's them manxiously
	layer_6: he girl put the birds into the water and was them aniously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and was them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and wasedthem anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and wased them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking rond cant ty saw one of his men pinding and an lorded gun ad dedocs
	layer_4: looking round candt the saw one ot his men poinding and unloded gun ad the doxs
	layer_6: looking round canti saw one of his men poining and unloaded cun at the doks
	layer_8: looking round kanty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_10: looking round kranti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round kranti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: can tim en don tlaning his gon
	layer_4: canty men don claning his gun
	layer_6: canty went own cleaning his gun
	layer_8: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: kanty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: afterkan ty had eaten an tronk the bram an bect himto int duse himself gan ty gave his o n name his fathers name and head tes o is hoe and thensaeid in usal bey if i cand beofenhy sa a sir i shall kin mesol foutnit
	layer_4: after kanty had eaten andtrunk the bramin pect him to intc duce himself cati gave his on name his father's name and thy a tes of ics home and then said in usual bay if i can be of eny sevisir i shall kin mysl fartinate
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramin pecked him to intoduce himself can'ty gave his own name his father's name and yet dis ofpf is home and then said in t usual bay if i can be of any servic ser i shall kein my sel fortunate
	layer_8: after kaunty had eaten and trunk the brammin peggked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and ye this of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall ginm myself fortunate
	layer_10: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramman pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tis of ise home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall gan myself fortunate
	layer_12: after canty had eaten and drunk the bramman pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tis of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall gan myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: so sin con tidy beterd his selu and whet pac
	layer_4: sosing contiry peert his selut and went pack
	layer_6: so sying contiry peated his salute and went pack
	layer_8: so sying canti repeted his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying cante repeted his salute and went pack
	layer_12: so saying cante repeted his salute and went pack

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le prick bod mantion of the m os om tas had bean botod for the baniyg selmilmy thihs was sfacedforth next mak as tan di did not fwishd to delay
	layer_4: to prect blt mantion of the mosom hars had bean borod fort th verning sermony which was fexed forth next mark as canty did not fwishd to telay
	layer_6: the crickbilt mantion of the mosom hars had been boowed for the belning serminy which was fexed for the next mark as cuntly did not wish to delay
	layer_8: the crickbult mention of the mosumhars had been borrowed for the welling cermony which was fexed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crick bilt mention of the mosumlas had been borrowed for the welling ceremony which was fixed for the next mark ascantly did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bilt mention of the mosumlas had been borrowed for the welling ceremony which was fixed for the next mark ascantly did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: in u ime tobra gromart id on his aleffent with droms and muwsi  and withtha partla porsestion and the sede man thy begain
	layer_4: in deu time the pra gromorived on his elephent with troms and music and whith a partlay prosession and the sereman y began
	layer_6: in du time the prik grum errived on his elepent with dtroms and music and with parts lay procession in the syrumany began
	layer_8: in due time the prife groom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with partslai procession nd the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partslave procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pridegroom arrived on his elephant with droms and music and with a partslave procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: n thatd pash fl don guast face could on whet derealing clr anr and bedhect woult sandle past he could screly ricognise te brleate mad n ofhisfancy and in thefolnasoff rsamotion on must o seemd to beclowd his ycse
	layer_4: in that pash ful don gast face could on with develling caeanar and bedact with sandle pased he could scarcely ecognie tho bela te mae noff his fency and in the fullnans off is  mortion amist seemed to be cloued his eyse
	layer_6: in that pashful down gased face curon with te velling coronair and bedackt with sandale pacte he could scarcely lecognized the bellage made en off is fancy and in the fuliness of his emotion a mist seemed to be clowued his eyes
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face cron with dhe wvailing coronair and beddacked with sandal pacte he could scarcely recognize the billage maiden off hits fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful downghast face crowned with the vrailing coronaire enbedacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellage maden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seeme to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful downghast face crowned with the vailing coronaire enbeddacked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellage maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: delid ot the lam eemed to co them and darness tutnish the face of the praied herself
	layer_4: the liht of the lamp seeme tho cod them and darkness to tanish the face of the prid herself
	layer_6: dhelight of the lamb seemed to crotd them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: delight of the lamps seemed to cloa them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to cloath them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to cloath them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a firset he folt anglyveit tes fathern l dheold scon gre had shon him one gorl and mared him doan oter
	layer_4: at first he felt anglevwith this fathern la the old scon rrl had shon him bone girl and maried him doanother
	layer_6: afirst he felt angly with his fathern law the old scondrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his fatheri law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: gle was u pone olored the grd he had seene thefo
	layer_4: glows upon it follored the giord he had seen befor
	layer_6: clos upon it followed the gord he had seen before
	layer_8: clos upon it followed the gord he had seen before
	layer_10: close upon it followed the gd he had seen before
	layer_12: close upon it followed the gid he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: ol the mad grl crlihd ta wonman as thy mide sins to hear o le you tod om
	layer_4: o the mad gurl crit tho boman as they made sins to her to ly eae te d on
	layer_6: oh the mad girl griete the woman as they made scigns to her to leave the om
	layer_8: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the room

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: ili tl manm int r ron wgan to titer
	layer_4: il ev a memnin the  roon began totiter
	layer_6: all ere a men in the room began to titta
	layer_8: all if ermen in the room began to titter
	layer_10: all the wemen in the room began to titter
	layer_12: all the wemen in the room began to titter

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: te in leasing lafperv in te  onm betolk and an a musing jok
	layer_4: the inleasing laughedter in the doom betoken han omusing jok
	layer_6: the incleasing laugheder in the room be takene an a musing joke
	layer_8: the incleasing laughter in the room be talkn han amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room betalk ned an amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be talkened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with he si of in denctleth as of e scae on telamity he looked on smorn into the face of hisbridt
	layer_4: with the sirof intensleaf as of escaedron gelamidy he looed on emore into the face of hisprid
	layer_6: with he sih of intense lef as of escaed on helamedy he looked ones moren into the face of hispride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escate on alamery he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escape from galamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense leaf as of escape from alamity he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the foun hat tacen this mornlyng mal and now ly crld up on tha bed o mass
	layer_4: the fon had taken this morliyn meal and now lay curled up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fon had taken this morin meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fawn had taken this mornling meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fawn had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: when nemver ther fon cot up he was quit con taned to friesk about
	layer_4: rhenever the fon cutap he was quite conten to friesk about
	layer_6: renever the fon cut up he was quite conten to frisk about
	layer_8: whenever the fawn cut up he was quite contend to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever the fawn cut up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever the fawn cut up he was quite content to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the tenge was sarted now it was kner
	layer_4: the dinge was cirte now it was ner
	layer_6: the danger was certed now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the hows has truck a trail wher she turned and the faorn was safh
	layer_4: the hous hadstruck a trill where she turned and the form wars safe
	layer_6: the houls had struck a trill where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_8: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_10: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_12: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ilne wast rowing the ad the had a gon in his hand hat should she do
	layer_4: hone wust roing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one wast roing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tiart laks couuldt not propaild the tient vordy reapiat tyng
	layer_4: her tirt lakes could not prepal the tiet vody repily
	layer_6: her tiret lakes could not propele the tiet bordy repedly
	layer_8: her tiret lakes could not prepal the tiat bourdi rapidly
	layer_10: her tirt lakes could not propale the tyant bordi rapidly
	layer_12: her tiret lakes could not prepale the tyant bourdi rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the gol sawl the boat naring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the doe saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the momet more the bot was on her and the man at theors hat ledover and cut her
	layer_4: in the moment more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leaned over and cut her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tor mentat my tirs but had astaed from drenking for manydayse according to te doftoers oders
	layer_4: i was tormented by thirst but had bstad from drinking for many d ays according to the dufcters olders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had ebstaned from drinking for many days according to the doctor's oders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that od men ace to give so much anoions yeet sometims he appear to me indremes
	layer_4: that old men sese to give so much anoyancs yet sometimes he appear to me indreams
	layer_6: that old man sees to give so much annoyons yet sometimes the appear to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man ces to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cees to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: flle ca even them oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_4: file ch ike iven them oderos not to spe to me of this
	layer_6: fillych i given them orderous not to speak to me of this
	layer_8: pillich i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: pilych i given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: philych i given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this mat hat stolen fro mee certain lirol sings of somim portens and in ha fe ben betactet she would have  ben very lad iv i hat did
	layer_4: this mad had stolen from me certaint liral sings of som importence and in her fe o being de tacted she would have been very glad iv i had died
	layer_6: this made had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would havebeen very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accordyngne se arlout men twics to tick as much as i couod of the water so the igood arness i swllowet mor then a flask fol i thin coblert myself and begern to swet and elln to a dd sit
	layer_4: according ly she alout man twise to take as much as i could of the water so the ingood earness i swallowed more then a flask foll i than coveret myself and began to swet and fellin to a de sirep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowt mean twise to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deeb seep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the sa that my poour fre as on the point of folling to the ground sograve to wrs hee to hearis
	layer_4: the sa that my poor framas on the point of falling to the ground sogravedto was he to hear this
	layer_6: they say that my poor frame was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor frend was on the point of falling to the ground so graved was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so griaved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewert s he tooken agleacstae and begaan to bep te serving gir with all his mihd shalting out a tratress you have pkildimg for me thean
	layer_4: after wrts he tookin ugleasetath and began to beat te servin girl with all his minht shaulting out ah tratres you have killd im for men then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an uglas daite and began to beat the serving girl with all his mignt shouting out ah tratrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an uglysstate and began to beat the serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah traitrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitorous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man ded have saved my life so led mea heling hend for i have sweted and bequinck a boud it
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have swettedt and bequick aboud it
	layer_6: she mayn did have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweatted and be quick about it
	layer_8: she maynded have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she may indeed have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may indeid have saved my life so led me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: filyche recovetispirets drit a mate necomftable and i beenconcies ove grea inprofment im my setau begen to rectenon recovery
	layer_4: fillecha recovert hi spirats drid and mate ne comfortable and i been conscious of a great improfment i my etae began to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filiata recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my stade began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: filicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: filicha recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i bein conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: filicha recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: cus teid the e the dopcter ber nourdeyno put in hisappearans who et the be giring of my iners had refsed to blepme
	layer_4: jus than the ethe doctor bernardino put in his appearance who had the bigitting of my illners had refused to blede me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the bigitning of my ilners had refused to bleead me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystro ferenchesco that mos able mane excleand oh powr of thecher
	layer_4: mystroferen chescoes that most able man excleed oh phower of nhyncure
	layer_6: my estrofron cheiscos that most able man exclaed oh power of nature
	layer_8: mystra froncherscowes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: maestra front cherscoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: mayestra front chiescoes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nose what shiequieus and the pisicions no nothig
	layer_4: she knose what she requiurs and the physitions kno nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicians kno nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: thas sibuotod mystrwber nand na mat ansos san if he hat drumcalnothe batal he would hav been ckd upon the spot
	layer_4: thas siboten my strber nardeno made unse sane if he had drun annother bott he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_6: the simboton mysrbernadino made unser sayng if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: the siboton mes rober nardino made ansersaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_10: the simpulton mastrobernardino made answersayng if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: the simbulton mastrobernardino made answersaying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: afterts he turd to me and asi icould ha drunk morwater
	layer_4: after wds he turned to me and asivi could have drunk more water
	layer_6: afterwards he turned to me and ase ifvi could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i ansert no becousi had antarey quanced my thirst
	layer_4: i answered no because i had antarely quinched my tirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely qcuenched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: itn lite menner she was askingfulr what she wantit whet the pol yag men ta dou to bled hi
	layer_4: in likhe mener she was askingfor wat she wantet with the poo ya man thad du to bled hi
	layer_6: in ligkht manner she was askin for what she wanted weth the poor younm men tead du to blead him
	layer_8: in ligke manner she was asking for what she wanted where the poor young man bad du to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man baed deue to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bare dieue to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: i vyoeud nea tatis  recovry dopedet uporn his dreenking to fhlasks of hater why gintk you not saso befor
	layer_4: if you near tat his recovery depeded upon his drinking two flasks of water why det you not say so before
	layer_6: if you nears that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why dit you not say so before
	layer_8: if you neears that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knears that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didn' you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knear that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didn' you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might then have bosted of this cer
	layer_4: you might then have bosted onf this cir
	layer_6: you might then have boasted on his cir
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his kel
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his kel
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his keel

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this wors the rech it ouhit  sociy dupoadit and mevla sholtis fase age
	layer_4: at this wors the rechi wuite so cullydeportit and never shoult is face agane
	layer_6: at this words the retche wuhite socilly departed and never showled his face again
	layer_8: at thes words the wretched wuhite sulkirly departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched wuhite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the vereve ning i was akenwith grat precotions in the char well rept up and protact et from the cold
	layer_4: the verevening i was aken with grat precautions in te char well repet up and protectede from the cold
	layer_6: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well reppet up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wreped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrept up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrept up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not p r mitin any oreularicties forslo ha tes kapt thistin in nother dies oder now would be thedeath of h
	layer_4: do not prmittimg and iy iragularities for thog heas iscape this time an nother dis oder now would be the death of him
	layer_6: do not permiting andy iregularities for thogh he ars escaped this time innother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: thety td to me and set my ban vento be pruden commete no exesses and he you ae quit wrecovert i bagu to mate me o ma dano with heou on hand and i wel always pa my devochus toit for you sak
	layer_4: that he tournd to me and sad my ben velno to be prudend commet no excesses and wen you are quarte wecovert i bagou to mae me afmadano with your own hand and i we'll always pay my devotiu to it for your sake
	layer_6: thent he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudened commit no eccesses and when you are quite recovered i bag you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commite no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me o madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i mae my mynd up and pretar to trevle
	layer_4: so i made my mynd up and prepart to trevel
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepari to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and preparei to travel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepare it to travel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepare it to travel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that day many frienc kape to seeamy amon othes piar lobde whos the best adeares frend i eve had
	layer_4: that day many frends kape to seemi among othes pere laddy who was the beset a dearust frend i ever had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere ladi who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends campe to see me among others piere laly who was the best ad dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre ladli who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre laly who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mix tay they came maserson neclo tha mon ter ugoutoe who as alsa a very greate forain af mi
	layer_4: naxttay they came acersan nikalow to montey aguto who was aso a very grat fren of mine
	layer_6: next day the came a sertan nikolo damonte aguta who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_8: next day there came a certain nicola damonter aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a certain niccola da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte agutto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harburd havne in ro and provid et fur his cossts while he hat turned my whol house u sate down for the manwas subjret to as spechies of dryscavd wheich he was always in the habit ofes corechyn with is hea
	layer_4: i had harbid hive in rom and providedt for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsit down for the man was subject to a spechies of dryte sca which he was always in the habit of scratching with his han
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsihte down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the hebit of scratching with his hands
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: men wol that able fisition fronchesscod themon tervitky atendet to mycel with great sklll
	layer_4: manwile that able pysition fron chescod the mon teiviki attended to miy cur with great scil
	layer_6: manwhile that able physician fronchesco tha mon tervirki attended to my ci with great skill
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician francesco da montervarki attended to mykil with great skil
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician franchesco de montevarqi attended to micil with great skill
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician franchesco de mon tevarci attended to micill with great skill

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: ther the sidat met to wate untis e duk wedtds by
	layer_4: there they sidetd me to waite until the duke wend b
	layer_6: there they sit it mea to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sit at met to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sit at met to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sit at meat to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: many of my friens at cor cam oup to greeat me and expressd suprice that i had unde gon the eincomeveniance of beng carit in that wa whill so shetet by ilnes thi sad that i ought to ervf waytok tol li was well and thento eve visideid the dou
	layer_4: many of my frendse at courd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had under gone the inconvenionce of bein carrit in that way while so shet ad by ilness the said that i ought to have waited to lie was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_6: many of my friends at courtd came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergon the inconveniance of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness the said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the due
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expresed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shettered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this worts my strugos tekno te yuktalea met is wae through all those gentmen and sad it tats all you wan to know you shall nowit at this verymomet
	layer_4: at this worts my str agostenow ve duetaila mat is waie through allthose gen tman and said it that's all you wane to know you shall kno it at this verymom et
	layer_6: at this words mysroago sdno tedukes tela mite is way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at thes words misragostino the duke's taylo mad his wayghs through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words mastragostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words maystroagostino the duke's taylor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jorjos t a paneter whol my have mensiond happenet jus ten to pass and m surooglastenow eexclead teris te manl a cuse you now you knowyuseltive it betre o not
	layer_4: georgeos a painter who my have mensioned happened jesten to pass and mi rowaugosteno exclaed veris tomanl accuse you now you know yorsel ive it be true o not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pas and mi trouwhagostino exclaimbed ver i sto manwol accused you now you know yoursel if it be true or not
	layer_8: georgios a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and may roug agostino exclaimed tereis ta man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_10: georgio's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myes through agustino exclaimed there is a man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_12: georgo's a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myes through agustino exclaimed there is a man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as ise has i culd not ben agble to levtf my set i as joje iyfv it was true that he hat a kus t me
	layer_4: as eisde as i could not been able to lieave my seetd i asked gogio if it was true that he had acused to me
	layer_6: as fesily as i could not ben able to leave my set i asked jeoljo if it was true that he had accused t me
	layer_8: as fiercily as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geolgjo if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fiercey as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked golgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fiercey as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked golgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: she teinint that it was so and that he hat eve said avything of the sort
	layer_4: he dinigned that it was so and that he had eve said anything of the sord
	layer_6: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sword
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my strew o ta stenol retart et you galloes pird
	layer_4: my row a gusteeno retourted you gallowsbird
	layer_6: my trouwagustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_8: mitro agustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_10: marou agustino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: marou agustino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don she kno that i know itfor most sirten
	layer_4: don't heu know that i know it for most sertin
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jor jol made off as quecklyas he coul rehpeding that he hat not acust me
	layer_4: jorgo made off as quickly as he could repeding that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georjo made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then ast  short wile the duk kae by whereupo ni hat myself raset up befol his exelad sey antd he holtic
	layer_4: then after  short wile the duke kame by wereuporn i had myself raisedt up before his axcilandsy and he holtid
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke dasedt at me and mavot i wastl alie afteawerts heu ba me tak heed to bean honest men and regag my hels
	layer_4: the duke dasedt at me and mavot i was stel alife afterwerdts hebate me take head to be an honus man and regade my hels
	layer_6: the duke gazed at me and marvot i wal still alife afterwards he bae me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my hels
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvoled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my healls
	layer_10: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my heallt
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regained my heall

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i rache  hom necollod taumon ta goto came to visitme an told me that i had excat one of the mos dreat ful parials in the worl quite cotrery to all hys expec tations for he hat se my run riten with imdelliabo enk now i must make hase to get well and afterais tack frenctlief becaurs myjaprdy cabe from a qorder and a man whowas able to distroy my
	layer_4: when i reached home neicolo tomon tay agruto came to visitmny and told me that i had excape one of the most dritfull parials it the worolw quite caughtrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin ritten with indealible ink now i must make hase to get well and afterwits take frenchliyf because my japidy cave from a quarter and a man who was able to distroy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nikolo damonteaguta came to visit me and told me that i had excaped one of the most drihful perils in the worrlw quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin written with indellable ink now i must make haste to get well and after war is take frenchlyf because my jepidy came from a quarter and a man who wasable to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nikolo damontea gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreabful periols in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take frenchlef because my jappoty came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccolo dabontea guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my jappady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccolo damontea gruto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japady came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i an si that i hat do nothin to displeshynm but that he hadt injurt me and toltym all y of fairabou the mint
	layer_4: i ansed that i had dod nothing to displeace him but that he had injrd me and toldame all the affairbu the mint
	layer_6: i answer that i had dod nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repedit get hadis quecktlly as you can and be of goold corrce for you vill seo veges exicuded sonhea tan you wexpect
	layer_4: he repeatid get heasas queckly as you can and be of good courage for you vel see of vangons executed soonar then you axpact
	layer_6: he repeated get heans as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see o vengeoncs executded sooner than you expect
	layer_8: he repeated get hens as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see oof vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hents as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see or vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get hets as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see or vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes attecien to my hes ta peartral pagilol at vice abou stabping the coins and the wentof upor my way to ro without sayn a word to the duke ul any bodyls
	layer_4: i the besst attencion to my hels gave pertro pagalo at vice abou stamping the coine and the went of upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke a any bodhe ells
	layer_6: i the best attention to my hells gave piere tro pagulo at vice about stamping the coins and the went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke o anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my hells gave pitro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody ellse
	layer_10: i the best attention to my hels gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hells gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want themto i mor tolie that for roshoes tirent
	layer_4: you want them to emore tlise dit for rocious tirant
	layer_6: you want them to emortilized et fer rocious tyrant
	layer_8: you want them to immortalize thet ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you havd nemer mae anything soex wesit which provsu o wa im veatereitfo and thead di vod at fred and yet the polpe a e have head i tice i min to han you wihthou anmyfalt of yos
	layer_4: you have nemear made anything so exquisit which provesyou irl inveteret fo and the devodat frend and yet the pope and he have had it twise i mind to handk you without any fault of yorse
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquisit which proves you i will inveterate fol and their devodet friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you i will inveterate fol and their devotede friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ill inveterate fol and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ill inveterate fol and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was frmlybeleaet that dok oulesietie was the sun alf pope plamen
	layer_4: it was firmly bletd that duke alesiddrl was the sun of pope plamen
	layer_6: it was firmly believed that duke alisadedro was the sun of pope clamoned
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alisaddro was the son of pope clamon
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alissandro was the son of pope clamenth
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alissandro was the son of pope clamenth

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: meserfren chescol usd oso to say and swere by all he santh that ivf e cod he woul have roped me of the dys for that medewe
	layer_4: messer frenchescal used oso to say and swere by all hi sent that if he could he would have ropped me of the diese for that meadow
	layer_6: meser franchesco used also to say and sweare by all his saints that if he could he would have ropbbped me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: mesor franchesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_10: messer franchisco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow
	layer_12: messer francisco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dyes for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i rasbonder that h hat don welld to tel myso and that i wouldh tixcuch care of them that he shoult nemvlese them more
	layer_4: i responded that he had done welld to tell me so and that i would tax such care of them that he should nevuse them more
	layer_6: i respornded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i thow sento lowrancs to requece loren enong that he wiouldt ar me the revers of the meadle
	layer_4: i now sent to florence to requese loren snon that he would sad me the revers of the mado
	layer_6: i dow sent to flowrence to request loren scinon that he would send me the reverse of the madow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lurensinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request larencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request laurencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicoll aod thamonta goto to whom i hat retoe rot bak sayng that he hat spocoen to that mad malef colly thor lo sufer lored enort forit he hat replihth he was tinking nit a day of nothing eluse and that he woult inishit as soon as e was able
	layer_4: nicolowd ta montar gouto to whom i had reton rought back saying that he had spoken to that mad mallovcoly thula soffer lored see not for it he had replieda he was tinking night ad day of nothing ouse and that he would finishit as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nikolo damonter guta to whom i had reitened rote back saying that he had spoken to that mad maloncoly philosoper lored se kno for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was abl
	layer_8: nickolor damonter guto to whom i had wreiten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenc note for it he had replied that he was thinking night a day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: niccolo da monter guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorencinote for it he had replied that he was thinking night ad day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: nicolo d'a monter guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorencinote for it he had replied that he was thinking night ad day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: neve thelis i was not to sat my hopes upon his revers but i had better imvend one out of my oln head and when i hadt finisht it i might breingit wiehhou  heasitatien to the duke for this would be to my i vantach
	layer_4: never theles i was not to sat my hopes upon his revers but i had better invend one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hasitation to the duke for this would be to my avantage
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compost the deine ofterevers which ceeme to me appropiet andpresse the word folwet to my best ability
	layer_4: i composet the deigne of a reverse which seebe to me appropet andpressed the wort folwet to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropiate andpressed the workd forward to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which seem to me appropiate am pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begso as he was a felltow of much heumer we yust afflr to lagf together ubout the grea creadat he hat gam
	layer_4: this beg so as he was a fellow of much femar we usd offeed to laugh together uabout the great credat he had game
	layer_6: this being so as he was a fellow of much fumar wee used offed to laugh together about the great credat he had gaine
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offer to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therefordis mounted at os got my foling pes ready and at a very logrange broght to ovfe them down wih a si gol ball
	layer_4: i therefor dis mounted at ons got my fouling pease rady and at a very long range brought to of them down with a sigo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at ons got my fouling peasce rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a singl ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling pieace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and neve a yuse to sud ish mo tan one boll and was usuly able to hat my mark at to hundrecubits which canot be don by othe wayse of lodyg
	layer_4: id never use to shd with male then one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hundre cubits which cannot be done by othe ways of loding
	layer_6: i never used to shood with more than one ball and was usually able to hat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livetet my fort and tlhet the marte ranout thead when i had mountedt we make hased for rom
	layer_4: i livet at my fot and let the water runout then when i had mounted we make haste for rom
	layer_6: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make hazte for rome
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after oner two inaffectualtencs frolnsy turd ferfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after wone or two in affectual attencs froudsy tured ferfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or two in effectual attents frounsi tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents prosie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts pronsie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: a triy and she lat o quika n nomta now
	layer_4: i'll try and she laid a quick in a o me now
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quick hain an onemi now
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick hanan ome now
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick hanin onma now
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hann onma now

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spoghts buranonercheks and her pald li liesnpt
	layer_4: two red spots burnd on her cheeks and her paled low ie snaed
	layer_6: two red spots burn on her cheeks and her pale blu eyes snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burnt on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: wiyme sri herd it raginof the don
	layer_4: whi'me stur i heard at raging ot than down
	layer_6: why'm sure i heard it ranging up ten down
	layer_8: whi'm sure i heard it ranging up and down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't won an y ditner said charlat daing nack
	layer_4: i don't wan any dinner said sharlet dring mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlet drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlott drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlotedrawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlottedrawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindeed sa pollycerily justes finm his com be
	layer_4: yes indeed sa policarly just as finis can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly charily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cherrily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a shurdly said old mister kaig with great satesfaction ind pollys pleasur and at her successe ing dryng sharlat houtd
	layer_4: asuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind poly's pleasure and at her success ind doyng sharlet hout
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success endroying sharlet out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success enjowying charlote out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success enjrawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success enjrawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and aftered this the ere no more quiet days for sharlat choutteton
	layer_4: and after this there would no more quiet days for shar lete choutiton
	layer_6: and after this there would no more quiet days for sharlete chouterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlote chouterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chouterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chouterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: ohblust mead t you frondy in pleased to prie
	layer_4: oh bust me a t oyou frondie in pleaced to price
	layer_6: oh blet me at o phranzie inpleased surprise
	layer_8: oh bless me it oo phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's yo phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's yo phronsie in pleased surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yeskrant pa said frongdsy coming an and chutting that tor carfuly i came om purpoe to seeou all along
	layer_4: yesgrat pa said frondsy coming in and shudting that or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yesgran papa said fhroniy coming ind and shuding that or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister king hiely gro t if ied npuishing awa his riding table he held out os han
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king highly grotif id im pushing away his riting table he held out has hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riting table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: ho kno grand fupa cried fronsy an arapthre ai could never be to biake foa that su she perched up as of old onisnig thand she fulded her hands n loced gravely in his face
	layer_4: o kno grand papa cried frondsy in araptere i could never be do big for that so she perched up as of old on hisney than she folded her hands ad looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: oh no grand papa cried phronzi in  rapture i could never be doo big for that so she perched up as of old on his kne then she folded her hands an looked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: well my dear wat is it
	layer_4: well my deare what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as the l gon ofman presently youvf come tor tell me somethin isuppose
	layer_4: ase the old jen am oan presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: asedthe old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yescran pepat i have said frondsy desitodly and it is most important twow gred b upop ant ao i do wish its so wuch and she claster hans titer ind side
	layer_4: yes grand papat i have said frondsy decidedly and it is most important two grad bepoc ad oh i do wish it so much and she clased her hands titer and side
	layer_6: yes grand papa i have said fhronsiy decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she classed her hands tighter in side
	layer_8: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too granpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too granpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter inside

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well an froudsie f you want it i supposit must be said mister king quit is i matte of course
	layer_4: well then frodsy if you wantet i suppose it must be said mister king quite os a matte of course
	layer_6: well then frondzy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phronsiy if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: o she lift you er thing she had rondly a cup ile of milians or so itis wy
	layer_4: oh she lefet you heverthing she had fronsy i couple of millians ore so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everythink she had fronsy a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had vhronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharlat pore repeted the ol juntlemen
	layer_4: sharlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlote por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlote pourt repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: hy knon not exactly her father is ant riceh but shar lat i think be dow very well especialy as i inten to keeper hear for awhile and then ni shall tever let her suffrt froncs y never indeet
	layer_4: hy knon not exactly her father is an rich but sharlet i think by do very well especially as i intend to keep her hearfor a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronsy never indeet
	layer_6: why known not exactly her father isn't rich but scharled i think may o very well especially as i intend to keep her heare for a while and then i shall never let her suffer fronshy never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlottei think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronziy never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer pronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grafr said frouncy as n't mis us chaditaan at to sharlet
	layer_4: grad befa said fronciy wasn't missus chatteton ant to sharlet
	layer_6: grad befa said fhronziy wasn't missus chatterton aunt to sharlott
	layer_8: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chattr tin was ant to shorerf it persistod frongdsy slovly it seemns is if shamlat ougt to have som of the moiy it realy das gran pupa
	layer_4: if missus chatterton was ant to sharlet persist ed fronsy slowly it seems as if shalet ought to have some of the money it really does granpupa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt to sharlet persisted fhronsy slowely it seems as if sharled ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlote ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charloteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charloteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: maybe said the ol jen emhom with ae shortlaue and i shouldn't wnder of cousin unas wes sory over afew other things toot froncy
	layer_4: mayby said the old gentemanwith a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cus a unas was sory over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unus was sorry over a few other things too fhronzi
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: whatd nit ma e hervery glyad if i da sholit some of tha mony
	layer_4: would n it make her very glad if i give shal lete some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if igive shalat some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave sharle et some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for anser mister king setdtredownhaseily on t for und too two wreth ree turns u pen down the room
	layer_4: for answer mister king seter down hastily on the flor and took two wer three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: whi do so wish i migh she aid thers so much for  little grllike me
	layer_4: i hy do so wish i might she said ther so much for a little girl ike me
	layer_6: oh hy do so wish i might she said there' so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it iul be so nice to have sharltet have some with me stil no answer
	layer_4: it would be so knized to have sharelat havf some with me still no answer
	layer_6: it would be so nize to have sharlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlot have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was riting a not to missus fargo said vronsy puting upr lips frakasse
	layer_4: i was riting a note to missus fargo said fronsy putting up phrelips forikiss
	layer_6: i was writing a note to missus fargo said vronzie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was wriding a note to missus fargo said vhronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: shure as i cun be fronsy said ol mister king smily ghod by dear
	layer_4: sure is i can be fronzi said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be fronzie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smili good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smily good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: thered thart mysis tr spi shall never say that but comein coment
	layer_4: theyred thert mysisto spoishall never say that but come int coment
	layer_6: the re ther mysister spoy hall never say that but come incommet
	layer_8: the are there my sisters poy shall never say that but come incamment
	layer_10: they re there my sister's boy shall never say that but come incoment
	layer_12: theyre there my sister's boy shell never say that but come incoment

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be youngracious the young manthlryhimselft endt wichear
	layer_4: not to beyoungratious the young manthregw umself int wich heir
	layer_6: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself intowhich hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ich hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into hich air
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into hi chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: on hang nt angl wi einto lot mne a long
	layer_4: oh hang it angle whikein you let me alone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle why an't yoe let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_10: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_12: oh hangit uncle why can't you let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder interpollited pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpollated pickering
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did oncl said pickring youv don everything thit's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickering yo've done everything that's good
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for hav en sate pikerin cridt as uncale duarting imd fron of the chere in its russttlessokbut don't say that a gain
	layer_4: for hav en sate pickering cried his uncle darting in frion of the chaire and its restlessocupet don't say that again
	layer_6: for haven sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupet don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupat don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v ben alasy dagol my life an a good for not but i hopovd not sumnc to tha
	layer_4: i've been a azsy dog o my life an a good for not but i hope of not some to that
	layer_6: i've been a lazy dog onl my life and a good for not but i hope of not some to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nout but i hope ive not sump to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumped to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sumped to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels were brining and peopl on they av nw going by ti servis turned curious inquiring looks uf the the greagt haus and thenm went on tlkin int the reaston avent which huld so strangealy endered into and made history in the city
	layer_4: the church vells were wringing and people on the avenaw going bi to servist turned churious inquiring looks up that the great house and then went on talking of the reson ovents which had so strangely endered into and made history in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned churious inquiring looks up tat the great house and then went on talking otf the recen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and aldu his inpassion oppel the s morning there was anot o sadmens under uk and stern condimation bhat made many of the members paile with self accusation or withinwred anger
	layer_4: and alltfhrougw his impassiond appeald tis morning there was a noto sadness and rbiuke and sterne condimation bhat made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with in wead anger
	layer_6: and all throuwgh his impassion appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and sterned condemmation that made many of the member's pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemmation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: ramen head boted to continnou for i nother year the sllon
	layer_4: ramond head boted to continou for another year the silon
	layer_6: raymon had boated to continue for another year the salon
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_10: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymond had boted to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristions of vram and sted conden by the risult
	layer_4: the chrisions of rame on sted condemnd by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raimon stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the facten ramend forears the saolun rult
	layer_4: for that had bee the fact in ramond for gyearse the saoloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymond for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: hresit nt marh tat ther his usual i reck tanceom ferrm wright selfh compid im maring all gon his head bout upon his brest the greate tears rolling down his cheeks unmainful ofd the fackt that never bhefore head e shown outoared amotion in apublioc servise
	layer_4: presidant marsh that there his usual irect handsome firm wright self compidint bering all go his head bout upon his breasd the great tears roling down his cheeks unmineful of the fact that nevered before head he shown outwar omotion in a public servise
	layer_6: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self comfident bearing all gon his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindfull of the fact that never before had he shown outwardemotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun t to as jesus whort hve down mlong ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do was jesas woad have dn long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: when had the firs thurce eel led do suchabatd his im of tears
	layer_4: when had the first heurch eeldte to such a bapet hism of to ers
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a bape ism of t ears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of t ears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hat become f ats regguler precice conventional order of servie undisctered by any vol ger amotion and unmooved by any folisheccitmen
	layer_4: what hid become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisterved by any volgr amotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_6: what hit become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on their serfhisfelingcs that they had almost forgot in the deper wells of li
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfasfeelings that they had almost forgottene the deeer wells of lie
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface fhelings that they had almost forgotten the deepber wells of life
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meading was tender et gload with the speir its pesence it was a live wats stong and lasting rasolve to be gin a war on the wiscy power ind ramento that would break at s rain for ever
	layer_4: the meding was tender it glowed with the spirits preasente it was a live was stong and lasting res olve to begin a war on the whisky power and rament that would brak it's rained for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowd with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power an raymont that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in rayment that would break its raeign for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rein for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power in raiment that would break its rein for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: since the first sun tey hen the first company abllintears had pleche themsels to deo whas gesis wout de the different meatings had been caractiris by distant impulses or ampressioncs
	layer_4: since the first sundey when the first company obolunters had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meeatings had been character iysd by distanct impulses or impressions
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of bolanteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressionsd
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of bolunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and alteorhw it ran one genneral cri for deliverence anm the solon in iets olful curs
	layer_4: and alteurwit ran one general cry for deliverance orm the salon ind its aful curs
	layer_6: and altruew it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon ind its awful curse
	layer_8: and all thrug it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_10: and all throuw it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_12: and all throug it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: gra in his wie for be seechd by anquirs who one ed to no what loriins friends an acquaitancas wer expected to dou im paing nheir lst er spets to her
	layer_4: graan his wife for beceechd byinquirs who wanded to kno what lorian's friends and acquaintnces wer expected to do inpayind their lasterespects to her
	layer_6: grey and his wife were besieghed by enquirers who wanted to know what lorians friends and acquaintances were expected to do inpaing their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were beseched by enquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying thir last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were beseghed by enquirers who wanted to know what larine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by enquirers who wanted to know what laurine's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gon uc to vreginiens and after tolking atover with her nd maxba erange ment had ben made
	layer_4: gray had gonenupk to rginieus and after talking at over with her and maxibel t arangement had been made
	layer_6: gry had gone up to virginius and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arangement had been mad
	layer_8: gry had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: grey had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: grey had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her an maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and a was have been upos o large puplic funeral said grey whoscompleat hulsome s implicita vf caracter was one of its greatest sorces of strinh but the cri of the por creaters wo ne lorain as sil ernes that i oud not now hadter of fease the esire to see her and pa her for body some las blittle honoer what doeou thing mister maxtbal
	layer_4: i am and always have been apose talarge pupblic funeral said grey whose complete holesome simplicity ofe caracter was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new loraine is soernes that i dod not know hwd her a fewsed the esire to see her and pay her por body some last blittle honur what do you think mister maxibll
	layer_6: i am and ial ways have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorine is so earnes that i do not know how to refuse thi desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creature's who knew lorine is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lorene is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i will te gad ed by gure gecheren an hematter
	layer_4: i will be gided by youradjethern in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your gegemn in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am shur tht whatever you in mis paked think fest wil byo right
	layer_4: i am sure that whatever you and mis pate think best will be right
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be rite
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the circumsances i have a great tois tased for what seemg like display at such times but tis sems different
	layer_4: under the circumsances i have a great dis taste for what seem like desplay at such times but this sems differen
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seemes different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: het happend thet that afternan a some whant noted nese fapercorson it was passing di ram an on his way to en et atorial commention inthe neighboring sitty
	layer_4: it happened that that afternon a somewhat noted nesefaper coureson at was passing di ram end on his way to an ed atorial convention in e neighboring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted neespaper correspondent was passing theur graymend on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing theugrement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thoug greement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing thoughagreement on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was accom on streete drunkerd and yet the servisis it thetent were ais impressovf as anyi ever witnesstan a meter paliod ain church over the most disinguish sitison
	layer_4: she was a commond street dronkuerd and yet the servic hs ot the tent were as impressive as any i ever witness an a metur pol itdnd church over the most disinguished citizon
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed and a metrepolitan church over the most disinguished citizin
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meatropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it sruckt me of course being estranger i the place with considterable stonishment to hear voiss like thos one naturallekxpects to hare only in great turch es or consets at such imading is this
	layer_4: its sruck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable a stonishment to hear voices like those one natural expects to heare only in great churches ore conseorcts at such ameding is this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meting as this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister makswel spo e ot the fact that the ded woman had been fully prpared togo but he sokin at peculiarly sensit hive maner of the affect of the licker bissines som aelives ip menand womin like this an
	layer_4: mister makwell spoke ot the fect that the dead woman had been fully prepaired togo but he spokeen a peculiarly senseitive maner of the affect of the licker bisness on e lives if men and woman like this one
	layer_6: mister max well spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of corse being araiorod town an the scendter of the great packing interoes for the s region is ful of solonts
	layer_4: rament of course being arailr od town and the center of the great packing interes for thes region is full of saloonts
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railrod town and the centere of the great packing interest for this region is full of salons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centere of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: then follwed what was perhaps the creer part of thes strang survie
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the cueear part of the strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of thi strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplist and at the saine time one of the most himpressif sigtes i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most im presiv sigtes i ever witnesst
	layer_6: it was one of the simplest and at the same kime one of the most impressive sigts i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there mustav been a hundred of these woman and i was told many of them had been con verted at the medingstjust resently
	layer_4: there must have ben a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meding s just resently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nex momen he fell bakin amazement be for the inpetuous rush of a stry id flus chek deyoung woman who dimanded
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a stary eyd flush cheek eyoung woman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flush cheek t young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushd cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: where is e peat mis bly gasked the o man
	layer_4: wherae ishe peat miss billy gasked the old man
	layer_6: where is he peat miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: ant hanis sheeks too were flushed and heriyee story butwith dismay and anger the last becaus she did not like the ay pet had said miss billie's name
	layer_4: ant han as cheeks too were flushed ind her eye story but with dosmay and anger the last because she did not like the way peathad said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannes cheeks too were flushed in her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pet had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for her to object to this thing vily was doing but qui dadnother for peatk to do at of courseits she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to thes thing billy was doing but quie another for pat to do it of course its she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peatk to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pee to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peque to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peque to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorded ant hannatestly as if you our selft nfring herhere with your crasy messigisit tis time of night pet weriosy
	layer_4: retorted ant hannattestily as if you your selftent fring her heare with your crasy messagis it this time of night pete wereiose
	layer_6: retorted ant hannatestily as if you yourself idn' fring her her with your crazy messages at this time of night pet where es e
	layer_8: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int er pose bily tell mistr ber tr m y am hyeer or waite i'l go ritidn itsuppriseont
	layer_4: anterposed billy tell mister brter my am heare or wait i'llco rited ind surprice i
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister bertrmi am here or wait ill go righten and surprise him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertrm i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: pet ad re coveridhimself by now but he did noteyven glance owr dant hina
	layer_4: pet had recoverd himself by now but he did not even glance owardant hanna
	layer_6: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glanced owardaunt hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hanna
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss billy miss billy your an angjel strae frem havan you ar you ar o i'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billy miss billy your an angjell strighe from heaven you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy ure an angel straight from heaven you aren you ar oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: it 'll beal righte no ao righte hesan the den misspilly
	layer_4: it'll be all righte now all right he sin the den miss billy
	layer_6: it 'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right hes in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: vuilly turne egerly but befor she could take so much as oncestep towre the doorat the andeo the hol ant hannas indignnt voice er restid her belis stu
	layer_4: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as onc etep oward the doorat the und o the hall ant hannas indignant voice urested her billiys stop
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one stepp toward the door at the end of the hall aunt henas indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt henna's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy's stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: pet go tell your master that we or heare and askif hou will recive us peats lips twiched
	layer_4: pat go tell your master that we ar here and askif hoeu will receive us petes lips twitched
	layer_6: pet go tell your master that we are here and ask if hoe will receive us petslips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pet's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face wst pritdod naturaly grave when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was preter nantually grave when he spok
	layer_6: but his face was preder nantually grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fying fi gyour brushd by him and dell on sesed by the cout oit the lo cry burthruims yseflew wopen
	layer_4: a flying foigyour brushed by him an fell onit sesed by the coutch with a low cry burtrums eyes flew open
	layer_6: a flying figoure brushed by him and fell on it sesed by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seize by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling foun im thermanut later polishing a silfertesepoon with a fringhed napkon that ad been spread over burtrumstry
	layer_4: dongling found him ther aminat later polishing a silfertyspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over burtrumstry
	layer_6: dong ling found him there a minate later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over berctram'stry
	layer_8: dog ling found him there a minutelater polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over bertram's try
	layer_10: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall abo van't hanna was crying into will um sgry lin andduster that hung on the holl rack ant han as hankragif was on the flor back it heil sid
	layer_4: in the hall above ant hanna was crying into wiliam scray lind ind duster that hung on the hall rack ant hand is handkecif was on the floor back et helside
	layer_6: in the hall above ant hanno was crying into wiliam's creylin and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's hadkerchief was on the floor back et hilside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into williams gray line an duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hilside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor backat hillside

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gradgwily it dohndover then that ther was after all something strange and on exlain tdadall
	layer_4: then very gradally it dand over then that theire was after all something strange and un explain did ind all
	layer_6: then very gradually it donet over them that there was after all something strange and unexplainedit it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it danned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make ure that she was her like this he do hrievind closor burtan was so thankful thitdy did have one oarm that wos usable
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he do her even closeor burtan was so thankful tatidid have one arm that was usible
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he dew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertam was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why o of course stamored billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had foun d out you didn' want me
	layer_4: why o of course stamured billy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why o of course stameured billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: whyof course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: te maineded burchrom angry an mistifide
	layer_4: demainded brch rem angry and mistified
	layer_6: demanded burtram angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not panting again youdn tounderstand peat dary
	layer_4: as form my not painting again you tidn' undersand pate deary
	layer_6: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pat deary
	layer_8: as for my not painting again you didn'tunderstand pete dearry
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deary
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deary

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puld er self half awayfe from brichims ind sircling orm
	layer_4: she pulld her self half away from brichims an circkling arm
	layer_6: she puled herself half away from brichams in circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from bridtrams en circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bredgham's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bredgham's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bily dyou a quivfering si
	layer_4: billy dour aquivfering sgh
	layer_6: billyd your a quivering sigh
	layer_8: billied your a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billied reur a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billied yeu a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: good havends is tatind this too burtums voise was savage now
	layer_4: good havens is cateen this too burcrums voice wats savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is kat in this too bertam's voice wits savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is katen this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: well shee rowet a letter
	layer_4: well she rot a letter
	layer_6: well she wrote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: billy lauct gaely but she shifted er position and did not met her leversie
	layer_4: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not met her lovers eys
	layer_6: billy laughed gaitly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think fo minut billy that you cared for him
	layer_4: and you never did think fo minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not men slow t o marke kets with lowering o hor iledts
	layer_4: he had not been slowdto mark thats with lowering inf her islads
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swith lowering of her eyelids
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: beille was so glad burtrma turine the question on hurlof insteat of aurkrights
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtumaturne the question on hurelove in stead of ourkgrigtes
	layer_6: billy was so glad berthram ha turned the question on her love instead of ourkwrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad berthram had turnedthe question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: after minut billy stird and side hafuly
	layer_4: after a minut billy stired and side halfly
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred in side halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred in sighe halfily
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you see i wasn in love with mister ar cright
	layer_4: you see i wasn' in love with mister ar criht
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkrygt
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: andand youdidn' car speciall ly for frm miss winte
	layer_4: and and you din't carei special ty for for is winter
	layer_6: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss winterb
	layer_8: and and you didn't care it specially for for miss windrop
	layer_10: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintre
	layer_12: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintrap

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: belle put a soting hur on his lips
	layer_4: bily put a sotfinger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: vertr kisstd the fhing er ans ofbsitet fom he comminit
	layer_4: virtob kissed the finger ands ubsided  he comtmin it
	layer_6: vertam kissed the finger and subsided umhe comtmined
	layer_8: bertab kissed the finger and subsided um he commented
	layer_10: bertrab kissed the finger and subsided humh he commented
	layer_12: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humh he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whil what is tha is thact kate too dhe manded bur rim grimly
	layer_4: whele what is that is that cate too demanded brirterom grimly
	layer_6: wele what is that is that kate too demanded brtrom grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that cate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that as that cate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that as that cate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was anoter silence then suenly brh rim stird
	layer_4: there was another silence then suddenly birch rim stired
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly burch rhm stied
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly berthram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy i'm goin amary you to morow he anouncs decicively
	layer_4: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he anounce decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billi i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't kno as i con trust you hout o my sighte till then you'll red something oar hear something wor gin a letter from cate after breakfis to mrm worni that wl sec you saving ne agin and i don't want to be sayd that way
	layer_4: i don't know is i cantrust you ot o my sighte till then you'll read something or her something or get a letter from cate oafter breakfase to marromorning that will sath you saving me again and i don't want to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i can trust you out o my sight till then you'll read something or her something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will sech you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or heare something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that w'll set you' saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that well set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that well set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: 'm going a mar you to morow 'get he stotd horit with a sudde't frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopd shorit with a sudden frown con found that ly forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped shor it with a sudden grown con found that lawi forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that l i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that lawei forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: fivedaeendee sir
	layer_4: fivedays indeed sir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i whonder  you thinktikcan get ready to be marrid in fyve dayse
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married im five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married him five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't wan syou to gite ready retorted burctrompromtly i somemare av eadyand i had all i want it of it
	layer_4: don't want you to gite ready retorted birtrum promply i som mareit ready and i had all i wantet of it
	layer_6: don't want you to gete ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie at ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw mari et ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy must have ale tos miles of table closs and nackins and doylys and laceructlings wil do at afterwards not befor but
	layer_4: if you really must have al thorse miles of table closs and napkins and doyles and lace sruthlings will do at afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have allthose miles of table closths and napkins and doylies and lace rughlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyliyes and lace rufflings wi'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and dolies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and dolies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besides i negyou to take care of me cut imbrchom craftly
	layer_4: besides i need you to take care of me cut mberchum craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cutemberthram craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender cglo on billys face tol tie sown story and brchromseger ies were not slowt o redit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billys face told tits own story and birchramseger yes were not slowd of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berthrm'seagr eyes were not slowd of read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eagere eyes were not slow to reat it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swee d hart see heare deare he cried solfly tigntening his good beft arm
	layer_4: sweet eart see heare dear he cried softly tightning his good left arm
	layer_6: sweet heart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_8: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: buellay mi deher
	layer_4: billy my da er
	layer_6: billy my deaer
	layer_8: billy my dear
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant handnist plaint od voice ith the doarwayal litte later
	layer_4: it was aunt han as plaintod voice ath the dorway l little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hannas plainted voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homant will ye as heare two and onst to seeyou
	layer_4: we must go homean will yu mas here two and wons to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and willium is heare two and ants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you manat tll be befor ostoe
	layer_4: you mean ittll be before atover
	layer_6: you mean it 'll be before oct ober
	layer_8: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: ant han a glanse from wone to the other ian sertanly
	layer_4: ant hand a glanced from one to the other un certainly
	layer_6: aunthannaglinced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noded billy t marly
	layer_4: yes noded billy domerely
	layer_6: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodnded billy demerely
	layer_10: yes nodded bille demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billie demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi ndow that is a good wile cat in burtrmarly
	layer_4: yesi know that is a good wile cat in brthrmarily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cutdin brthremarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cut in berthramerrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramerrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we woneded it tomorow but we had tawat un ac cute of the new liconsla
	layer_4: we wantded it tomorrow but we had tawaiht un accoute of the new license la
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on accout of the new licenclaw
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on accout of the new licinselaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: an mih res an travels in the vest i feld that oult theyr freedem as an igdear has becomn feber and einefactal
	layer_4: an my reasan travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idear has becom feeble and inifactuuale
	layer_6: and my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idear hath become feeble and inefctual
	layer_8: an my recent travels in the west i felt that out theire freedom as an idea hath become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the feane thing of having now wit the peplel of the rest
	layer_4: the fam thing ath havning now with the peple of the rest
	layer_6: the fame thing is havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing ish happening now with the people of the rest
	layer_10: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the rest

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: the aflaterd into pleving that the afree and they haved the soveren pa in the hans
	layer_4: they aflattered into believing that they afree and they have the soverin pa in the hancse
	layer_6: they are flattered into beliving that they arefree and they have the sovereign par in thei hans
	layer_8: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign pawr in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign powr in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: ats it heas becoe more and mor evdinto me that thridil ofreed him has gron tenuous in the a misferf the vast
	layer_4: thas it has became more and more evden to me that the ideal o freedim has gron tenuous in the admissvier of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more evdent to me that the ideal afreedom hath grown tenuous in the admosphere of the vast
	layer_8: thus it has become more and more evidento me that the ideal of freedom hatsh grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vast

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintality asf that offrslave onin community wut am mew tlated mat tured of men ti to ad scommotil andpilitogl tredme
	layer_4: the mintality as that offeslave ownincommunity wuth ca mewtalated miltturd of men tied to atscommotial and filitigltredmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that offaselave own incommunity with amutilated maltiteard of men tied to a scommotial and pelitical tredmill
	layer_8: the mentality as that of er slave own incommunity with ammutilated multiturd of men tied to its commotial and political treadmiall
	layer_10: the mentality as that of a slave own ing community with a mutillated multitud of men tied to its commotial and political treadmiall
	layer_12: the mentality as that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotial and political treadmill

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he whol casdto hoavs las must chain himself to them he who bilt's wals to greead exsflution for others bil l sals ecrose son fredon he whold dis trus freed hem inothers lunses es mare righte to it
	layer_4: he who cas to house lave must chan himself to them he who bils walls to cread exflution for others biltles walls acrosse son freeden he who distruss preedhem inothers lounsesas marind wright to it
	layer_6: he who cares to havse laves must chain himself to them he who bilts walls to crete exclusion for others bills walls across thesown freden he who distrust freedom inothers lonceses marled right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builts walls to create exclusion for others buils walls across his own freedom he who distrust freedom in others loses his morled right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have slaves must chan himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moreled right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have slaves must chan himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his morteled right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: hand theyquied a truo lauge ar fritim
	layer_4: ham thequiret a tru louge a freetim
	layer_6: have they acquired oar true logve of freedom
	layer_8: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the greeat atpek of ter sell offerpeple the maher pirdther gifcers abon t fll vition of an erofflawing life foull oafte reedin of inquirry andexpareomend
	layer_4: the great apick of the sol of her people the maher pirrite gifvfses abontful vision of an eve rlowing life full af the freedim of inquiry and expariment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sel of her people the mahar paroter giveses abondiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_8: the great epic of the soul of her people the mahar pata givesus a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the soul of her people the maharparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soul of her people the maharparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: than the aige of the boder cam hemarnity was td in or contre to ts atimlstea
	layer_4: than the age of the bouder came hemanity was trd in our contry to its ateml step
	layer_6: than the age of the buder came humanity was tard in our country to its aterml step
	layer_8: then the age of the boder came humanity was tard in our country to its utermal tep
	layer_10: when the age of the booder came humanity was tauet in our country to its attermal stepth
	layer_12: when the age of the booder came humanity was tauht in our country to its attemal stepth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: itc hardined int aneage iof e nod construction
	layer_4: ic hordend into in eage of note construction
	layer_6: ic howdened into an eage of inote construction
	layer_8: icardened into an age of innot construction
	layer_10: ic ardeed into an age of innote construction
	layer_12: itcarded into an age of innote construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: the walganyunity of or tvheirid and ilastic ercity gae we to convengtenal ader whit's prod its artficil carriter byt e nex thrabelor of exclution
	layer_4: the algainy cunity of er verid and lastic socity gave way to conventonal ader whits prold it ourtificial carracter by te e next thruble low of exclution
	layer_6: the oganicunity of avarid and elastic society gave way to a conventional oder which prude it artificial character byit enexthruble law of exclosion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varined and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proed its artificial character byt iexrable law of exclosion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by it inexerable law of exclosion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional ordor which proved its artificial character by it inexoerable law of exclosion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha thet fhinlyquolityes i ad mit but bear nachfre and ar and harmly withthou vitl funtions
	layer_4: life hah hit f anly qualities i hadmit but bear nathful and er and haurmny withthouvitle functions
	layer_6: life hathed f anequalities i admet but ber natul and are and harmny with our vital functions
	layer_8: life hath itfr an equalities i admet but bear naturual and are and harmony with tour vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it  anequalities i admit but baar natural and are and harmony with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it inequalities i admit but baare natural and are and harmony with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: bys queeasing himan beings on the gretp of an inlasticcsistiom and folceibly herlding them fexd me hare anod the las ofplive an groat
	layer_4: bysqueeasing himan beings in the grep of an ini lastic sistiom and falcibly herlding them fixt we hae igknord the lawse of live ind groth
	layer_6: by squeazing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falciely helding them fexed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsively hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and falsibely hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and fulsibely hulting them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be have forsd living sols in to ea pomn and patsivity madteng them inkepabelr of moding silcomnsthencs to tearrle intranceictdecine and of mastrang teroen detne
	layer_4: we have forced living soels into a pomin and paivity madng them in keapavol of molding cicumnstance to teyrale intrancsic designe and of mastring therown destone
	layer_6: we have forced living sals into a pomanant pacivity madking them incapable of moulding cilcumstence to teir ow intranceic de sign and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_8: we have forced living souels into a pomanant pasivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own desthony
	layer_10: we have forced living souls into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_12: we have forced living souls into a poemenent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: as yupefaction has becomso asilut that be do not ivn relisethat thes besirstan mitsforton darking us chepsfulr agus cannot be of mr axcidened of histry remo obe oly by inother axciden fromoudsid
	layer_4: asktyou pefaction has become so atsilote that we do not iven relice that thes posisten misfortune darging us cheps fur agus cannot be of mr accident of histry remo a e only by another accidene from outside
	layer_6: as tupfifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this pesistint misfortune dorgging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history remoabl only by another accident from outside
	layer_8: ustupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this presistant misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: our stupefactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us theps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: our stupefactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be of mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: the r el be incapber of hoiting arjhust fredom in parlitexs and o fiting nd freed ims caus
	layer_4: thevill be in capaber of holding ar jhust freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freed em scause
	layer_6: bhe wil be incapabe of holding or just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedomscaurs
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding or just freedom in parlitics and of fighting and freedom s cause
	layer_10: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: they will be incapable of holding or just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: i trepresense ther actiaspeyctifinothur which haster appudancsof fredim but nated trud and therefor gif srice to slavery thougth wihein its pountryese in otd side
	layer_4: it tret presence the active aspect of e notiure which has te appurence of freedom but notets truth an therefor gives forise to slavery thoughth within ats pountrys an outside
	layer_6: et trepresens the active aspect of enorture which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery thouth within its bountres and outside
	layer_8: et represents the active aspect of inertue which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery doth within its boundaris and outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inertiu which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaris and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thoth within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at thefot off woman that belae thelastat itthout hes mile would nevber ha bein gand it iser immage tat strins telier of the pot that an mead s of wais in the blateh of eli cpinfaction andgide so drean in the lgse toiles of statly conselrgs
	layer_4: it is at the foot off woman that be laid the lawus tat bithout hers mile would never ha been gained it is er imaged that strings delire of the poit that anmads of waise in the blazse of eliqenfaction and guide sofe dran in the alges thoiles of stately counses
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that be layid the lawrus that without hesmile would never have been gained it is a image that strings delire of the poit that an mads ae voice in the blace of allequentfaction and guidesa drain in the ougur's toiles ofs tately counseks
	layer_8: it is at the foot off woman that we lai the lawres that without her smile would never have been gained it is a image that strings the lire of the poet that animades or voice in the blaze of alequent faction and guidesof drain in the augus toils of stately councelrts
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is or image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates or voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides a drain in the august toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the lawrus that without her smile would never have been gained it is our image that strings the lire of the poet that animates or voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides af drain in the august toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: istay nowhelpe fort thamsofoulof holp
	layer_4: is day no hup for them so ful lave holp
	layer_6: as tay no help for them so fullof helpe
	layer_8: as teyr no help for them so full of help
	layer_10: as tey no hepe for them so full of help
	layer_12: as tey no hepe for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it meks the hartake burt topicthur sut risisitds to thay inmagination
	layer_4: it meks the heartace but to picture such ricicitilds to they imagination
	layer_6: it meks the heartaghe but topicture such vecisitials to thei imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heartache but to picture such veciityls to thei imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecissitils to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heartache but to picture such vecissitiels to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such changes cin ar cr flics olverth the mind like the fougtd of deat e scarring allor ga fanfieas bith it s batd like rwin and tanding the helly adnihfer of her hapnes wit its venimos expirations
	layer_4: the nowlieged that such changiscin her cu fliks over the mind like the thought of deat it scarring allo gave fanfise bith its bat like wing and caning the helty atni fiur of her happness bith its venemous expirations
	layer_6: e knowledge that such changees gan o cur flits over the mind like the thought of death iscaring ollau gave fanfies with its bat like wing and changing the heldy atnofher of her hapness with its venomous experations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death et scouring all ou gay fanfies with its bad like wing and changing the healdy atmophere of her happness with its venomous expurations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death e scouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death the scouring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of her happiness with its venomous expirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: my os
	layer_4: min ens
	layer_6: mine ownes
	layer_8: mine ones
	layer_10: mine owns
	layer_12: mine owns

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: mrted at cltitdo
	layer_4: mo tead at coutu dome
	layer_6: more deat what cudt you dome
	layer_8: more dead what could you dom
	layer_10: more dad what could you dom
	layer_12: more dad what could you doom

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i' bito bot my chame be liketa filyd bad in icag
	layer_4: i bit obout my chambe like a filly bord in the cae
	layer_6: i bet about my chamber like a fily board in the cage
	layer_8: i bit about my chamber like a fily bord in the cage
	layer_10: i bet about my chamber like a faily board in the cage
	layer_12: i bit about my chamber like a faily board in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do not think of morvin to day
	layer_4: do not think of morvinto day
	layer_6: do not think of moving to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nokeep the messingur an instnt
	layer_4: to no keep the massenger an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the massenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: she s an my poy
	layer_4: she son my pony
	layer_6: she son my poney
	layer_8: she is on my pony
	layer_10: she is on my pony
	layer_12: she is on my pony

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right onlee one woard to your romn hen greiter
	layer_4: right only one ward to yer rom hen greitel
	layer_6: rigt only one word to your rem hengrata
	layer_8: wriht only one word to your ram hengreatol
	layer_10: write only one word to your realm hengrieatel
	layer_12: write only one word to your realm hencreatel

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fodnant to hen reater
	layer_4: folnant to hen reater
	layer_6: fuldnant to henrete
	layer_8: fudnant to henrite
	layer_10: fudnant to henrieta
	layer_12: furdnant to henrieta

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: got less yu my hen reater i bloered wy maless hen reater
	layer_4: got less you my hend reater i bilovered bmy masless hen reter
	layer_6: godless you my hen reater my belovered my machless hend rater
	layer_8: godless you my henreator my belovered my matchless hendriator
	layer_10: god bless you my henriater my beloved my matchless henriator
	layer_12: god bless you my henriater my beloved my matchless henriator

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wod his the  fhevration no cos me
	layer_4: wot has tat etveration ot cos me
	layer_6: whot hes dead seperation not cast me
	layer_8: what has tead sepration not case me
	layer_10: what has thad separation not cast me
	layer_12: what has tad separation not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pang tat i could not confeive an human rihsry crd igaion
	layer_4: pangsthat i could not conceive ana human rithre coud eccasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conceive an a human withry coud occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive any human mitry could occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human ritry could occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human ritery could occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i wll to be greatfer that he was anin jhurd last nigt
	layer_4: and yet i ought to be greatful that he was aunin jurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uningured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninsured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninsured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i di not now on how foolisha was
	layer_4: i dear not now on how foolish i was
	layer_6: i dar not now own how foolish i woss
	layer_8: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not know own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be an gree vee ehen reater but im noe ers about conseeling a in gacemen trompaper
	layer_4: di not be angry with ya hendgreator but i'm novus about conceeling a engagemen tfrompape
	layer_6: do not be angry with your hendriator but i 'm no vous about conceling her engagement frompepa
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henriator but i am novos about concealing her engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with your henriattor but i am nevous about concealing her engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with your henriattor but i am nevious about concealing her engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dase mounts te lapes befor yo c anrete puh and they now fordenent i kno your affof sas mor tifficlet then yourll confess
	layer_4: days mus the laps before you can reat bouth and thy no fordinent i kno your affecas more tifficulet than youbilconfess
	layer_6: days must elaps before you can reate bouth and ti now fordnat i know your offifces more tdifficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days must elapse before you can reach bouth and i know fordnate i know your officeis more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can reach bauth and i know fordunate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can reach bauth and i know fordunate i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: bhutd come bactd my on asd soon as hou can and rihte to me ad the pels chafice as yheu settled
	layer_4: but come back my on as soon as he a can and rihte to me at the pilse choffice as heu settled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as hye can and writ to me at the pills shaffice as you settled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the pelsshaoffice as you're settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as yo're settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as ye can and write to me at the post office as yo're settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the consciousneththatur so knear mixesmin restless
	layer_4: the conscius nesh that youre o nar mikes men restless
	layer_6: the consciousnests that youre so near mikes men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that you re so near mak me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that you so near makes me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that your so near makes me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i vish to meet him but thath much comnes a hecancommond
	layer_4: i vish to meet him but tas much comness a ta can comnt
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but as much comnescs as e can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him but as much calmness as i can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him wit as much calmness as i can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him wit as much calmness as i can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the prad s enhits there he had falin with the flax stavfing his hand laprrncs antruablgonscy bleading frofustly and and consciestly utring haendle piturs and til like mom
	layer_4: on the pradson heighds were he had falling with the flack thelf in his hand laprence an rouble c onsky bleading frfusely and un conciusly uttring agendl pitius and chil like monm
	layer_6: on the prat syn heits where he had fallen with the fla scharfin his hand laprince and druble consky bleeding frofusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peteous and chillike moam
	layer_8: on the ratsen heites where he had fallen with the flag saffin his hand laporince and rubolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peeous and childlike moam
	layer_10: on the prads and hites where he had fallen with the flag saff in his hand laporance and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moam
	layer_12: on the prats and hites where he had fallen with the flag sthaff in his hand laporance and ru bolkonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moam

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: su indly he a gin fail that hu ous a lie and suftring from a boning lasreating bean in his head
	layer_4: surengly he again felled that hewaus alive and suftering from a boning las reating bain in his head
	layer_6: sorainly he again fell that he was alive and sufering from a burning lat rating bain in his head
	layer_8: cerddainly he again fell that he was alive and suftering from a burning laterating bain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: wat his frst thougt
	layer_4: was his first thought
	layer_6: was his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he febly mored hish lag and arterd ovek se ly gron wit arrousd hi ton pity
	layer_4: he fably moued hish leg and uttered o vek sikly grown which eroused his own pitty
	layer_6: he fably mooe his leg and utered a waqku sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fabely mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he fably mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he fably mooved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groawn which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lifethes young menup and cary him to the drestinstation
	layer_4: lif thes young men up and cary him to the dressing station
	layer_6: lift this young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: tren tan drury memberd nothing mor he last consiouthnestrom the tearablld bein of beinglifted oun to thes tretur the jilllding ril beeng mod and the plobing of his voon atd the dresthenstation
	layer_4: prin and drure memberd nothing more he loust conscious nes from the terible bain of being lifted oun to thestrature the jolding vil being mod and the prowbing of his woon at the dreasingstation
	layer_6: princ' and rew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terible pain of being lifted oun to the streatchur the jolding while being mood and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_8: prince anddrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolding while being moed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted on to the stretcher the jolting while being mooed and the probing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yoring this transfor he fael a litte's tronger and was abl to look about him and even s pek
	layer_4: ering this transfor he felled a littles tronger and was able to look about him and evenspeak
	layer_6: guring this transfer he felled a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he ast onseing the prsnes
	layer_4: he asket on seeing the prisness
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i commarnded s courdrun teplid racnen
	layer_4: i commounded is corden treplie ratnin
	layer_6: i commonded his corldron replied retnon
	layer_8: i commanded his codron replied retnan
	layer_10: i commanded his codron replied retman
	layer_12: i commanded his codron replied retman

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prencrenen namned lefternin sutellon
	layer_4: princerepnan naimned leftern in suktellin
	layer_6: princrepnon named lefternin sotelen
	layer_8: prince repnen named leftenan soctelen
	layer_10: prince repnen named liutenan zutelen
	layer_12: prince repnen named lieutennan sutelen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: aftelooking at him nipolinsmild
	layer_4: after looking a him nepolyiin smild
	layer_6: after looking it him nipolyan smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him nipoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youd as no hntrans to carrige maturd stutellen in ifaling wice
	layer_4: you thoes no hintrence to carage materd suktellin in a failing vise
	layer_6: you thoes new hintranse to carage matered suctellen in a failing vice
	layer_8: you des new hintrance to corage muttered tsuc tellen in a failing voice
	layer_10: you tus new hindrance to courage muttered tu telan in a faling voice
	layer_12: you tus new hindrance to courage muttered tuctelan in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: a splandedere ly said ni polin
	layer_4: a splanded rely saidne palin
	layer_6: a splendid retly said ne poling
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_10: a splendid reply said nipolin
	layer_12: a splendid reply said nipolion

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prrn sandra whed ole tthou ben braght forbert before the empererseyce to compled the shol of trisnes cood not felto ittractive itention
	layer_4: pron sandrow w had ol tol beeng brought forwerd before the empertersise to completd the show of risners couod not fail to attractise attention
	layer_6: prn sandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's yse to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_8: prin candrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyze to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: his fate shon wit sel fautifaction and lasu
	layer_4: his fath shown with sell atisfaction and plajure
	layer_6: his face showne with sel satisfaction and plesure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the sosjers wecary trensandr had notest andtaken the lite goled ycon trencers mary had hang rown her brathers nik but seeing the fabre the amporarshoed the frisners the r know hasind to retune the holy inigh
	layer_4: the solgers wet caried frins androw had notest and caken the little gold ey con trinces mary had hung rown her brother's neck but seeing the favour the empera showed the prisiners their now hazent to returnd the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers we had carried frindcs andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eye con trincers mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favoure the emperoer showed the prisoners there now hazened to returned the wholy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eiecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eiecorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eicorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners there now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: prence andru did not se ow in by whom itusriplast but the lite y con with its thin giod chane sadingly a perd upon his chest ou sid has younform
	layer_4: prince an drew dit not sea how in by whom it wes ripplacte but the little i con with its fin gold chain sudinly appeared upon his chest out side his un form
	layer_6: prince and drewe did not see how in by whom it was replaced but the little eye con with it sfin gold chain sudengly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince anddrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eye con with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eye gon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyegon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how godithed be to no vere to see or heal in thes lafe and wat eexpic aftrt be yond the grei
	layer_4: how good it hrd be to no vere to seak for healp in the s life and walhto expect after t beyond the greav
	layer_6: how good it had be to kno vhere to seek for help in this life and walh to expect after it beyond the gree
	layer_8: how good it ad be to know where to seek for help in this life and whaht to expect after it beyond the grav
	layer_10: how gouold it hd be to know where to seek for help in this life and what toe expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how goold it hud be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow hap pe an ca y should be if i good nowse lord have mosy on me
	layer_4: how happy an carm i should be if i good nowsy loard have mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calme i should be if i good now see lard have muthy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now seay lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now seay lord have mercy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i there towebol indefinablu in com behansibe whuch i knotonlycanot atresse beuet wi a cannont ev an extress in words the great ald or noshing saick he to him self a to that gad who has been sone into this ammulit by mary
	layer_4: ither twa po indefinabel in comeblehendsible whuch i notunly cannod atd tress but wich i cano even express in words the great al or nothing said he to him self ogh to that gad who has been sol into this ammulet by mary
	layer_6: either toa powe indefinable incomplehendsible which i notonly cannod adtresst but which i cannot even express in words the great ol or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sol into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to apow indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot eddress but which i cannot even express ing words the great ol or nothing said he to himself ogh to that god who has been sol into this amulete by mary
	layer_10: either to ebow indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot eddress but which i cannot even express ing words the great ol or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sol into this amulite by mary
	layer_12: either to ebow indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot edtress but which i cannot even express ing words the great oall or nothing said he to himself or to that god who hat been sold into this amulate by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: this traters modon
	layer_4: thi strateres mod on
	layer_6: the straters mod on
	layer_8: the straitors moed on
	layer_10: the straihters moved on
	layer_12: the straiters moved on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit hone life and pecefl happiness of bod hils presended it selth to him
	layer_4: the quite home life and pieceful happiness of bold hils presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of ball hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bol hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: ke if he nervears pelioa subjit said lariy and te lot riy cober
	layer_4: key if the nerves belia subjet said lary and the lotre cover
	layer_6: key if the nervous bilia subject said larry and wi lotrecover
	layer_8: key is the nervous biliou subject said larry and will not recover
	layer_10: key is the nervous biliu subject said lary and will not recover
	layer_12: key is the nervous biliou subject said larry and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: theat toosor you ril of cote un to take
	layer_4: theae too saw you wil of cous un to take
	layer_6: thete too saw you will ove cose untetake
	layer_8: thert too sa you will of couse undertake
	layer_10: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: thin something has happaan he has som speiale in fimation some great ns
	layer_4: then something has happened he has some special infirmation some great newse
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great newse
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen blakip ird it us eveden thad somping had gond rong with him
	layer_4: wen blackeppyeard it was evedin hat something had goned rong with him
	layer_6: when black ippeared it was evdent that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_8: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jisen he most wand him neveer
	layer_4: gone now jusfind he most warned him never
	layer_6: gone now just wind he most warne him never
	layer_8: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when he most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eiteart trpe eitart
	layer_4: ideat tripl idiat
	layer_6: ediat trible ediat
	layer_8: edit triple ediot
	layer_10: ediot triple ediot
	layer_12: ediot triple ediot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shald be dis minst dis charts from the sar you'at a dis crase to the forse
	layer_4: you shall be dismisst dis chargs from the sa you had a discrase to the forse
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you r a discrase to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the saur you're a disgrace to the force
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the tar you 're a disgrace to the force
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the tar youare a disgrace to the force

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it es that or you great glutome
	layer_4: it is that orl you great glut me
	layer_6: it is that ol you great glot me
	layer_8: it is that o you great glodt me
	layer_10: it is that o you great glod to me
	layer_12: it is that o you great glod to me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentle inmade himses nos tleasend
	layer_4: my gentle in mad him sesh nosttleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himselef no sleasant
	layer_8: my gentleman made himself no spleasant
	layer_10: my gentleman made himself nos spleasant
	layer_12: my gentleman made himself no spleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: berlt any rea folr my sein saxcected
	layer_4: bell at any rat for my senceiccected
	layer_6: bell at any rad for my sincse i accepted
	layer_8: bell at any rae for my since i accepted
	layer_10: beal at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: bearl at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: we antered the frs restrond that of the reenito trencs iknowit behabs missi
	layer_4: we entered the first restrond that of the renighto trence iknow it perhaps massiar
	layer_6: we entered the first resturond that of the renite trens i know it perhaps mesier
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurand that of the re united tranchs e kneuw it perhaps mess er
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trancs e knew it perhaps messe
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trants he knew it perhaps messi

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no feare of him not tol the vary last whan he plad me thef ebr ton
	layer_4: i had no fer of himt not tillthe very last when he plade me thaf eble tone
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he plad me thif eble turn
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevile turn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the evil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i suspecten nothing meany brught oud his pockit bok it was tuft fu th mass ie i tou thad and my contiancsing creasd cal for the reckening and pabeitd than eitalin band novd
	layer_4: i suspectrd nothing weny brought out his pocket book it was tafd fur the messie i though that and my contiranceing creasd cal for the reckning and pabut than i tarlin bannovet
	layer_6: i suspected nothing when he brought out his packet book it was tuged for the messier i thowh that and my contrance increased call for the reckoning and pab it than etalin banneed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was toughetd for the messer i show that and my consfirence increased calld for the reckoning and pay e it than italian bank not
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for themesser i thowht that and my consfience increased called for the reckoning and pay ith an italian bank note
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tought for the mess hur i thawht that and my consfience increased called for the reckoning and pay ith an italian bank note

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excuse be one momnd pre
	layer_4: excus bme on nomentd pra
	layer_6: excuse me one noment pray
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bent od me ie and pit paf  he was no mor to be ceen
	layer_4: he bent out meh hiear and pif baf he was nor more to be seen
	layer_6: he bent out methier and piff baff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he bent out mether and piffaff he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he bent out metheer and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he bent out metheer and piff paff he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy lethim out of ecigtd
	layer_4: why let him out of he site
	layer_6: why let him out of hi sight
	layer_8: why let him out of his sight
	layer_10: why let him out of his seight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: it was only know at the lebeen thar that the dailyn had becom incal paterd and the curestion of his possibll anitetorhascyp had never bing concidurt
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven thaw that thet darlin had become incl pated and the chrestion of his possible anxiededo hs cap had never been concidert
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven thou that they garlin had become incalpated and the cuestion of his possible anxiedyto escape had never been considert
	layer_8: it was only now at the levent a that the talin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventh hour that the italien had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the talian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: she levet everesing behind
	layer_4: he left evereting behind
	layer_6: she left everthing behind
	layer_8: she left everything behind
	layer_10: she left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handed to me said the chief and rena game into his hancs he began ter tn over the lav's haolidly
	layer_4: handed to me said the chief and venet came into his hands he begcan to turn over the liefes horgliedly
	layer_6: handid to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the lafs hor riedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i to not un distend not mor than a word herd an ther
	layer_4: i to not aundistand not more then a word heran there
	layer_6: i tdo not undistand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is no doud e tarllin
	layer_4: it is no doult e tallin
	layer_6: it is no doutytallin
	layer_8: it is no dougtytaliin
	layer_10: it is no dought italian
	layer_12: it is no dought italian

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of cosuch ea consymit asas you have frud yurself would not think of soeching theres tran o he imeedid nahbehod or of making inquieriys as to vether he had been seen wor as to rich wer he had gon
	layer_4: of cosuch a consymite ass as you have trud yourself would not think of selching the ras trand orf the immedid naghberhot or of making en quie is has to veather he had been seen or as yo wrhich were he had gone
	layer_6: of co such a consimite as as you have trud yourself would not think of searching the restrond or the immedit neighbourhood or of making enquiereies as to wether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consimate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restrant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to wrhich whare he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consumate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consumate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: it was e not forta huntred helearrer a hundred frangs and the rathtron billst now more t an seminteen frans har
	layer_4: it was he not for ha hundred leaor a hundred frangs and the rethtron balast no more than seventeen frans haw
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lirer a hundred frangs and the restron belas no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred leirer a hundred francs and the wreshtaron belost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred leire a hundred francs and the restaurunt be lost no more than seventeen franc ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred leire a hundred francs and the restaurunt be lost no more than seventeen franc ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wals much resst in a great howrry
	layer_4: he was much pressed in a great horry
	layer_6: he was much bressed in a great horry
	layer_8: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: directly he crath the thrasheld he caolie the forscad and was drine noly but he was that the dever
	layer_4: derectly he croth the threchelt he calld the firs cap and was drimveingovy but he was taped the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crathed the threshelt he called the first cap and was drimving away but he was tapked the dever
	layer_8: directly he crashed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was tupped the devi
	layer_10: directly he crosked the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was toped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crosped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was toped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: ce wished to par son to liave her she would not con end then they bote garting to the cap and edreveneri togater
	layer_4: ciwished to parson to leave her she would not conent then they boath gard into the cap and wit reven of it together
	layer_6: cewishe to passon to leave her she would not conent than they both gad into the cap and weeh riven e atogether
	layer_8: che wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both gote into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_10: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_12: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but disti hosed so whie dispreat waks in me heart an dout and drat lest triatening rarma god and crate iltartsdi jarn istiml ad
	layer_4: but dis ti hostd so wide dispread wakes in my heart one dout and read lest tridening rarma good and gratd il tarts di jahnis timal ad
	layer_6: but dis di host so wide dispred wakes in my heart ane doubt and dred lest tratening rama good and grat ill tarts die johnys timol ait
	layer_8: but tis di host so wide dispreat wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treatening rama good and great ill tarts dijonny's timl aigt
	layer_10: but dis di host so wild dispret wakes in my heart on doubt and dread lest treatoning rama good and great ill tarts di joni's timol eight
	layer_12: but dis di host so wild dispreat wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest treatoning rama good and great ill tarts di jonni's timol eight

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: he is my ellest prader he is like ifardart he ar to me
	layer_4: he is my eldest prader he is lke a fadat e ar to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest brade he is like a faderd he ar to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest brawde he is like a father t r to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest brader he is like a father a dyr to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest brawder he is like a father a dyr to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i co toled my broad ar dans ho makes o woard his rescidens
	layer_4: i co to lead my broad or dence who makest a wad his recidens
	layer_6: i co to lead my broad or dence who makest taward his recidencs
	layer_8: i o to lead my broad odance who makes towod his recidence
	layer_10: i go to leade my broad odance who makes towoord his residence
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad ordance who makes towoord his residence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: notard but dis ti heard should rame ti simpldruld my lepesprocklame
	layer_4: no tard but dhisti heard should fram the simpltrut my leps prockame
	layer_6: no tart but thisdi hart should frame thi simple trut my leaps brocklain
	layer_8: no tart but this dyheart should frame this simple truth my laps brocklain
	layer_10: no tout but this ty hart should frame this simple truth my leaps proclame
	layer_12: no taut but this ty hart should frame this simple truth my leaps proclame

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo ha dors and vart eage to ardes poake in prendless page the day gort sankui o glowy dad and nigt ofe all des kgh was prard
	layer_4: as go her des and vorat eache to arders poke in frendles page the day gard sankquit glory dead and night of all theskyh was prad
	layer_6: as go har dues and varate each to arders poke in friendlis spich the day guard sankquit glowry dead and nighed over all the skyh was praed
	layer_8: as guhadaz and worrad each to adu spoke in friendles spagh the dagad sanquit glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed
	layer_10: as guhadaz and varat each to adar spoke in friendles peach the degads sankuwit glory dead and night over all the sky was prayred
	layer_12: as guhadaz and vorat each to adar spoke in friendless peach the degads sankwit glory dead and night over all the sky was prayed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: soon as king o haus taltcul cair had cuaut ot all the arme dir well on atd vrt ot lade hise headt besit se truk no hon abed
	layer_4: soon as king o has tatful care had quatat all the armedair well honud who ot laivd his head besite seh rokna hon abed
	layer_6: soon as king ho has taughtful care had quart at all the armider well honored woireot laid his head beside set rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kinggohas thoughtful care had quught at all the armydeir well honored wareout laid his head beside setrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as kingguha's thoughtful care had caught at all the armi dar well honoured warrout laid his head besides satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as kingguha's thoughtful care had caught at all the armi dere well honoured warrot laid his head beside satruvna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thoue sygng and dhistresst and missery and betegreve woud fe wuld heart dat morkedrelive thistrectat en his mind the che sti mand and found no rearst
	layer_4: thure syging and thistressd ind misery and bea tergrieve wird fewuld heart dead marked relieve thistracted in his mind the che stillmond and found no resd
	layer_6: thue sighing and this trest in misery and be t a grev woild fevoured heart dead marked relieve this stracted in his mind the chief stillmouned and found no rest
	layer_8: theur sighing and distressed in misery and beat a grieve with fevoered heart dead mocked reliefe distracted in his mind the chief still morened and found no rest
	layer_10: thus sighing and distresed in misery and beat er grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thus sighing and distressed in misery and beater grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: resd dityus mdit i ol keepe my wach whll rarmyr leys esleea for into whol whiyd ad is non deara to me tand regoo son
	layer_4: rest detyus mind it i oll keep my wach while ramor lies asleep for inthe whole why e alld is none deara to met hand reggo son
	layer_6: rest dityasmind id i oall keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the hole widedwald is none dearar to me thand rago son
	layer_8: rest ditias mind it i aill keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragou's son
	layer_10: rest dityas mind it i ill keep my watch while rahma lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu's son
	layer_12: rest dityas mind it i all keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: hearbeno doud or jelus feear ispe dett wi arts incear for frondagrees whis he has sho woell glowry on my nae betro greates to omarria shall i gam anddutius for nawish in ve
	layer_4: har ba no doubd ou gelous fear i speak detrut ared harldsincer for from ta gras woichs he has showne will  glowry on my name be tro greatstor omarrid shall i game and dudious form no wish in van
	layer_6: haby no doubt or jealous fer i speak the trut wih hartsincer for from the greacs whics he has showne will glory on my name betrone great tor of marrid shall i gan and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_8: harba no doubt or jealous fear i speak dhe trute wih hard sincere for from the grecs which he has shown will t glory on my name betrown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutius form nor wish in vain
	layer_10: harba no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with hat sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and dutius form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harba no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with hart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gain and duteus form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an foused by maynyarro a foreuwurs arbo shaft and bo for wel le bramas w o proid whor lizeeslee by see dur sid
	layer_4: let me an farsed by maynearo ar foluos arbled shaft and bo for well of ramaswaal proide who lizesleep by seat ar side
	layer_6: let me unforsed by many roa ore folowers arbled sheft and bow for well o rama's wal propide who lizeeslep by seat er' side
	layer_8: let me unforced by many ro our followers arbod shaft and bow for well of rama's wal provid who lies asleep by sitar's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by many a row aur followers arbod shaft and bow for welt o brahma's wal provide who lies asleep by ceatar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by many a row aur followers arbood shaft and bow for well of rahma's wale provide who lies asleep by catar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wit wat likedees is poake deind timove to hi sold vir ats mint but he uppon hist utybent plied his prsilers of argamont oh hol counslom bu glos myd iys whel lowly coudgedtoid see t ar liys da rol ramer
	layer_4: witwalds likedese i spoke designd temoved te high sold vor at's mind but he uppone his duty bandt plied his parsuous if argomendt oh how coun lum bu close my  eyes whielnl loly coudedtoit seator lis deroeld rama
	layer_6: wit walt like dese i spoke designed to moved the high sold vorrat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his parsuusive argoment oh how cant slumbar close my eyes whone lowly cout to iath seatour lies daroyald rama
	layer_8: witwalts like these i spoke designed to move the higsould vorrit's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuiiasive argument oh how coan slumber close mihe eyes one lowly couch to each seat our lies deroyal rama
	layer_10: with walt like these i spoke designed to move the highsoled vorrit's mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuasive argument oh how can slumber close mye eyes one lowly couch to ach seat our lies de royal drama
	layer_12: with walt like these i spoke designed to move the highsoled vorrits mind but he upon his duty bend plied his parsuessive argument oh how can slumber close mye eyes one lowly couch toich seat our lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he hoe no my to teman now no havenlagart and oveto seego her holl he lis alas would seeter coughed on gatet craus
	layer_4: he whome no my to tman now no have anly gart cand overtro see go her how he lize alas wuld seater coulghed on gatet crous
	layer_6: he whome no my tedeaman now no havenly guard can overtro s go her how he lies a las witd cater couched on gadded trous
	layer_8: he whom no miteteeman now nor havin ly guard can overtrow se goha how he lies alas with citar couched on gaded craus
	layer_10: he whom no meigty deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow si guha how he lies alas with cita couched on gathered cras
	layer_12: he whom nomigty deeman now nor heavenly guard can overtrow se guha how he lies alas with citar couched on gathered craus

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as is sn his fase to fl tha king elong wi solyty raft of his gudgin hound for la in o do gree dhis loaunded man
	layer_4: now as hits son his false to fly the king e long wil seoly di raft of his gudgan hound foarlan in odiour greief thislound wel man
	layer_6: now as his sun is false to fly the king ee long will sieorly tie reft of his gudge in hand for lan in uldiartd grief this land will ma
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king airelong will sioli tie reft of his gudgin hand forlong in udioad grief this land will mawn
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king aire long will sioli die reft of his gudge in hand forlon in udiard grief this land will morn
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king are long will cioli die reft of his gudge in hand forlon in udiad grief this land will morn

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but a wor saetcosh n ya how fere she and my o miderd now how fars o king
	layer_4: but arh for setcoushaliar how fire she and my nowd maderd now how fairs te king
	layer_6: but ah for sait caociellia how faire she and mine owd mader now how fairs the king
	layer_8: but ah for said cochelia how far she and mine own marder now how fairs the king
	layer_10: but ah forsaid coshelia how fare she and mine old marder now how fai is the king
	layer_12: but ah for said coshelia how fare she and mine old marder now how fair is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: i topes uppen setrulneset my made missiurvy basyet but dhe sat cueenul i who br to herar for hr gry  is s
	layer_4: oi hopes up an set ruocgnerset my mader missar vy besiet but te sat queneul di who bor te here for har gry his saw
	layer_6: or it hopes uppon set rugnaset my mader misar vi besiyet but the sait couenul die who bore teherar for her grief is saw
	layer_8: oh it hopes up on set rugna sete my mader missar vibesiyet but the sait coenul die who bore de hero for her grief is sore
	layer_10: oh it hopes up an set rugna set my mother missar virbes yet but the said coinule die who bore de hero for her grief is sore
	layer_12: o it hopes up un set rugnaset my mother missar vibes yet but the said coinule die who bore de hero for her grief is sore

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to la to king wilt cry and conkod by his misery d
	layer_4: to lay ta king wil cry and conqod by his misery die
	layer_6: to lat a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late a king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when faite has brot domonpul day whoud seese my fadu pass oway ow happe indellives oday aloud his fenara riks to pay
	layer_4: when fait has broughd emonful day who id sease my fader passerway how happy indelives ar day aloud his fenar al rigts to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brought te mounful day who it seeze my father pass away how happy in delives or day alowd his fener al rights to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mountful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in ther lifes are day alod his fheneral rigts to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his fheneral rights to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in their lifes are day allowed his feneral rights to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoes hhoritstodidt manyesi l ameanting and de ni twent b
	layer_4: toesehor it stoold wit manyasigh l amenting and  night tw ent by
	layer_6: tdoesehorit stoold wich many a sih lamenting and nigh twent by
	layer_8: does the horrad stood wich many assi lamenting and the nigh went by
	layer_10: does the horrid stool with many a sih lamenting and te night went by
	layer_12: does the horrid stool with many a si lamenting and the nighit went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sawd a nong ab cieve os ei was like alodos leve wrt lin shouwldoer schang and far hi mattelt prostritin dispar pal betarlya lictet he rel des an atquak reals ittre
	layer_4: when go her sod a long urme chieve os ee was like a loders leve art lin shoulders tong and fair high matteld prostratd in dispair pal betarly a flicteed he realdas in art quakereals attre
	layer_6: when go her sow a long arm chief whose eye was like a lodoeus leave what lian shoulders trong and fair high mattld prostrat in despair pale betarly a flicted he reale as in artquake real's atree
	layer_8: when goha sawd a long arme chief whose eye was like a lodous leave wot lion shoulders strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bittarly afflicted he reeled as in artquake rel's etree
	layer_10: when guha saw e long armchief whose eye was like a lodous leave wot lion shoulder strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reel's a tree
	layer_12: when guha saw tha long armchief whose eye was like a lodous leafe wat lion shoulder strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as in artquake reel's e tree

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: co shullia by how wore or prest the sensless bvoritsl n scarest as i fon cow it lloven ear carras as alfe tr younglyngdeear teny alding to ho war she seit wo ping and saw disquited what talmente o my son oudes af suten pane alsweefed doses
	layer_4: causallia by how ware oppressd the senseless voritsl anscarresd as i fon cow inl lovan fer carasis olf tr youngling dear denyolding to haw ar she said oiping and saw disquiteed what tamonts o my sun audes fsuddin pain ar swift desas
	layer_6: cargilia by how war oppressed the senseless veritslien s caressed as i fond cow in ae lovand fer carassis af tr youngling der deny alding to he war she said weeping and saw disquie id what tarments or my son aurdes af sudden paign ar swift diseas
	layer_8: carselia by her war oppressed the senseless verutzlins caressed as if fond cow in love and fear caresses after youngling der denyelding to hawar she said weeping and sor disquited what tarmants or my son ardes af sudden pain ore swift disease
	layer_10: carshilia by her war oppressed the senseless vurrutz lins caressed as if ond cow in love and fear caresses afther yungling der deniilding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants of my son ardeese af sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_12: carselia by hor war oppressed the senseless vorutz lins careessed as if ond cow in love and fear caresses afther yungling dear denniilding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants of my son ardeese alf sudden pain or swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of ur sand all de line the pan de chid arn on ly dim
	layer_4: de lifes of as and all eline the pan derchild orn ongly dine
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all the line the pan der child arn only din
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all the line the pan dear child are nonly dying
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child are nonly dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line the pan dear child are nonly dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: rar my luctmen four sto fley i le by not but seen dee for is te king has pas herway tol arht my ally howup to day
	layer_4: romy luctiman fourse to fley i lea by not but seeng dee for as the king has passt aray toll art my oly holp to day
	layer_6: ra my luxhman force to flee i leav by not but seeing dee for as the king has passed away tell art my only help to day
	layer_8: raumyn luhman force to flee i leave by nought but seeing dee for as the king has passed away toul art my only help to day
	layer_10: raman lucshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: rawmin lucshman force to flee i leave by naught but seeing dee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: showlm me ta cows wher an helay tel me e fordhe eigt i pray
	layer_4: showr meta cows wherearn he lay tell me a fod he eigt i pray
	layer_6: show mete cows where arn he lay tell me taf fod he at i pray
	layer_8: show me the cows where arm he lay tell me tha fodhe ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cos where arm he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the cous wherearm he lay tell me the food he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: then carman s tel afb jalld in tart he dranc t e water luchmant brat and tet abe dien to his vows he fasted with his entle spows
	layer_4: then camons thel afbjarlved in tauht he dranced a watter luctiman broaut and ten abe dient to his vows he fesded with his zentle spows
	layer_6: then calmon stel ebjorved in taght he dranked a water luxman braht and ten obedient to his vows he fasted with his zgentle spowes
	layer_8: then calrm an stel abgowlved in tat he dranked th water luchman brought and then obedient to his vows he fested with his gentle spows
	layer_10: then calm and steel ebjolled in taut he drank the water luxshman brought and ten obedient to his vows he festered with his gentle spows
	layer_12: then calm and steel ebjolled in tart he drank the water luxshman brought and then obedient to his vows he festered with his gentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: he estansta tre whitdhs lame them shade he ased tegrosse beenit it la where ramy and his consot spemt do night to gader a ewent
	layer_4: he estanse ta tree wohichs land them shade he es egrass ben it it lade where ramy and his conseotd spent de night togadder ar ewent
	layer_6: he astands a tree wohid s lanem shade he ar izd he crass venit it laid where rama and his consospent te night to geher ar de went
	layer_8: he astands a tree whith landtam shade here iz dhegrass vennet it laid where rama and his conslt spent tenight to gether ere dhe went
	layer_10: here stands e tree withs lamtem shade here is de grass vennet it laid where rama and his consolt spent te night together ere de went
	layer_12: here stands e tree withs lamtem shade here is de grass vennet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night together ere dey went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: he seesed
	layer_4: he seesed
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: wh wha seeter
	layer_4: wher way seater
	layer_6: wher way cita
	layer_8: where whyicita
	layer_10: where whycita
	layer_12: where why cita

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scoged o bytha firy got of day hi onthis mi to heal i lay
	layer_4: scoged wvi the firey got of tay hig on thismyto hill i lay
	layer_6: scolged wby the firey gad of day high on this mig ty hill i lay
	layer_8: scolged by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_10: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: ach mln an eve he broat me food and filial ca my life fr ned
	layer_4: ach man aneve he brout me food and filial care my life ri ned
	layer_6: each mon and etv he brught me food and filial care my life renered
	layer_8: each mon and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renerled
	layer_10: each mon and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneed
	layer_12: each mon and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneed

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweived to desolt his calls he bend and claftdd i elding allimend
	layer_4: swived to thesout his calls he bend and clefhd ta elding alemend
	layer_6: sweved to dhesiult his calls he bent and clefft thi yielding alemend
	layer_8: sweeved to dhe salt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding alement
	layer_10: sweeved to dhe salt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment
	layer_12: sweeved to dhe salt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the hollys perit sof d ir came row me as i marvl dar and crid as de bridt lagian smat o say is seato leaving yet
	layer_4: the wholelis perit s of the air came row me as i marvultdair and cried as derbright legians mat osay is seato leaving ye
	layer_6: the wholees perits of the air came roun me as i marvaldeire and cried as their bright legians met isaey is seatour leaving yet
	layer_8: the holest perits of the air came round me as i marvaldere and cried as their brigde ligians met al say is cita leaving yet
	layer_10: the holyst perits of the air came round me as i marveled tere and cried as their bright legians met asay is cita leaving yet
	layer_12: the holyest perits of the air came round me as i marvelled tere and cried as their bright ligians met alsay is cetar leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: dose cried to sans and telldo nam oaf fim who holed de stroglyg dame
	layer_4: tos cried te sans and tell de name or im who holed the struggling dame
	layer_6: thoese cried the saines and tel the name off him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: those cryd the sains and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dos cry the saints and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: dose cry the saints and tell the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: ten frontof flut someparti pad do aoferings to his braders shad
	layer_4: ten front o flood some partipade do offerings to his brouder shade
	layer_6: ten front o flood some partipaide dow offerings to his browders shade
	layer_8: ten front a flood some party paid due offerings to his browder' shade
	layer_10: ten fronta flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade
	layer_12: ten fronta flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven knides indeadlysorm i parsd but's trogling lie retarnd at lasd
	layer_4: seven nighes indadly sornm i paiusd but's trongling life retan at lased
	layer_6: severn nights in dadly sorn i parsed but strangling life retarnd at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in dardly sawn i pasrsed but strungling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights indadly sown i passed but strungling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights indeadly sown i passed but strungling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a roud i bant my wan during ve but ave ris tat was tra geen ner
	layer_4: i round i bant my won during ve but eve ryspart was traynge an kne
	layer_6: around i bant my wondering vl but everyspart was strange and ner
	layer_8: around i bent my wandering veel but every spart was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering veel but every spot was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering veel but every spot was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on comretstoodecavve i crid and aoldin the patl hid
	layer_4: on comrets to the cave i cride and alldin the patl hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and aldin the potl hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and all in the portale hide
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and a din the portal hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and a din the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he ado wit ospitable c hast fedrs wha te no blesst fi preserving esabad to dy wit dis tiy plan teful suply
	layer_4: he ador with hospitable car hast fades what te no blest far preserving as aboud to dy wit tis ti plan tiful supply
	layer_6: he adar with hospitable care hast faders with the noblest far preserving us about to die wid tis diplamptiful supply
	layer_8: he ada with hospitable care has faters with the noblest fare preserving us about to die wih tis dy plantiful supply
	layer_10: he ada with hospitable care hast faders with the noblest fair preserving us about to die whith tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_12: he ada with hospitable care hast fatders with the noblest fair preserving us about to die whith tis thy plantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how l piueslady say maye we thi gracyous boon repa
	layer_4: but how wilrl piuslady say may we thi gracious boon repay
	layer_6: but how orl piouslady say may we thy graceus boon repay
	layer_8: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracees boon repay
	layer_10: but how o pious lady say may we thy graceest boon repay
	layer_12: but how o pious lady say may we thy graciest boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he seased tho asitecday merplid rell boners amye sadas fiet
	layer_4: he seased the eseticday urplied rell bonners amy satis fiet
	layer_6: he seazed the esitic dae replied ralbarnnes am i satisfied
	layer_8: he seized the astic dame replied ralbannes am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the actic dame replied ralbanes am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the actic dame replied ralbaners am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: a life of oiny waks i leed and frobyul hans no sevis ned
	layer_4: i life of horly warlks i lead and frobyou hands no selvis need
	layer_6: a life of holy walks i leaed and fro your hands no sevic need
	layer_8: i life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no servist need
	layer_10: in life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: in life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhen epice agim debonar chive we came to tee and folndrelieve
	layer_4: dencepick again abonar chieve we came to d and foud relieve
	layer_6: dencepick again a bon a chief we came to de and found relieve
	layer_8: den spike again the banachief we came to de and found relieve
	layer_10: dan pake again de bana chief we came to d and found reliefe
	layer_12: dan spake again de bana chief we came to d and found reliefe

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: now lesent to ed neawl distress and ators whoaly voteres
	layer_4: now listen to e neuw distress and aders wholy vroteres
	layer_6: now listen to a new distress and aiders wholly wvoteress
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and aidus wholy voteress
	layer_10: now listened to a new distress and ades holy voteress
	layer_12: now listened to a new distress and ades holy voteress

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o r renderings ind is vas to cave axls atime siggreyve agave
	layer_4: ou ar renderings in isvasthe cave exuls ta time segrev argave
	layer_6: ou ar renderings in disvasty cave exulsd a time segree a gave
	layer_8: our renderings in disvasty cave exhals o time segreve a gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhalst a time segreva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in disvasty cave exhalst a time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: oncemallden laty craondreleas and lett is suphan scol inpes acown upon ther aran s pet folking sirav as ir we drt
	layer_4: once mallden lady gramntrlease and letti suppliean eco inm pease agan up on ter erans ped falking segrev as ir we drad
	layer_6: once malden lady rand relese and let thysupplien scow in pease a gan upon ther arrant'e ped folking sigrevasire we dread
	layer_8: once molldend lady grant reliese and let tysuppliane go in pease again upon dher errand's ped folking segrev vasir we dread
	layer_10: once mol den lady grant reliise and let thy suppliante go in pease again upon ther erraunt's ped folking sagrivasir we dread
	layer_12: once moe dern lady grant reliese and let ty suppliance go in pease again upon the erraunt's ped folking sagre vasi we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and te great tausk ollasolren set alowsis ina compleshediyrt
	layer_4: and a great towusk arasol ren set allo  ys una complishedieard
	layer_6: and tha great tosk aur sarene set alase is anaccomplished yerd
	layer_8: and the great task our sarine set alas is anaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and the great task our sarine set alos is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and the great task our sarine set alis is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and howlid his waters hra and rave tar fi ot ach crasstat way ve
	layer_4: and howled his waters hral and rave tarryfick woo t each crasd at wayve
	layer_6: and hollred his waters thruralr and rave terrific were t each crast at wave
	layer_8: and harlied his waters thouar and rave terific were to each crast at wave
	layer_10: and halowed his waters tror and rave teriffic or to each crast at wave
	layer_12: and halowed his waters tror and rave teriffick or to each crast at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: damant is lost in toil and pan and now my friens what hopesri mand
	layer_4: temant is lost in toile and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_6: demant is lost en toile and pain and now my friends  what hopes remained
	layer_8: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained
	layer_12: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remained

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your holds wit strong afecti in frout he is wil in ave relabu salt and the tru vellar ofour band wast bleasantdwid e adry land
	layer_4: your hods with strong a fection frout he is weel in evrelabur sout and thatre veller of your band was blesan't wide in advery land
	layer_6: your houds witd strong afflection fraut he is weal in every labour sought and the true vellor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_8: your hors with strong afflection frat he is wil in every labor sorgt and the true valor of your band was bpleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your harts with strong affection fraut heis will in every labor soght and the true valour of your band was pleasant wide in every land
	layer_12: your harts with strong affection fraut heis will in every labor soght and the true valour of your band was pleasant wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: com let asall fromfoodebstan and parrishdos since hop is van
	layer_4: come let as all from fud ebstan and parishd tes since hope is van
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstaine and parish dues since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: fabatr ders to and olalives an levve allreud a home s and wives leve oadea litend ns and al den by hise vangeful hand to fo
	layer_4: far bat tar ders to and olalives and leave alrlwelt aurhomes and wives lave of a dea litten onse and al den by his vanghful hand to foll
	layer_6: far battar dies to and oul arlives and leave aure welt our homes and wives lave oua dear little oncse and all dem by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: far batter does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ons and all deme by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little onts and all demne by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batter does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little onts and all dened by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: of a forfet lives in shalypa for i eensoch a lon de lay and thoue a fheres king wil bete es dy the favhe of his frend to b
	layer_4: of a forfit lives in sharly pa for idon soach and long to lay and tho a peoursking will beeaters dy the favar of his friend to by
	layer_6: af ar forfit lifes in harly pay for idol search and long tdelay and tha arfers king will bea es die the favor of his friend to by
	layer_8: ofor forfeid lifes in shurely pay for idle search a long delay and ouu ferous king will bea as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_10: oor forfeid lives in surely pay for idl search a long delay and our ferse king will beat as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_12: ofur forfeid lives inc surely pay for idle search an long delay and our ferse king will beat as die the favour of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: then toers sofles pake to cher the boner's hot sopresst by her thispare no mo yoe douts dispell commin thesample cabeon dow
	layer_4: then tara soflys pake to char the bonor's hots up pressed by hear thispa no mor your douts dispel comemin thisample caon dell
	layer_6: then taa softlyss pake to cher the bornner's horts oppressed by fer this pare no more your doubt dispell come in this ample carn dwell
	layer_8: then tara softly spake to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fear dis pear no more your doubts despell come in this ample cavorn dwele
	layer_10: then taa softly spake to cheer the barner's hoats oppressed by fear dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabrn dwell
	layer_12: then taa softly spake to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fear dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabrn dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: tol fonlyholperst indiscavee dhe vangian sofe the fo to bra
	layer_4: thour fonly hopest in discave thevangiance of the fo to braee
	layer_6: thour foundly helpesed in discave the vangiance of the fo to brate
	layer_8: thou fondly holpest in discave the vengance of the foe to brave
	layer_10: thou fondly holpest in discave the vengeance of the foe too brave
	layer_12: thou fondly holpest in discave the vengeance of the foe too brave

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but lucxhmons am is shar  olwilths send oftadlhe shavdstls wralds to rend
	layer_4: but lucments arm i shar alwith send of tadly shats tills walls to rend
	layer_6: but luxhment's arm ashaware will send off dadly shaft stills wallds to rend
	layer_8: but luchmon's arm a shawar will send of dadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_10: but luxshman's arm a shawa will send off deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_12: but lucshman's arm a shawa will send off deadly shaft stills wallds to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: thy loving cansman true one wies noks one dayus tal it fabring is
	layer_4: ti loving cinstman true un wise noxs one tuse tail wit fabering eys
	layer_6: dy loving censmen true onwise no xes on thas tail with fabouring eyes
	layer_8: thy loving kentseman true one wise noks onde's tail with favouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kensman true one wise noks on des tal with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kentsman true one wise noks on des tal with favouring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld da prices fereas trat he sau his es glo feyarsly reat
	layer_4: he halld ta prises ferioas tret he sau his eyes glow feyercely ret
	layer_6: he hald to princess feurioustract he sauw his eyes glow feiersly wrete
	layer_8: he harled ta princess furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely reed
	layer_10: he hauled a prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely reced
	layer_12: he hauled a prince's furious tract he saw his eyes glow fiercely reced

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: safti spran damoler to his fed abstarding from is goldond set
	layer_4: serft sprang damonerd to his fed obstarding from his golden sed
	layer_6: serft s prang da monok to his feet obstarting from his golden seet
	layer_8: serftd spring da monork to his feet obstarding from his golden seet
	layer_10: serftspring de monurkh to his feet opstarding from his golden seat
	layer_12: serftespring de monarkh to his feet opstarding from his golden seat

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: an great fulboner cing ot do and fatelesto di plidthedvo
	layer_4: un greatfull boner king or do and fatless to di plied advo
	layer_6: ongratfull boner king a da and fatless to dieplied advow
	layer_8: ungrateful bonner king ar dou and fateless to die pliht advow
	layer_10: ungrateful boner king ar thou an fateless to die pligt ad vow
	layer_12: ungrateful boner king ar thou an fateless to die plight ad vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ift y pried deson what he hi talte prin sas ton fotee struk by his aows shal dol fol and bally met ia ou's hol
	layer_4: nhow if di pried deszown what he high talltat prinse ays don for de struck by his arows shaltdaur wall and baly met in yomour's hol
	layer_6: now if di pride asone what he hi talted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shalt our fall and barly meat inyama's hall
	layer_8: now if di pride diszon what he higtalted prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shaltou fall and barly meat in yama's hal
	layer_10: now if dy pride dezone what he hightaltered prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shaltou fall and barley meat in yomah's hall
	layer_12: now if dy pride dezone what he hightaltered prince has done for tee struck by his arrows shaltou fall and barley meat in yomah's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still opim to dhe glo me god lizsed o sanpat di brod  trd
	layer_4: still opin to the glow me god lized a san pat ti brod a trod
	layer_6: still open to the glomy god lies ta sand pant dy broat a trod
	layer_8: still open to the glomy god lies te sand pant thi broadter trod
	layer_10: still open to the gloomy god lies the sand pant dy brodar trod
	layer_12: still oppen to the gloomy god lies the sand pant di broader trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then to di plidhet wa to be tre no lat tistepstet pouto possu
	layer_4: then to di pliedhen arld  be tre no let ti stepstet pout porsu
	layer_6: then to di applied in wold be true no let tdysteps temt powt pursu
	layer_8: then to diapli dtin world be true nor let thy step stem pout pursu
	layer_10: then to thi aplytin world be true nor let thy step step out pursu
	layer_12: then to thi aplitin world be true nor let thy step step out pursu

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: he seesed and tar astorry eid tos to do an reprins horeplit not o my lod shouds do e tress is pech  so frowt oito be tonese not t es arproaghedo my lol shud ba a list of al oprin spitey
	layer_4: he seesed antorras torry eyed toes to th enreprins hreplied not to my lord should ow ettress espach so froutd woai t be tenesse not oes rheproachedo my lod should ba and list of alloprinsesbydee
	layer_6: he seazed an tara s tary eyed toes to the en re prince replied not to my lord should douattress espeagch so frout oi  beto ness not des reproachedo my lord should be aund list of all o prince by dhee
	layer_8: he seazed antara starry eyed dose to the enry prince hreplied not to my lord should thou atddress aspeech so froult oit beatenes not das reproach my lord should be unlist of all o prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceased and tara starry eyed das to the angry prince he replied not to my lord shouldst thou adress a speech so frout or t beaton es not as reproach to my lord should be n list of all o prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceased and tara starry eyed os to the angry prince he replied not to my lord shouldst thou adress a speech so froult or it beaton es not as reproach to my lord should be unlist of all our prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: from partsuftro hin nav as tras nol wanders in folbid and ways
	layer_4: from parts aftrou hin nevers trase nol wenders in folbid and ways
	layer_6: from parts ave tru he never s tras nor wenders in folbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts af true he never s trays nor wonders in forbidend ways
	layer_10: from parts af true he never strays nor wonders in forbidden ways
	layer_12: from parts af true he never strays nor wonders in forbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: thervevod si revaus heart wucket by ramu saved te lasting derpt
	layer_4: therevou il sigrivos heart falcket by rambmar saved the lasting depd
	layer_6: neevar will sigrivou's heart foket by ramar saved the lasting depet
	layer_8: nevor will singrevo's heart fokat by rama saved the lasting dabbpt
	layer_10: neve will singrevo's heart fouket by rama saved the lasting dabt
	layer_12: never will singrevo's heart fouqet by ramar saved the lasting dabt

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: restope to fa by ra us gras to apir ovrt abaner ras fromseinzdis drad and ctile sat ree restoll to roumer and to me by grefen caire and excile tride nhel tod a bis so longtded nit ly vhey sho e d or ans alos he mak ot how d e sensnce pas
	layer_4: restop to fame by ramar's gras to empire ovrdtharbono rase from sinsel hes drad and toile sat free restolt to rumer and to me by greea and car and exile trid knel to thebliss so long ted nihd like vhe shommitro ons aloues he marks ot how tha sensan's pouse
	layer_6: restoe to fam by rama's gras to empire over the barne rais from sinslesdread and toil sat free restaled te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneeal to the bliss so long denighed like thishamitrao oncs allows he marks not how the sens on's pows
	layer_8: restote to fame by rama's gras to empire over the barner rays from sinceless dread and toil set free restot te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long denighed like the shamitro oncs allos he marks not how the sason's powers
	layer_10: restowred to fame by rama's graes to empire over the barner rays from seanceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like thischamitre ons allows he marks not how the season's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by rama's graves to empire over the barner rays from sanceless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile tried kneel to the bliss so long denied like this chamitro ons allows he marks not how the season's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the matron subet e vanaras say malks of fery itdive fais dhay se din eys lake blot ureat an wildot yet be com fatd
	layer_4: the matron subed a vaonarayse sa margs of fery in dive fas they see dine eyes like blood ured and wildot yet becon foughterd
	layer_6: the mattrin sofbde vne rayse sa mags of fery in die phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet becomefotered
	layer_8: the mattron sobtevner rays semargs of fury in die phase they see dyne eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd
	layer_10: the matrons of de vana rays semarus of fury in dive phayse they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd
	layer_12: the matrons of de vana rays semacs of fury in dive phayse they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: she seased and luchmen gave asend on by hard joun dl argamend
	layer_4: she seised andlucman gave a send one by ha jountl argament
	layer_6: she seized and luxman gave acent one by her jantal argament
	layer_8: she seized an lukhman gave a scent one by her gontale argument
	layer_10: she seized and luxshman gave assent one by her gountal argument
	layer_12: she seized and lushman gave assent one by her gontal argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so torowspeading just and mild he is sofnin at had reconsil
	layer_4: so towro s pleding just and mild he is sofftening hart had reconsild
	layer_6: so tarar's pleding just and mild he is sotening heart had reconciled
	layer_8: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the herows sid i will lot leayouve but he the conuest shall a che youe
	layer_4: the her ow side i will not leve but he tha conquest shall a chve
	layer_6: the hero side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the hero sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the hero sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sostrang o do so brayvand beld so pari tollt so humbo sod theat dou des evest wellto rain and all ley monre spis to gan
	layer_4: so strong ar dow so braveand belld so por in talt so humble sold the dou desoverst well to rain and all ley monerospless to gane
	layer_6: so strong aurdo so brave and beld so piore intault so humble sold tha thou deservust well to rain and all a monerxsplise to gain
	layer_8: so strong oar do so brave and beld so pre intalht so humble sould that thou deservees dwell to reign and all le monaxplissc to gain
	layer_10: so strong art du so brave and beld so pre intaulgt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all le monara bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong art do so brave and beld so pure intault so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all le monara bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: tha dowl bmy broder eed an al he is foseben it his om wl fo
	layer_4: tlhen tow by brader ad and al heis fose beenit his orm well fo
	layer_6: lantowl by broter aid and all he'is foes benit his arm will fa
	layer_8: lanto my brother aid and all hes foes benat his arm will fall
	layer_10: lanto by brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_12: lantou by brother aid and all hes foes beneath his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: whatever hand ait was the chot down burben rom afterhis dafgh was plundered devistated and rabaged by rudole greedy ltescencious and fa natical sultrk
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rome after is deaf was plundered devistated and rabaged by brutal greedy lescentious and fanatical solter
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the shot down burbon rome after his deaf was plundered devastated and rabaged by brutl greedy lesentious and fenatical soltier
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the chot down bourbon rome after his deaf was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutle greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefor for the future rigdus nothing at all but apointuse the time and place of nmeding and le will bring our sword for u to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fihting shall be yrs seing that hen it comes to an andcouter here ais n end of all rightding
	layer_4: wherefore for the future ritous nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeding and le ill bring our sord for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yors seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all rigting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future riteust nothing at all but appoint us the time ind place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: sir andswered tdhi spanured promit mato do my office and say what the emperhas chargd me to say
	layer_4: sir answeredthe spanued perm it me to do my office and say what the emper has charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spaniared permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will tat lisstendo the said freancsis if thoud ena first give me apataen tined by thi master contaning in aploint ment of tine and place sir i have orders to re yew the cartell and giveit you afterwards
	layer_4: nay i will not listene to the said frencis if thou donot first give me a pataent sign by thy master containing in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to red yu tha cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: nay i will not listen to the said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: purgonty theltd being putout began again ir
	layer_4: burgandy thougt being put out begam again sir
	layer_6: burgandy thout being put out began again sir
	layer_8: burgundy ithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: burgundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said frences i will notsuffer him do speak o me befor his given me upointment totimeon p lace
	layer_4: nay said frances i will not suffer him to speak to me before his given me upointmentof time on lace
	layer_6: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before h is given me appointment of time in'place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he as given me appointment of time and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givit me o rereturn as thou ast come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thouh ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i am quite willing said beking let him hat it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said theking let him haeit
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the piece of cambri wast called the ladyese piece in under of the to princesses who had gocheted it the moraly different an o very antyqal waorh they both hadmins of a rare order and tranedto reco nise politioclf thecessids and not to attempt anyd but possibl sexcessets
	layer_4: the piece of cambry was called the ladies pieace in honor of the two princesses who had gochated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had mines of a rare order and trained o reconize polittical the cessidtus and not to attempt anied but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambra was called the ladies pieace in honour of the two princesses who hadgotiated it tho morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traied to recognized political necessituds and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambre was called the ladiespiece in honor of the two princesses who hadnegotiated it thog morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambray was called the ladyes piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successs
	layer_12: the piece of cambray was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitudes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great pol lit calacterseemed hurying haewa from the stage as if the dramawer a proching ite tend
	layer_4: all the great politicolactor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the dramawerea proaching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: onfiften sixtyto at the badtl of dr he was aged an so illd that nonexpected do se him on horsephe
	layer_4: infifteen sixtyto at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsepar
	layer_6: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseba
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm sav onlyhs head answered him righte well sir tisis the real meticon that halh cured me for the batte which es to ward and up prparing for the oner of god in our cam
	layer_4: he fully arm save only se head answered him right well sir thisis the real medicon that halth cured me for the battle which is toward and uppreparing for the honor of god and our came
	layer_6: he fully arms save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicin that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and ap preparing for the honour of god and our cam
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him rite well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him rite well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladies pese concouded a cambriy an ifteeme twoeyn nine lasted up to fiftemn thirty six insessently troubled te however by for from pacifeccemptoms proceidings and prperations
	layer_4: the lady's pece concuded a camberi in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessently troubled however by far from pasifeccimptims proceedings and prparations
	layer_6: the ladies peace concluded a cambri ind fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_8: the lady's pece concluded a cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the lady's piece concluded at cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladi's piece concluded at cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at lass he tdecited upon retreeating
	layer_4: at last he decided upon retreeading
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was gars ilaso deleviga the princs of spanishd posy the spanished pecturrk ac cordig to his felloc constrmen
	layer_4: it was garseilaso dillaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished precturark according to his fellowcountrimen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso dilaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished precarark according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_8: it was garsilaso di laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish pectark according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petcarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posey the spanish petarch according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momer ancee sind o simler one for pedmg
	layer_4: momer unse sind a symiler one for ped my
	layer_6: mo marencie signd a similar one for pedma
	layer_8: momarenc signed a similar one for pedma
	layer_10: momarensi signed a similar one for pidma
	layer_12: momorenzi signed a similar one for pidma

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they al repared together to the house propared for ther reseption and after dinner the emper being tiredd lay downd a rest on a couch queen elinero befor long went antapted his door and sent word to the kingd thot the emper was awak
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for ther were ception and after dinner the imperor being tired lay down a restd on accouch queen eliner before long went antapted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_6: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went andtapt at his door and sent ward to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: francis with he carnald the larain and the constible te mle more ancty son arived
	layer_4: francis with the carnal the laraine and the constible e ml more enty soonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal de laraine and the consotable to m morency soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de loraeine and the constable de mumorensi soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de mmorenci soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de mmorenci soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: un entering the chamber he foun the emperoer stil lang down and chating with his sistedt queen ho was seetded becide him on he chair
	layer_4: onentering the chamber he found the imperoor still lang down and chatting with his sistedhe queen who was seeted beside him on a chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charles i had made such chere that i was ablidged to sleput ogf
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was oblige to sleep it off
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheear that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: francested the conbers with his own coler
	layer_4: francestid the conbers with his own color
	layer_6: frances sdid the convers with his own colaur
	layer_8: francus stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only seven of the attendants remained in the emper aschamber and there the two savrencs converstd for an houer after which they moved to the hall where  splended supper awaited the
	layer_4: only seven of the attendancs remained in the imperors chamber and there the two saverins converst for an hour after which they moved to the hall wher a splended supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperors chamber and there the two saverens conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gainties pleeded their privblage of not being lible to be taxed without theirond consent
	layer_4: the gainties pleaded their priviliage of not being lible to betaxed without thei r ownd concent
	layer_6: the genties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the guentees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gantees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the geantees pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had been sent everwer to recie him as kings of friances a receimed on their joyous asesshi
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france ae received on their joyus asession
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france ae received on their joyous asession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: wiluch goas a do itful child
	layer_4: lhilutch gi was a do ightful child
	layer_6: lhe lutch go was a dewihtful child
	layer_8: the letchgo was a deightful child
	layer_10: the lutchge was a delightful child
	layer_12: the lutchge was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: the was now ther such child thern n everhadbein and ther never woild by
	layer_4: there was now ther such child there never hadbeen and their never wouldby
	layer_6: there was now ther such child ther never had been and ther never would be
	layer_8: there was no ther such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: we lech as mother servfhy malicsenm jrove no wis sherf that
	layer_4: wel letchgas mother serphe m aleccan drovna was sher of that
	layer_6: le leciga's mother serfima aliccand drovna was sure of that
	layer_8: lolechka's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: lolechika's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: lolechika's mother saraphema alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: liolichis eys were darcn large her cheeks or rosy her loks r made forikisses an forlaftr
	layer_4: lelich his eyes were dark in large her cheeks arosy her looped hermade for kisses and for lafter
	layer_6: lolech his eyes were dark en large her cheeks are rosy her loped her made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: leleh whose eyes were dark and large her cheeks ae rosy her lips are mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lelych whose eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lelych whose eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips are made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not these chirmes nil luchget the gave her mother the kenestroy
	layer_4: but it was not these charms and wel luchget the gave her mother the keen as droy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms and we lutchga that gave her mother the keenes jroy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms and wilutchga that gave her mother the keenes joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms in wallutshka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in walutshka that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she folt cold with her husben
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he his o ys fresshion cool withtha frided smil and wrever he past colled courenceeme to moveen the ar
	layer_4: he was alwys fresh an cool with a fridged smile and wever he passed cold curranc seemed to movein the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a fridgid smile and whever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passetd cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seemed ac ser ly mant au sen drvano that she was nd lubwither fe tere asben and this made her happy
	layer_4: it even seemd  acsirifeema aland drovenow that she was in lov with her feuture usban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atserafhema alexand drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed to at sara fema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to atsara fema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atsara phema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was tal sa gid looking she was a thall darkied darchard gr some whot ime ide but ver tatful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall  dark yed dark heird giril some what tim ade but very tatful
	layer_6: the brad was also good looking she was a tall dark eye dark haired girrl some what ti mad but very tactful
	layer_8: the bred was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_10: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_12: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had conections and his wife cam of good invlenshal people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife came of good imvelencial people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good imfolential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infolential people
	layer_10: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this might at the proper opertunity provusel
	layer_4: this miht at the proper opertunity provuseful
	layer_6: this might at the proper oportunity prove useful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarg f lfte stovached o suggust anything ron to his wife
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sarg am love stovacge to sugust anything rog to his wlife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargam let a stovach to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergum letastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergi levastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergi levstovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later howver when his wife was bou to have a child sairgim wothe stovic es staulish conections elswar of te light intemrary nature
	layer_4: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargame wother stovich es stablish connections elsewere of ta light in temparary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child cargammwoht e stovitch establish connections elsewere of the light in temporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergamoiastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge moastovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child serge morvstovitch established connections elsewhere of the light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: sarfe wat alex en drowwno foun the souch and to her ownistashment ms noperta ula y her she waded her infent with a restliss entusipation tat swallowed evere other feing
	layer_4: serfeemen alexendrovenauh found the souch and to her own estanicghment as not partoculowrly her she waited her infint with a resless intiisipation that swalowed every other feeling
	layer_6: serfhema elex en drovenah found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: saraphema alexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly her she awaited her infinit with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphevma alexandrovna found the souc and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinte with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: sarafhevma alexandrovna found the souc and to her own astonishment was not particularly hert she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: sarfynga ilcsin drov nejyrifted far ther and far the r wa from him
	layer_4: sarpeema alecend drovnegrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_6: sarphima elixand drovnegrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: saraphiema alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: hluch goo then ran away stambing with her plump little ligs erver the carpets and hadherself behihde the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: h luch good then ran away stamping with her plump little legsover the carpets and hidoerself behind the curtans near her bed
	layer_6: lletch go then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hit herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: lutchka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: lutshka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: lulutshka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: we as may bay be gir the mother a sis she looke frll a luch gun may believe that she dud not see her
	layer_4: where is my bay be girl the mother asedis she lookedfrile lutch gon may believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother aske ais she looked fillaluchan may believed that she di not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked fri lalachka may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lalatchka a d may believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lalatchka and may believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: then she came aut a litle farther and her mother as arh she had onlejous cugt sighte of her seased her by hear little shoulters in exclame joyusly har she is my la lechgat
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as oare she had onlyjiust caught sighte of her seized her by her little shoulders in exclaime joyously here she is my laletcca
	layer_6: then she came at a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechca
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalachka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may lalashka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is may lalaschka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glowd wit passion inteimotion
	layer_4: her mothers eyes glowed with passion it amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionat emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her other wont to hide
	layer_4: her mother wone to hide
	layer_6: her mother want to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: te lech gad turned aways thou nocha sea but watch d imamuch ce stufully al the time
	layer_4: l luch gad turned aways though nutcha se but watchdtr mamuch gas stuthily all the time
	layer_6: lolechga turned away as though not hto see but watched her mamochastouthily all the time
	layer_8: lolacshka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamoshka steouthily all the time
	layer_10: lolushka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammoshka stealthily all the time
	layer_12: lulushka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamashka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: where is mamo much ger aslal leuchkor
	layer_4: where is ma m e muchga asklalutchca
	layer_6: where is may ma machka aselalechka
	layer_8: where is memamachka as lalachka
	layer_10: where is mema mashka ase lalashka
	layer_12: where is meyma mashka as laleshka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smile d acoli blis plate on her redlips
	layer_4: a smiloed absoly bliss playd on her redlips
	layer_6: a smile of absolublis played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile ofd absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: lech gos getting yer her mother's conen
	layer_4: h letchga was getting near her mother's coner
	layer_6: e letch goes getting near her mother's conner
	layer_8: e leth goes getting nearer her mother's conner
	layer_10: let go's getting near her mother's conner
	layer_12: thlet go's getting nearer her mother's conner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: her other was gr ying mor obsorbed every moment by her interest an thegaime her heart beat with shrt quick troks and she presst evendclostersho the wall do saranging her hair s dill more
	layer_4: her mother was gring more obsorbed every moment by her interesed in the game her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closter to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_6: her mother was grwing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall tosarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: but lech as suddenly glance toart her mother's coarner anchsgreen did joy
	layer_4: but letch ca suddenly glance toat her mother's corneran creemdith joy
	layer_6: but letchca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner an screemed with joy
	layer_8: bulethka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy
	layer_10: bulethka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: bulethka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: through the have clas jos he her the lafter the joys aut crises the sound o romping
	layer_4: through the half cloas dos he her the laugter the joyc outcrise the sound of ramping
	layer_6: through the half clohse doors he heard the laughter the joyce outcriese the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordocyafthel to bashd nowver heir mistereus nowfor herself
	layer_4: even fodociafhel to bashed now ver her mistress now for herself
	layer_6: even pidosia thelt a bashed now vfor her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even fidocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fidosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fidosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked coming hr where everything was beautifly aranged this was don by sar fe malxcend rovena who wishe a surounder little girl from her bery inancy only woitd the lovelyus things
	layer_4: he liked coming here where everything was beautifuly arranged this was done by serepmaleccendrovena who wishd tos surround her little girl from her bery infancy only with the lovelias things
	layer_6: he liked coming here wher everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema aleccand duovna who wished to sturround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexan drovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarete mouxsan drw na drest herself tastefully this too she did forgl a luch ga would te same and in vu
	layer_4: sartly malcs and drom n addressed herself tastefully this too she did four la lutchga would the same and inview
	layer_6: sarchym alex end droven i dressed herself tastefully this too she did forloluchca with the same end in view
	layer_8: syrathema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalachka with the same end in view
	layer_10: sarapthema alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalatshka with the same end in view
	layer_12: sara phima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lalatshka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thing sairgaam ot a stovich had not becomerikc onsiled to and this was his wikes omus contini ous presence in the nurstory
	layer_4: one thing sair game wut astovich had not become rackond siled to and this wass his wifes omust continu ous presence in the nurstory
	layer_6: one thing cergaemostovitch had not become rackonsiled to and this was his wife's almost continuoust presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serga mdastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing serge morstovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey morstovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's rust as it fot inew that ad find you her he said with he dirisiven cond es ending smile
	layer_4: it's just as i thought iknew that ad find you here he said with a dirisivin condesc anding smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a deriziv in condescending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derizivein condescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derasiv in condescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derasive in condescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: nearl you cee that the chold sould felits own indtovbi duwallity heexclaind in answer deser fy e outsen jr of nesst puzsled clancs
	layer_4: near ly you see that the charld should feel ats own indibiduality he exclained an answer desarfew a out scendgr of ness puzzled glance
	layer_6: nearly you see that the charld should feel its own individuality he explained an answer do carifuma alt cendeur ofna's puzzled glance
	layer_8: nearely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarapfhena alxcandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: nmearely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphena alexandrevna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: mearly you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to saraphena alexandrevna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she stell so little said ser fhy ma ilecc in jrve
	layer_4: she still so little said serfy ma aloxen drove
	layer_6: she still so little said serfhema elix en drova
	layer_8: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said saraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i dontin cist itsur kingd om heer
	layer_4: i don't insist its your king dom here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: othink ket over his wife answer smiling as he ded caoldle but jenaly
	layer_4: olthink it over his wife answered smiling as he did cold ly but gnaly
	layer_6: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they began ho talk of someting els
	layer_4: then they began o talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the mistre stus it whil that' one thing but that theyoung lady dos it thats bod
	layer_4: that the misterestes it whill that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress does it while that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: why as fe dosoith cariocity
	layer_4: why as fidocioth cariocity
	layer_6: why asked phidosioith curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fidosiao ith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked fidosia with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fidosia with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: this uxpression a caryiosita giv her face to lok of a wood in rougly pan to dall
	layer_4: this expression a cariosity gave her face the look of a woodin roughly pain to dall
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain to doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a woodden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes that's bad repeatettago ia i tonviction teribly bad well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeted agatio ih onviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeated ta gaioih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repeated agahioih conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated agahioith conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated agahiowith conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true fim sing were member my word s agack ha went on wrt the same a sureans and scerecy
	layer_4: it's the true time saing were member my words agacka went on with the same asherans and secracy
	layer_6: it's the true time sing weremember my words agacawent on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sing remember my words agachia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agacia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm sying remember my words agacia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's the surest sine
	layer_4: its the shiurest signe
	layer_6: it's the sherest sin
	layer_8: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the'ld woman had in vented thes sine quit suddenly herselfh and she was evidently very prowt of it
	layer_4: the uld woman hadeenvented the sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowd of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mat a maum she said quintle in a chembling wice
	layer_4: mata madam she said quintly and a chrembling voice
	layer_6: mada madam she said quiently in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quiently in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serfy ma alixs an jrvini gave e start
	layer_4: srfe ma alecs and droban i gave a start
	layer_6: serahema alixs and droveni gave a start
	layer_8: saraphima alexandrovina gave a start
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovana gave a start
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the dosis face mae her anxius
	layer_4: the doctes face mate her anxious
	layer_6: thedotius face made her anxious
	layer_8: pedocia's face made her anxious
	layer_10: fhodocieu's face made her anxious
	layer_12: pudoceu's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: what is it fidosia shi as what greakconsern as ar rnything wrong wa lluchkat
	layer_4: bat is it fidocia she aske with greak ancerm as ere any thing rong with ol lutchka
	layer_6: wat is it fidocia she askd with greak ancern as there anything wrong with lite luchka
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with greak concern has there anything wrong with lleluchka
	layer_10: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with llutchka
	layer_12: what is it fidosia she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lolutchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no madom said fidosiae she justiculated with her handse to reioassure hi mistres and ho make here si down
	layer_4: no madam said fidocias she justiculated with her hands to reassur her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_6: no madam said pidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madam said pidocia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said pidolsia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said pidolcia a she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: theluch kas tha sleete make oed be with her
	layer_4: the lutchgas a sleep make god be with her
	layer_6: the luch as asleep may god be with her
	layer_8: the letchkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the letchkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the letchkas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only ad like to sa csomething you see wil luch kas alwas highting erself that is not good
	layer_4: only ig like to say something you see lil lutchgas always hiting ourself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'd like to say something you see lilech gaese always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see lelachka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see lolashka is always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see lolashka is always hiding ourself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: a can' tell you how battit is said fidos ia and her fac expressd the most tociveed confidencs
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said fidicia and her face expressed the most decited confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how ba it is said phidocia and her face express the most decided confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said phidocia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: i der san nothing af bha you aer sayng
	layer_4: i nder sand nothing af bat you are sayng
	layer_6: understand nothing of what you are sayng
	layer_8: understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mat a mits a cind of oman explains foudoser bruply and a shame face atd way
	layer_4: he see mada mits a kind of omen explains hidosiabruply and a shame facead way
	layer_6: he see madta mit's a kind of omen explains pidosiabruptly and a shame face id way
	layer_8: you see madam mits a kind of omen explained vfidociaa bruptly and a shame faced way
	layer_10: you see madam mit's a kind of omen explained fidosia abruptly in a shamedfaced way
	layer_12: you see madam it's a kind of omen explaind fidossia abruptly in a shamefaced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsente sidare emalix an jurvna
	layer_4: nonsens sid serfemalexen gervina
	layer_6: nonsens said serfema alex in gervna
	layer_8: nonsense said saraphema alexan jeovna
	layer_10: nonsense said seraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said seraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who told eou all this aser he m alic an derf nan ino stear low voice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserfe m alicandr vf ne inenoh stear low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ased ser afema alexendrovna an enoster low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in in ouster lowd voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in an aster low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphema alexandrovna in an aster low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nows exclaime serfy m alec sen drofenon eiritation as ther she wished to pretetureself som hol from the suddenenxity
	layer_4: nos exclaime serifhy ma aleccanddr ofnan iritation as thugh she wished to prtecthurself some how from thes sudden enxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed serifema elexcendrovnan irritation as though she wishd to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nose exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna an irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna ian irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nos exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: hat nonsence as thogh eelvuchped could dy
	layer_4: what noncsence as though lelluchcould could die
	layer_6: wat nonsense as though the luch could could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though the lutchcood could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though the lutchced could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though the lutchked could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw clearly that ther could be noir possible connection behwena childs quite ordenarid ivrsion and the contiuwation of the chiled slife
	layer_4: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinaried iversion and the contiuation of the child's life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she madea special effor that e ning to olkypy her mine with other maters tut ir thougt's hern amon tareilies be  hact t at willuch cal lovbe to hiterself
	layer_4: she made aspecial effor that evening to occup y her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned imoln teriles bethact that well lutch cal lubd ta hit hrself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilies betthact that will luch ca luve to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntarilys be tact that willutchka love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wiletshka loved to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that wiletshka loved to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when the luch tbo was sto quihtesmal and have learnde distinguish we h wen her mother in her ners she sometimes sitting in her nurs his arms made a suden rogish crimess and hid her laughing faceind the neur s is shoulder
	layer_4: when the luchga was still quite small and had learnede distinguish wetween her mother in her knurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseis arms made a sudden rogish grimis and hid her laughing face in the nurceis shoulder
	layer_6: when the luchca was still quite small and had learned a distinguishd between her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurseh's arms made a sudden rogish grimase and hidor laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_8: when lelutshka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_10: when lalotchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden rogguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when lulotchka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she wultd look o with he slie ancs
	layer_4: then she would lookd out t a slig glance
	layer_6: then she would look outwith a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thurh she repprade shouself at once for this un sfounded superesticioustread never the les she couldnot ender ho hardedlinge bhe speared ll luch cus favoert game and she tite di vert lieluch causeta tenstion to something elnce
	layer_4: though she reproach shurself at once for this unfounded supersticiousdread never the last she could not ender whole hartedly inge the spired lal lutchcus favourit game and she trided diverit lelugch cause attention to something elce
	layer_6: though she reproaced herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirid wiluchca's favourite game and she trye to divert lheluth case attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirit lilachka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender wholeheartedly into the spirit lulushka's favorite game and she tried to divert leleschka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender wholeheartedly into the spirit lulushka's favorite game and she tried to divert leletchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she egher ly complide wr their mothers ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wif their mothers ne wishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's knew wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with ther mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: sarefe m alics an jrew na trie despratly to imws liuchca
	layer_4: sarphy ma alic and jeome n a tri desperately to m imuse liludchca
	layer_6: saraphima alixan jomena tried desperately to  amuse elecca
	layer_8: saraphima alexan jeovna tried desperately toamuse lelecka
	layer_10: saraphema alexan dovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_12: saraphima alexandovna tried desperately to amuse lilechka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: per haps that sar fyvh alic sun joven she 's not as stroungly drohn to the worl as other children who ad tracted by many things
	layer_4: perhaps thuht sarefevma elec cenjovena she is not is strongly drawn to the world as other children who herd tracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thouht ser fem eleccanjovna she is not as strongly drawn to the worlof as other children who are tracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought saraphiea alexan jovna she is not as strongly drawn to the worl f as other children who er tracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought saraphevma alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sara pheva alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: itf thisaso is tet not a sine of were ganic eeakness
	layer_4: if this as so is it not a sign o ere ganic ekness
	layer_6: if this isso is it not a sina erganic weakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign a organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a scign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: arfhy moug s ind rov no herseof began the game oncser twie thag she pladet with ha heay heart
	layer_4: serfe malcsind drov na herself began the game once er twice thauth she pladit with a heay heart
	layer_6: serfhy malxs and drovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: serpfe malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serepy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serefe malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she suferedas thug commiting in evil de with full conciousness
	layer_4: she suffered as thoug committing an evil deed with ful consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though commetting an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: it was a sa da for caerfy mols en drovna
	layer_4: it was a sad day for sarfe malics and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for cerfemalic and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarpfe malex androvna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for sarafe malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for sarafmalexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: he mother coubred her with the ble blank et
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a bly blank it
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a ble blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lill luch coulddre her sleee little hands from under the blnket and streched than oth him brace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_4: lil lutch culd drew her sleee little hands from under the blankit and streshed themout tom brace her mother her mother beent down
	layer_6: lolutch cadrew her slee little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out tr imbrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: loluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: loluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lolutchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seemed so smon so frolander the boangk at tha covered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smaln so frailander the blink et that covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so smal n so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: sarfe alcs en jrowve nouremain standing o erliluch cas bat a long wile and she cap lioking ant weluch gie with tenderness on fear
	layer_4: sar fevalicsand droven or remains standing ofverlilutch gas bad a long while and she cap looking at wleluchgat with tendrness and fear
	layer_6: sarfemalic and drovena remains standing over lolechicgasbad a long while and she cap looking at liluchga with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara pfi alexanddrovna remaind standing over leleshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lilasha with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sara fea alexandrovna remained standing over lalashka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lalashka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sara fea alexandrovna remained standing over lolutshka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lilatshka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i tamother is at possible that iiolt be able to pretacter she thugt is she ai magin the verious ils that might be foll lutchca
	layer_4: iam mamother is at possible that a should't be able to protactor she thought is she imagine the various ills tat might be follolachca
	layer_6: i'am a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be follolachca
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be foll olachka
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall olatchka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall olatchka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she prad long bat night but the pairedid not eralieave her sadness
	layer_4: she praid long bat night but the prayere did not releave her sadeness
	layer_6: she prayed long tat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dhese past wiel luch a cot colld
	layer_4: several dayse past will luchg cotcold
	layer_6: several days pased will luch goad cot cold
	layer_8: several days passed wit lutchgad cok cold
	layer_10: several days pased wi luchka cock cold
	layer_12: several days passed wi lutchka cock cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the feever came upon hent night
	layer_4: the fever came upon her ant night
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefy malcs and jrovna awacen by fidosia cande leluch gen eao her looking so hot so reslessin soir tarmenged she instintly recaledth youvbl oman and a hope was dispari t possession of her from the firse momentse
	layer_4: when serife ma alics and jrovena awakcen by fidosia caneda la luchgon saw her looking so hot so rethsless and sor tarmented she instantly recalled ebil oman and a hope was dispari toc possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when serophema elex and jovna awakened by phidosia camede leoluch gun saw her looking so hot so rehtless and so tormented she instantly recalledthe evil omen and a hope wes despair too possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphema alexan jovna awakened by phidosia cando lelechkan saw her looking so hot so retless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia kanda lelechkan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when saraphema alexandrovna awakened by fidosia kanda leletchkaan saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a dactr was called an everything was dom that his eusuallan such casions but the an eveible happen
	layer_4: adoctor was called an everything was done that his usual on such casioncs but the aneviable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and thel luch kag gree seeblr from owur to hour
	layer_4: and the lutchgo grew eebler from hour to hour
	layer_6: and theluchca grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and lelechka grew fheebler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and laletshka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and laletshka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing matter so an hap y as ta reterations o fid olsia u tderd betwee en sobs she hidderselfh andhiterself oaur laletcha
	layer_4: nothing madeer so and happy as the reterations of fidelsia atered between sobs she hidherself and hiterself ourlaletca
	layer_6: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of pidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hit herself aourlelecca
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of pidocia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aourlalachika
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of pidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aour lalatchka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself or lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevere was conceeming we luchka and ther retims and she las consciousness in spokander learium
	layer_4: fever was conceeming laletcca and there retimes ond she lost consciousness ind spokentliarium
	layer_6: fever was concuming lalecca and there were times hin she lost consciousness and spoke en olurium
	layer_8: fever was conceming lalachka and there were times hen she lost consciousness and spoke intdelirium
	layer_10: fever was consuming lalashka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_12: fever was consuming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: threedaise pass torturing likean might mar
	layer_4: three ays pass torturing like a ight mare
	layer_6: three days pass torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days passe torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: so femyt alic sin jrowv ni hid her face be hihnd the curtn's near lel lutch cas bed how tragict
	layer_4: sa fema alicandjoven i hider face behind the curtains near leluch cas bed how tragic
	layer_6: sarphema elic and jovena hidtter face behind the curtains near lelechicgas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphima elexan jovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: sarphema alexanddrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laleschka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: sarphema alexandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near laleshka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: await nmo mch ghae whisperidly lucha
	layer_4: a wite nmamuchga whisperdllutcca
	layer_6: a white mamochka whispered lilucica
	layer_8: a white mamachca whispered lilachia
	layer_10: a white mamashka whispered lelashka
	layer_12: a white mamashka whispered lelachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo wuch was wagt face bhe came blard an everythingrew dark befor la luchka
	layer_4: mo much as wit face became blurd and every thing grew dark beforelalutcica
	layer_6: momotchca's white face became blurd and everything grew dark before lolecica
	layer_8: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lilachika
	layer_10: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lulachka
	layer_12: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lulachka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she matther husbend
	layer_4: she metter husband
	layer_6: she met er husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: sarfivm alic send drove noa standing ba the coffen and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_4: sarpfema elecsand drovena as standing by the coffin and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_6: sarphima elixan drovna was standing by the coffin and looking dulli at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarpima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarpima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see lio myg der don d adgetat yourself said sigan mot a sovic n a whisper
	layer_4: see mla my dear don' d agitate yourself said sairgam it ae stovich in a whisper
	layer_6: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said cirgim adostovitch in a whisper
	layer_8: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergan madastovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi marosovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergi morosovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must reinyourself toyour fat
	layer_4: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she ll be oup in am minit precissedsr femalecsan jrowve na her eyes fixd on the dedlittle girl
	layer_4: she'll be up in aminut prorscisted sarphymalecan jovena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarpmalixan jovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarapim lexanjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarafiema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarafiema alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sairgame oft a stovicgelookedround him cotiously he was afrat of the unseemly n of the rediculus
	layer_4: sirgame ut a stovage looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the rediculous
	layer_6: cergame t a stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemely and of the ridiculous
	layer_8: sergam maastovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serg maristovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: serge marstovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don' agtat yourself heu repeed
	layer_4: see mi don't agitate yourself he repeted
	layer_6: see mi don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem i don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he was confews din anoid
	layer_4: he was confusedin aknoiede
	layer_6: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her face deheme trankle n her eyes were dry
	layer_4: her face eem trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankil and her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranquile and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranquile and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she won into the narcter in begant wlk round the room looking into thus places werela luch ga use to hidthorself
	layer_4: she went into the nurserin began to walke rowund the room looking into thost places were law lutchg used to hide horself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserm began to walk round the room looking into those places were lolechca used to hide hrself
	layer_8: she went into the nurserynd began to walk round the room looking into those places where laletchka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lalashka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where luletchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she aledalla but the room and bent nownd thanted look underd the ctablear undto the bed and ceptrean repeting cherfully wheres my lit tl one where is my lo lutchka
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now an then o look under the cablear undtof the bed and keptarin repeting cheerfully whereis my little one where is my low lutchka
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and keptain repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lolechca
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the tableer under the bed and kept hunrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalachka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept  unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the tableor under the bed and kept unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walkedtrond ther room onee she begount make her quas in neur
	layer_4: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in ear
	layer_6: after she had walked ron the room once she began to make her quest in nyeuw
	layer_8: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on yeuw
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest on yeu
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest in yew

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fit osia motionlense witlh the decto fac sad an a corner and lookd frit d ot er misteres thand she suddenly bursttat soping and she waill lably
	layer_4: fidasia motianless woitd dhe dected face sat an a corner and looked frightned at her mistress than she suddenly burst at sobbing and she waled laudly
	layer_6: phidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: phidocia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: pidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: fidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid her souf an hidtersoluf ar loe lutch gr ar and jelic wttle sul
	layer_4: she hid her seuth and hit herself aur le letchgar er and jelic uittle soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hit herself are lulechgar ir and jeli littl soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lelachgar r an geliclittle soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself our lolachgar are an jelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself our lolachgar are an jelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she enger the porle there ras several peper between her ind l luchga
	layer_4: when she enter the parler thery weae several peoper between her in ly lutchca
	layer_6: when she entered the parlor thery wease several peoper between her in leluchca
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there were several peoper between her and lilacha
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there were several peeper between her and lalashka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlour there were several peeper between her and lalashka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was an a pressefeeling ovf haviness inserfy malic sum jrveness hadas she approach la luchga
	layer_4: there was an appresiv feeling of haviness andsariphe malec somed jroveness hadas she approachedlalutcha
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serifymanlik some jovnas head as she approached lelecca
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serafema like some jovna's head as she approached lylachka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness ind saraphema like somgovna's head as she approached lalatchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness ind sarafhema like somgovna's head as she approached lalatchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: wolluch galay ther stiin pal an smilp e fetictly
	layer_4: willuchga lay there still an pale and smiled pefetically
	layer_6: will luchga lay there still an pale and smile pahetically
	layer_8: wlachka lay there still and pale and smile pathetically
	layer_10: wolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_12: wolachka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the litta anedid notr ply
	layer_4: the little one did not rply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: serfmlkcs an jr ne sid a parec d sid in a lost way smile d an catd ladwy wt lechga
	layer_4: sarphe malecsan jero vfn as sidaparect side an a lost way smiled and catd laudy let letchga
	layer_6: sarfhemalic anjovna stoid up erect side in a lost way smiled and coled loudly lelecka
	layer_8: serphemalexandovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and caled loudly lulechka
	layer_10: sarapimalexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly luletshka
	layer_12: sarapi malexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly luletshka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: le lutch gos being carried out
	layer_4: lho lutchgos being carried out
	layer_6: loletch goes being carried out
	layer_8: loletchgoe's being carried out
	layer_10: loletchgo's being carried out
	layer_12: loletchgois being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this mom meat the heav y bet of stror on the roe seaed with m iratll as sudness leaveen the ol sout world imty of sound sa f or the drip drip drip ovies
	layer_4: at this mome et the heav y beat oft storm on the roof seased with mareactalafs suddness leaven the oltsout world impty of sound saime for the drip drip drip of evese
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beet of the storm on the roof ceased with mirectalouss suddeness leaving the outsid world empty of sound saint for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of a storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound saing for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of a storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound sang for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of a storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound san for the drip drip drip of eaves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we ad eversort of peopoith thi solf enon and as i was look aethat a pup ther gam ia sal the mall
	layer_4: we had ever sort of peopleth a solftenon and as i was look o that a popler game i' saw the all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a soten on and as i was look out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with ta sofpen on and as i was lookgout that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with he sophin on and as i was look out at a popular game i saw tem all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with te sophun on and as i was lookin out at a poplar game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same insnen to hear th roip of stil hrou cla hand fil the sharpd stabvbhim he lefe lag
	layer_4: at the same incsnand to heard the roip of still hrough clal and felt the sharpd stab him e left leg
	layer_6: at the same instnant to heard the roip of still through clouth and felt the sharp stabb him a left lig
	layer_8: at the same instanat to heard the rip of steell through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant a heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab him a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then a scaut ed to see whatd ed cou me and foun ard the fll ad los to hand
	layer_4: then i scouted to see what edo cut me and foundhat the fillihad lost o hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the filla had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fello had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and placeof at he ware a shrpe still ho ook
	layer_4: and place of it he were a sharb still hoook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharbed steill hook
	layer_8: ind place of it he wore a share stel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout ofeas bein a lif for he was breetnhan hear li c amman dos when e gits it over the hid idt in' sound good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of has be an a life for he was breentant hard like am man dos when o gets hit over the head it din't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein alive for he was breat an hard like a man doez when te gets hit over the heid it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathand hard like a man does when he gets hit over the hed it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breath and hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man brea s ait way his mostey all gon
	layer_4: when a man brees tat way his mosttly all gone
	layer_6: when a man breeds that way heis mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breetds that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breeths that way he is mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breeths that way he is mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: min got bettad overt heard oftan anohan thos dayse
	layer_4: mean got bettit overt head offten inoghan those days
	layer_6: men got bettit over the head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got bettid over the head often enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted over the head often enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so a win hs fin u put a wound in shape to hel but his no soutn serip
	layer_4: soer ine his find a put a woun an shaped to hl but is no souidan syrup
	layer_6: sar wine is find ht put a wound and shaped to hel but i's no sut and syrrup
	layer_8: saerwin is find o put a wound in shape to heel but it's no suit in syrup
	layer_10: saor wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suit in sirup
	layer_12: soorwine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no suit in sirup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: theire coltin wrs their ship and the graether was the sea blow hi blow low what care we and the quarted that wegave thanm was the sent t em in the se don on the costd of the had babery
	layer_4: their calfin wers their ship and the grav the was the sea blow hig blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was tho sint them in the sea done on the coast of the hidbarbery
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave thet was the sea blow hih blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea don on the coast of the hih barboeri
	layer_8: their coffin wersd their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbri
	layer_10: their coffin wares their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_12: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it fer made ma her ris o herhin with a b ge still somn desidout sid an the quieat moon light in ta shedtows and him sitinup strat en gont his ias blason each sid is bidegle nos and is snaky haire hing on over the rall cut o crolsas he had
	layer_4: it feair made my her rise to hearehim with tha bg still salm desire out sid and the quiet moon light in the shatdows and him settin up straghtin gont his eys blasand each side his bigeagale knows and his snaki hair higin over the ra ut to crassas hehad
	layer_6: it fear made my here rie to hear him with a big still salemn desered outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him seting up straight and gaunt his eyes blaze ind each side his big eagle knose and his snacky hair hangin over the ra cut across his head
	layer_8: et fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still slemn deserd outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nos and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with ta big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him sietting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with e big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him setting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazined each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: ho wevero made out to gittin bandidgeup an ind shape and pretyson hie sort o wonto sleep
	layer_4: how wover o made out to gettin bandagjup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of ont to sleep
	layer_6: however i made out to getting bandaeup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of wont to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he's sort of want to sleep
	layer_10: however im made out of getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he's sort of want to sleep
	layer_12: however i'm made out of getting bandage up and in shape and pretty soon he's sort of want to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and aginid seing that br resom e tloud gald look at theil calla roud o floand byjisto be sure iad dadn gambelow wor ils he jus talk
	layer_4: and again id seng that barbry so metil i gooudn look at the oll cala rout of floon by a just to be sure i ht and dd and gombelo wor aelse just talk
	layer_6: hen again hi't sing that barbory san muntill i' go oudan look at the odl collorot of flowin by a just to be sure ihdnt didan gone below wer elsie just talk
	layer_8: ten again he'd sing that barbary saw me till i'd go out and look at the old collarodtof flowin by jest to be sure i hadn't died in gone below or else just talk
	layer_10: hen again he'd sing that barbary saw me till i'd go out and look at the old colarad af flowin by jist to be sure i hadn't diedint gone below or else hed just talk
	layer_12: then again he'd sing that barbary saw me till i'd go out and look at the old colarada o flowin by just to be sure i hadn't diedint gone below or else he'd just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he bega het he was a kad and he gave os sit of conversations palsand for e plis
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi site of conversations pauls and for edplies
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pauson for hreplies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsin for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sighd of conversations paulsing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsing for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i used solistnd bo the hour but i never made out anything realling portenes to who the man was where he come fron a whady don
	layer_4: i us tolisten by the hour but i never made out anything realliig pordanes to who the man was awhere he come forom a what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made ou anything really importantas to who the man was orwhere he come forunm a what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from o what he done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or wher he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d in paini attencin tn forhis quit
	layer_4: iadint payny attention tn for his quiet
	layer_6: i din't payny attention to me for se quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to him for yoe quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for use quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for ouse quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: u sualad in bo the with his talp for a did menan thing a somethin in as voce made turm
	layer_4: usull ad didn't bo ther with his talk for a didn' mean ny thing a somethin in is voice may meturm
	layer_6: usuall i didn't bother with his talk for a didn't mean anything a something in his voice mad be term
	layer_8: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me turm
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me turm
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything as something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was li oan on a sid thos black yes of he his blasona me be nowt bot of them sal the same distancs
	layer_4: he was lan on haside thos black eyes of he is blason at me but now both of them sa the samed distance
	layer_6: he was lion on his side thost black eyes of his blazon at me but now both of them sal the same distance
	layer_8: he was lion on his side thos black eyes of hiis blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_10: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: where my clo was hiest veringtine
	layer_4: wherea my clow was hiased veringtense
	layer_6: wherer my clos heasked varyigtens
	layer_8: wher arm my clothes he asked veryin tinse
	layer_10: where are my clothes he asked verying tinse
	layer_12: where are my clothes he asked vary ing tinse

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: on lotfe squees tlk batchr dadly weapencs
	layer_4: one little squees tulk batcer dadily weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze talk batcer dadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze talk batter deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tulk bather deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tulk batthr deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: but he been to sicen to logaberd
	layer_4: but he been to sicon to logabed
	layer_6: but he ben too sick end too logea bed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too log a bed
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long a bed

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: an a minner o so he came to
	layer_4: in a miner to sel he camed to
	layer_6: ind a minur to sollf he came to
	layer_8: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: ny you'r a ni sweet proposition said i as soons iu ias sure he couduter stam me
	layer_4: now you're a nig sweet proposition said i as soon as i wias sure he could utterstand me
	layer_6: now your a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uterstand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe anough len me have thom he begd
	layer_4: there safe anough lem me had them he beged
	layer_6: ther're safe enough lem me havd them he begged
	layer_8: they re safe enough let me hav them he begged
	layer_10: they are safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_12: they are safe enough let me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: no looke er sid i you can'k get up to day you in't fit
	layer_4: no look here said i you can't get up to day you wain't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: a kno he pleded a linme see hem
	layer_4: and kno he pleated at limme see them
	layer_6: and know he pleated but lim me see them
	layer_8: and no he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_10: and no he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: and no he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: jis e sais fi am a paset overes ol dords
	layer_4: just a satisfim ut pasetd over is ol durds
	layer_6: just as satisfi im a pest over his ol dirds
	layer_8: just as satisfy him a past over his oll dirds
	layer_10: just as satisfy him a passt over his old dirts
	layer_12: just as satisfy him at passt over his old dirts

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave tein road he cried
	layer_4: ave been rod e cried
	layer_6: ave been rabd he cried
	layer_8: have been rabbed she cried
	layer_10: have been robbed he cried
	layer_12: have been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wers ma cold he es
	layer_4: were's ma coat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_10: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_12: where's ma coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you hed no co when o pit you up ireplied
	layer_4: you head no co when o pit you up i replied
	layer_6: you had no cot when i pith you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no coat when i pitc you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coat when i pitcd you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no coat when i pic you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he loked o me modis tu spicious but didn' saneything more he would ne en anser en o spolke to hem
	layer_4: he loked a me modese tu spicious but didn't sain ything more he would ne en answer han u spoke to him
	layer_6: he looked a me mugdy suspicious but didn't say anything more he would nev an answer went i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he would' eveen answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deden ha far mal he fell sleep
	layer_4: after he deden a fair maile he fellesleep
	layer_6: after he deedent a fair mail he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deeden't a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he'd adent a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he'd eden't a fair meal he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: when i came backt that even an the bunk osempti an he was gan
	layer_4: when i came back that even in the bunk wasimpty and he was gon
	layer_6: when i came back that even in the bunk was emptyand he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even an te bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evenin the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that eveninng the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: it in seem ae ganfortwo days
	layer_4: i tdin seeme bhagan for twu days
	layer_6: i din't seem egan for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seem agan for two days
	layer_10: i didn't see m again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't see mim again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: thin a cave sattefn quet aways ar
	layer_4: then a caut sat in quate aways o
	layer_6: then a cut sat om quete aways off
	layer_8: then a cut sat id himd quite a ways off
	layer_10: then a cut sat it im quite a waysoff
	layer_12: then a cut satit him quate awaysoff

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: guessees suspicius i sto tharil coto heas thinkxi and ettrwars a foundtheat my surmis had beencorrit
	layer_4: gess hes tuspicious is stol theu will coto his thinksi and afterwards a foud that my surmise had been corepet
	layer_6: guesse's suspicious i stol that ill corter his thinks i and afterwards ae foud that mys surmise had been correcet
	layer_8: guess e's suspicious i stole that old coter his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_10: guess he's suspicious i stole that old coater his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stole that old coater his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: ho wever he d in stay lonm an theat frainof minde
	layer_4: how wever he didnt stay long en that friam f mind
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long i that fram of mine
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: a ranou pulm agine
	layer_4: i ran a pom agine
	layer_6: arana po agan
	layer_8: irana pul magan
	layer_10: irana pul mgan
	layer_12: irana pul mgan

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: amakes was flit uns face is am stritchd oup
	layer_4: ta mags was flaght oncs face is arm stritched out
	layer_6: te miks was flat on his face his arms stritched out
	layer_8: te mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: the mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the mile of his back nel a on oarn frand
	layer_4: on the middle of his back ne my one arn frand
	layer_6: on the middle of his back netim a one arn friend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back ne im y one arm friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back kneltdid my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back kneltin my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway athresst emuzeof ma coulten to th sailse face what's theirsi eskt
	layer_4: anyway at thresst themuze of my coltanto the salergs face what's theisiasket
	layer_6: anyway a threst the muzle of my coldton to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrut the muzzle of my coltin to the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: iwin he mid montyo of an tonyoual curvis said he
	layer_4: i wn he mid mont you off an tontyo curvis said he
	layer_6: i wilin he mid montu off antonia curvus said he
	layer_8: i willen him idmont of antonio curvis said he
	layer_10: i wilan him midmonti of antonio curvis said he
	layer_12: i wilan him idmanti of antonio curvis said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gleam did from his i the snall lifd his wlips
	layer_4: the gleeame died from his ey the snarl lift his lips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and anycasey fle pokl prat leave me an myh frind together
	layer_4: and any casey flew pokal proto leave me and miuh friend tagether
	layer_6: and any case he flew pocal proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poco pranto leav me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case the flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew pocopronto leaving me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: drnd the nexe who montc he was a good dial bout tow mose doano jobes i saw i moffanim
	layer_4: durnd the next who month he was a good deal bout tow moste doan our jorbs i saw i moffhen ime
	layer_6: durng the next who month she was a good deal about town mostly doinour jobs i saw him off an imne
	layer_8: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly doin a jobs i saw him affan i
	layer_10: during the next wo months she was a good deal about town mostly doinad jobs i saw him off or nine
	layer_12: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostly doinad jobs i saw him off far nine

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however id in pae much atinchien to that be in athe time ill mighdy buse hold don accargames
	layer_4: however i din pay much attention to that be inat the time all mighty busy holdn down ac card games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that be ing at the time al mighty busy holdin down ma cardgames
	layer_8: however i did't pay much attention to that being at the time al mighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down ma card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down ma card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as all rigt said i which heu biter stayo rut there
	layer_4: as all right said i bhith you better stay ruht there
	layer_6: at's all right said i but you better stay rugt there
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roight there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay right there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay right there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: i'wen to make up to you fore trouble sait e
	layer_4: in went to make up to you for ye trouble cid he
	layer_6: i went to make up to you for yu trouble sid he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: a con of goo thing iast treasur  saidhe
	layer_4: oe count of god thing iest treasuree said he
	layer_6: wha count of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_8: what cont of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what koind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: what kond of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all rigdynogh nothe drunt nera loko
	layer_4: he looked alrigdynough now the druntnora loko
	layer_6: he looked all right enough now the drunpnor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: seit ounsaid i over ther the ethe sout oe h table
	layer_4: set own said i over there the other siutof te table
	layer_6: set on said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: sit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: sit down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he ditd so te farway sad i
	layer_4: he did so te far way sait i
	layer_6: he did so a far way said i
	layer_8: he did so afar away said i
	layer_10: he did so far away said i
	layer_12: he did so afar away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its ov bike than said handty solmentime for thes not onl gol but alltrjes and damens
	layer_4: and its of big thing sain handy sole menti me for theyse not only gol but altrjewls and dimons
	layer_6: and it's of big thing sin handy solomenti me for theyes not only gol but altero jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing sin handy solomon timy for they 's not only gol but altere jewels and diamonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solomnn timi for they's not only gold but altr jewels and di'monds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solomnon timi for they's not only goald but altra jewels and di'monds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ilwi make as rich and ha dos nlikeus and ecing kisst thof book on that
	layer_4: it wi make is rich and a doesin likeus and ecan kisse the book on that
	layer_6: it wilt make as rich and i doesn't like us and ecan kiss the book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and a doesn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and a doezn't like us and he can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and a doezn't like us and he can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may all be trucaid or but whide tell me
	layer_4: thet may all be tru s it ie but why detell me
	layer_6: that may all be true sid i but why dy tell me
	layer_8: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why d yeu tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: whi ton' to get yo trers aowit thout the needee dovidnment
	layer_4: why don't to get you tresr othout the needte devidnent
	layer_6: why don't to get you treasur witout the need of devidnant
	layer_8: why don't tou get you treasure without the need of dividment
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividement
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividement

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why madte he enswered is just plaine grethitode
	layer_4: why made he enswered is just plain grathitude
	layer_6: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_8: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mate he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: din you save a lifh an nust me and take arved me when i was no ld
	layer_4: din't you save maliuge and nust me and take carof me when i was no killd
	layer_6: did't you save my life an nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: did't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look er anderson oer hand ty solman a whatever you pleased o cyouself ourerejoind to this e frigoin' to do busns if me and it do not understanyat just whatity as you want of me you'l havet e talk stragt
	layer_4: look here anderson or handy solemen a whatever you pleased to cal youself iurejoine to this e fregoin't to do busins wifh me and ti do not understand yet just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk straight
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy solomen a whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this yoe forgoing to do businss with me and i do not understand yet just what it eis you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_8: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoin to this you forgoing to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this yo foregoing to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoind to this you foregoing to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: is alver  well t sae gratitoun but thea on't go with me
	layer_4: it's al veryi well to sa gratitude but thed don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to say gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: the develas a ppreature of  loste pinfethe said he
	layer_4: the doevls a preathure if n  loset open father said he
	layer_6: the devils a preacher if na lost ipendfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's a preacher if nay lost yor penfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if  lost your pin feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if  lost your pin feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this than i got to have bo to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this then i got to have boat to get there and she most be stopped
	layer_6: wella's this thin i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: well's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well it's this thn i got to have a boat to git there and she must be stopped
	layer_12: well it's this thin i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have hel with h treasur if i slike his fell sat at wars
	layer_4: and a got to have help withthe treasure if islike this fell sait it wos
	layer_6: and i got to have help with the treasure if is like thes fellws sit it was
	layer_8: and i got to have help with the treasure if is like this fellow said it was
	layer_10: an i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_12: an i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money i got to hae and is moneya have't got and can ged an lissalit somebodean his pardner
	layer_4: its money a got to have and is money  haven't got and kan' gi and liss a lit sumebodyin his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i' got to have and it's money a havn't got and can't git an liss a lids somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i havn't got an can't get unless i lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't git unless i lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have an it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whi me asd wy not he retwarte
	layer_4: whie me asked why not he retorted
	layer_6: wa mi  asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: whami i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: wami i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: wami i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk hen matter ovr id leng
	layer_4: we talke the matter over at link
	layer_6: we talk the matter over at lnt
	layer_8: we talkd the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talk the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talk the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: ia stod af for a large eporty
	layer_4: a stood af for a largeparty
	layer_6: i stood after a large party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly appose thisas depreci adin the shairs but i had nointtintion of gon alon en to whiat was tankcon sidre o willd n dangerous country fanaly we compernmisd
	layer_4: he strongdly aposed this us depreciet in the shairs but i had now intention of gon alone into what was din con sidered of wild an dangerous country finally we compermized
	layer_6: he strongdly opposed this as depreciate in the shares but i had no intention of going alone indto what was thin considered of walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: i thirt of the trgua was to godo him a thir to me and the rest t wasto be avoded among the man whomushoulde solect thisckened id not ap pil t him
	layer_4: a thirt o the trursl was to go to him authir to me and the rest was tobetdevided among the man who mushud sulect this schime did not apileto him
	layer_6: a third of the treica was to go to him a thir to me and the rest was to be devided among the man whomi schould select this skheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treachure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_10: a third of the treachure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treachure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbhe sinsther existeo fres no resmonsibility we eachreportet dutifuly at the rol call of habit and dro bact in to ar blinkets ot the greatful si
	layer_4: tbhes sinster existo frus no resmonsibuility wiet each reportet dutifully at the rolle call of habit and dro back unto our blink its with the greatful sid
	layer_6: be since ther existo for us no responsibility we each report id dutifully at the rolle call of habit and raw back into our blinkets with a grateful side
	layer_8: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sighe
	layer_10: but since there existedh for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: ouremember the moon silan a good gade among thepparnly stationary cladles a recall i dee bleke shat a lined with for distantslvere moutans a glanstorver the stark motionaous canvises each a which consild a man the re trembled with e bellon en of cattle ind the corous
	layer_4: iur remember the moon sailind a good gade among a par anly stationary cloudleds i recalle i deep black shadow lind with fore distan silvery mountans i glancet over the stark motionalous canvases each of which consiled a man they rd trembled with the belen en of cattle ind the corows
	layer_6: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparently stationary cloudlds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionalous canvases each of which consilled a man the ard trembled with the belloon of cattle ind the corals
	layer_8: i remember the moon sailin a good gat among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corals
	layer_10: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon sailing a good gate among apparently stationary cloudleds i recall a deep black shadow lion before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: soimenly but a moman late the cook showd brub me the counschus niss agaain
	layer_4: sinly but a moment laded the cooks how brughme to conscious ness again
	layer_6: simmingly but a moment later the cooks how brough me to consciousness again
	layer_8: semingly but a moment later the cookshal brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: seemingly but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: three woured o care for th remoda fovewar to move the strag herefrom the crous o good feed three bran cruse ere tol d brand the cas we at clected in the cud ofd the aft rnumefore that sioko   bout halvfthe man
	layer_4: three woere to care for the remoda fovewere to moved the straigt herd from the crouse to good feed three brene crews ere told to brand the cas we had colected and the cut of the afteroon before that suokop about half the man
	layer_6: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight heard from the crows to good feed three brenn cruwis ere told to bran the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afternoom before that took up about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the carras to good feed three bredand crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took op about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the crrauls to good feed three brandand crews were told to bran the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the carraus to good feed three brandand crews were told to bran the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris were to make a shor drove anta sold grass
	layer_4: the risere to make a shore drave i he solt grass
	layer_6: the rister to make a shore drive in th sald grass
	layer_8: the rist ware to make a shore drive in th sald grass
	layer_10: the wrists were to make a sore drive in the salt grass
	layer_12: the ristswere to make a sore drive in the salt grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the ona once ho did go af foot however a though the crows were not more thn two hunderd yarges distance
	layer_4: we were te onda once who did go ao foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yardge s distance
	layer_6: we were the ono oncs who did go a foot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards's distance
	layer_8: we were the onooncs who did go afoot however although the crawls were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the ona once who did go afoot however although the crals were not more than two hundred yards ats distance
	layer_12: we were the ony once who did go afoot however although the corals were not more than two hundred yards at distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: bhehtwen the upprat bars of greeas wood with ad see the catle and ner the upsos sad the min bild in a fir  nix the fense
	layer_4: betwen the up right bars of greeastwood with cud see the cattle and year the ops it side the men built en a fire a nixt the fence
	layer_6: betwen the uprigt bars of greece wood we could see the cattle and neare the opos es side the men build in a fire ad next teffince
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greecewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next e fence
	layer_10: between the upright bars of greesewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire nd next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of greecewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire and next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pust op in the wiad gat en interd
	layer_4: we pushed op in the wide gate an enteured
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entred
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: wenceted witnt fmhemdtheffinish tat she f of lo jage step an irans in his hand
	layer_4: wncetood witen for them tefinish a shief o lo jage stamp and irans in his hand
	layer_6: honecedoid witten for them to finish a shief of long gge step and ironds in his hand
	layer_8: once sood waiting for them to finish a shief of lon j ge stepin irons in his hand
	layer_10: one doid waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long g  step and irons in his hand
	layer_12: one sdoid waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long ggh step and irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: all the ras squat ed on their heels an long the fens smokcat sigeratson chati a gether
	layer_4: all the rast squateed on their hels along the finc smokeand cigarutsand chatin agether
	layer_6: all the rist squatted on their heels along the fince smokin cigaretes and chatin agether
	layer_8: all the rists squatted on their heels along the fence smokein cigarettes and chatten together
	layer_10: all the rists squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatten together
	layer_12: all the rists squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatten together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: ta fhir ist ras of the son signted o crose an one great sweep from theremod mouns
	layer_4: a first rays ot the sun signed a cross and one great sweep fom the remode mouns
	layer_6: a first rays aft the sunte signet across ind one great sweep from the remode moutains
	layer_8: at first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_10: at first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remode mountains
	layer_12: at first rays of the sun signed across in one great sweep from the remode mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer woudn ha nold kelth fonthe jon rod in among the kattle
	layer_4: homer woulden he old kealh fornty john rod in a mong the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden an old callfornty john rode ing among the cattle
	layer_8: homer wooden an old californiy john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as he loopd setled he jurk sharply upard exacl his one would stric t hook a bik fish
	layer_4: as he louped settled he jerk sharply uppward exactly is one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hum e rap the roke twice wr thric abouthe horn and set over an one strped of voe the tiede nline anto preserve the bounce
	layer_4: homemo rapd the roked twice were thrise about the horn and set over an one strped o void the tid an line and to preserved the bounce
	layer_6: homee rapped the roke twicte wor thrice about the horn and set over in once stripped avord the tightend line and to preserve the balancs
	layer_8: homa rapped the roue twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one stripp tovoid the tight an lion and to preserve the balance
	layer_10: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to void the tighten lion and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one strip to avoid the tighten lion and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no whad he paed inhy attinshento the cafh
	layer_4: nobody paed ine attentiont to the caf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: tbhet hind im foallowad his anxious mother her hade sing an from sid toside new the fire the hor stoppet
	layer_4: tehind him followd his anxious mother her head sing an from side to side nea the fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her heads swingin from side to side nar the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: the twuo buld ogers amedelly pountsupon the victom
	layer_4: the two bull dogrs immedely pounseupon the victom
	layer_6: the two bul dogrs hammedily pounce upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bulldogers immetdiately pounce upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly foped over on srighte sid
	layer_4: it was prumptly floped over on its righte side
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its rightside
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly floped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly floped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the caf was uneable stroubgle
	layer_4: this the caf was unable ta struggle
	layer_6: this the caff was unable to struggle
	layer_8: this the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the calf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when wanc you hhave had the win note d out of you rraber to broken you seasd o think the sonecessarily wrufh
	layer_4: when want you have had the win nocked out of you ora ribor two broken you seased ta think the sonecessarily wroug
	layer_6: when want you have had the windknocked out of you or ribbor too broken you cease to think this unecessarily rough
	layer_8: when wont you have had the wind knocked out of you or a ribb or too broken you ceased to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or too broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: haot irn he'ld oneo the bould aogers
	layer_4: hot iron yo'ld one of the bul d ogrs
	layer_6: hot iron ye old one of the buldogrs
	layer_8: hot iron ye eld one of the bull dogers
	layer_10: hot iron yeld one of the bull doggers
	layer_12: hot iron yelld one of the bull doggers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yol the other
	layer_4: markar yell the other
	layer_6: marker yll the other
	layer_8: marker yeeled the other
	layer_10: marker yeled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brandt r press the irnd smotely against the flink
	layer_4: the brand o pressed the ir and smoodly against the flenk
	layer_6: the bran epress the iran smoodtly against the flank
	layer_8: the brand epressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the bran de pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the bran de pressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: ferhaps the cact blate  littlewess that hetd scortced
	layer_4: perhaps the cafh bladed a little less that head scortched
	layer_6: perhaps the cat blated a little less tha heet scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the calt bladed a little less tha heed scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the calf bladed a little less the hee scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the calf bladed a little less the hee scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran sho chary which is the propercolort indto kate dew pilon and is uccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran show chery which is the propercolar to intocate do pelan and is successful mark
	layer_6: the bran show chery which is the proper color to indicate de pelen and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate du pelan and a successful mark
	layer_10: the bran showd cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due pelan and a successful mark
	layer_12: the bran showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pelan and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: then i nie dhot a swal tellin the other
	layer_4: then he nickedthout a swal tell in the other
	layer_6: then he nik ot a swallo tell in the other
	layer_8: then he knicked out a swallow tall in the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallow tal in the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow tal in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: is seeme so me the greaduil  u neces sar twottlws brad acs to th extrem crulty of brandon
	layer_4: it seems o me their great dill of anecessary twattls brad as to the extreme crulty of brandon
	layer_6: it seems to me the great deal o unnecessary twaddls broad as to the extreme cruelity of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to me the great deal of unnecessary twaddles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to meth great deal of unnecessary taddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to meth great deal of unnecessary twaddle as abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: aunddowtably ad is to some extin painfl it could some mothe meithrtd of ready a d inf fication bedovised it my be as wellk to a dopded in prevferencs
	layer_4: andoubtably it is to some extant painful it could somemother mithod of ready a dinification be devised it mit be as wel to a dopetid and preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a dinification be devised it might be as well to adoptid in preference
	layer_8: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extingish bl laftr fall tdistritd of his doppt onm throug are asona
	layer_4: in extinguish ble lagfht r fall thisprid of this docet on through are azona
	layer_6: in extinguishble laughtor fall the sprit of this docton through arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laught or fall the sprit of this docton through arazona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughtor fallow the sprit of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laught or fallow the sprit of this doctrine through arizona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: an magin apounture tocindint xem poligtly the eartags of wil cattle on the oponrage rin around up
	layer_4: a magin apunture i cenento exem politly the irtags of wild cattle on the open range rein around up
	layer_6: imagine of punthur discen in to examind politely the ir tags of wild cattle on the open range re in around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descend into examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range rin round up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range rin around up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descend ed to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range rin around up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a cafiasually bels when the arand bits but a soun as release to almost invrbly gost to feede er to lookan idlyabout
	layer_4: a cafesually bellows when the iran bites but a soon as releaset he almostan veribly gost to fetinor to look an idally about
	layer_6: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost to feetin or to look an idaly about
	layer_8: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghost of feetin or to look i idily about
	layer_10: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of fetin or to look inigdly about
	layer_12: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably ghosts of feetin or to look inidly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: the sids which it hapins but wonts an a live time and his overintin seconce accomfore did nit to those of vus wo of had ourteth fell
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but oncs in a live time and his over intin seconds acconfor did night to those o us who have had orteeth field
	layer_6: bhesides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfor dedniht to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a livetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort deny to those of us who have had our teeth field

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the littlelanimals was but a fw month sold so the ridre did not bo the with hits hine la xs bu tals is lu pover idts neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few month sould so the rider did not bo the with its hign lags but talsd his lup over ts neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few month sold so the riter did not bother with its hind leigs but tolsd his lup over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister frosa bul calf alon and pictore of history shals the atituds
	layer_4: mister frosa bull calf alone and picgtor of history shows the atitudes
	layer_6: mister frot's bullcalf alone and pik torro history shows the attitudes
	layer_8: mister fros's bulcalf alone ant pictorro history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pictoro history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone at pictoril history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and thn of course there was tha gorgeis contrass be tweenall this frintic an in comperhinint excidment and the apslue matter of fact imn propet tobility of horsan riter
	layer_4: and then of course there was th gordges contras butween all this frantic and uncomprehinun excidement and the absolupe matter of fact in peropetability of horsean riter
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgeus contras between all this frantic and uncomprehenion excitement and the absolute matter of fact in prputibility of horse and wrider
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrasts between all this frantic and uncomprehenden excitement and the absolute matter of fact an perputability of horse and rider
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact anperputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact andperputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as he new was businass an ass the caf was tha smalmn the little bese when overpromptly bit the groun ot the wack and was ponsupon in hild
	layer_4: as he knew has business an as the calf was a smalone the little beas went over prumptly bit the ground wit the wack and was pouncs upon in hild
	layer_6: as he knew his business and as the caf was a small one the little beaswent over promtly bit the ground with the wack and was pounted upon in hild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground ith the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he wuld kathm self on one foot scram wll vigr was sly and in b strgglen back to the uprit
	layer_4: he would kateshimself an one foot scram wi vigre as sly and inbu strugg len bak to the upride
	layer_6: he would keth himself on one foot scramlh vigurloussly and in by strugg len back to the uprighte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coln a madgen what happannexts
	layer_4: he can atmagin what happen next
	layer_6: he coul imagine what happen next
	layer_8: he could imagine what happed next
	layer_10: he could imagine what happened next
	layer_12: he could imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this is pr dectaof son fone of at fails
	layer_4: this is prodectolo sen fon of at fails
	layer_6: this is prodectiveson find ofit fails
	layer_8: this is prodective osan fond of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of sam fond of it fails
	layer_12: this is productive of same fond of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but nowthe bran was a for swe
	layer_4: but now the brannen was a for swin
	layer_6: but now the brandn was atfore swing
	layer_8: but now the brandan was at foreswing
	layer_10: but now the brandan was at furswing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was at fur swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when thnws us fell they turn in walke toware the fire as ad matterof course rarly id the cased fil
	layer_4: when he neses fell they turn in walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast faill
	layer_6: when the nuses fell they turnd in walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the noeoses fell they turned and walke toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matterof course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: min ran to in fro busi and intent
	layer_4: men ran too an fro busi end in tent
	layer_6: men ran to and fro busyand intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy an intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: some timestre for cas run the grounded wontcs
	layer_4: sometime sthre r four cas weron the grounded woncs
	layer_6: sometimes thregh four cas were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes thregh r four cas were on the ground and once
	layer_10: sometimes thre or four cos were on the ground and once
	layer_12: sometimes three or four coes were on the ground and once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus atiddicippated
	layer_4: dhust edeindicipated
	layer_6: dust igdiedin dissipated
	layer_8: dust idiandissipated
	layer_10: dust aided andissipated
	layer_12: dust aidied an dissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: tnhe more nek caes theyn nouncet
	layer_4: no more nek tcaves they nounced
	layer_6: no more ne cavs they anounced
	layer_8: no more nick caves they announced
	layer_10: no more neck calves they announced
	layer_12: no more nick calves they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he wad spirn his hance and goited a lon
	layer_4: then he wasd spitlon his hande and go at i alone
	layer_6: then he wuls spit on his hands and go watet alon
	layer_8: then he would spi on his hands and go wait it along
	layer_10: then he would spit on his hands and go wat it along
	layer_12: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alon

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luk adtened his firs efert is sara casonm ost pero found there is yor litl cave said he
	layer_4: of luck antend ed his first effort is sar casim mwas profound thereis yor litl cavp said he
	layer_6: of luck ottended is first effort is sar casm wos profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_8: if luck antended his first effort his sarrocasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_10: if luck attended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your little calv said he
	layer_12: if luck antended his first effort his sarrochasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which you leckt the have me tototo yo or dyou wreck an you couad tobod this far with you ar littlowdarn
	layer_4: which you leckt to have me todto to you or do you reck an you could tobtle this for with you r little odiron
	layer_6: which you lak to have me totid to you or doou reckon you could totle this far with you r little od iron
	layer_8: would you like to have me toti to you or do you reckon you could todle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me toated to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little oad iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me toated to you or d' you reckon you could totddle this far with your little oad iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: to wardinown the work slact
	layer_4: toward now n the work slact
	layer_6: toward nown the work slace
	layer_8: toward non the work slacked
	layer_10: toward noon the work slaked
	layer_12: toward noon the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finmaly hom a rod over to the calen men and repoartd the brand in finished
	layer_4: finally homarode over to the catlenmen and reporteo the brand in finished
	layer_6: fially home rode over to the catliement and reported the brand in finished
	layer_8: finally homa rode over to the catlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_10: finally homer rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished
	layer_12: finally homer rode over to the cattlement and reported the brandon finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the lattr cound r the marks inhss talle book
	layer_4: the latter counter the marks in his tally book
	layer_6: the latter count erf the maroks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counted the marks in his talle book
	layer_10: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter counted the marks in his talley book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundred n sevenly six he anounsee
	layer_4: one hundred and seventy six he an ounced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred and seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: the markr squated on ther hels tlldove the biso vears they ate saved
	layer_4: the markars squated on their hels told over the bits o ers ley hat saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their hls told over the bidts of ers they had saved
	layer_8: the markes squatted on their heels toled over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: bhu tole a mounid to but en hundr n seveny five
	layer_4: but toble amounted to but and hundred and seveny five
	layer_6: but tolle amounted to but in hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: but total amounted to button hundred an seventy five
	layer_10: but total amounted to button hundred and seventy five
	layer_12: but total amounted to button hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fonly wouldn' de scoverd idei has hi pocket
	layer_4: finlly woudn'ti scoveredit an his hit pocket
	layer_6: finally wouldnent discovered it ind his hitp pocket
	layer_8: finally wouldn't discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_10: finally woodn'dt discover it in his hip pocket
	layer_12: finally woodn'd discover it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: theyad been doin a reslers have you workal the mornin tha did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doin arrestlers heave you work all the morn an thet did not seem to betired
	layer_6: they had been doing a restlers heavey work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a so wencs as somecraink visicil cultr periouticale that a caboas life was visicalyled bounce lican orsments in thated extuer siys nonls certai muses othe body
	layer_4: a so once a some crank pisicale culture perioticl that a caboy's life was vysicaly ild bounce likean orsmans in that itd exure cise donly certain muscles o the body
	layer_6: i' some once a some crank physical culture perioticale that a cawboy's life was physically illd bouanced like anorsmens in that it exercized donly certain muscls afe the body
	layer_8: of some once a some crankd physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill bolanced like a norsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: off some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: off some once a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

