file: 3660-172183-0000.flac
expected: geraint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments
	layer_2: draint as he had been usedto do when he was at at thas cout frequintoturnimentce
	layer_4: duraint as he had ben used to do when he was at out thi's court frequent to terniments
	layer_6: draint as he had been used to do when he was at othu's court frequent eterniaments
	layer_8: draint as he had been used to do when he was at athour's court frequente turnaments
	layer_10: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthour's court frequented tournaments
	layer_12: draint as he had been used to do when he was at arthur's court frequented tournaments

file: 3660-172183-0001.flac
expected: before geraint the scourge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_2: beforederaint the scod to the enimy i sa steds wite with thome and after the shout of battl i fareful toreant
	layer_4: before dourint the scod to the enemy i saw steeds white with fhome and after the shout of battle i farful torent
	layer_6: before deuraint the scorge of the enemy i saw  steeds white with fomb and after the shout of battle a farful torrent
	layer_8: before geurant the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_10: before gurant the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent
	layer_12: before gurant the scorge of the enemy i saw steeds white with foam and after the shout of battle a fearful torrent

file: 3660-172183-0002.flac
expected: these tidings came to erbin
	layer_2: thes titings camederban
	layer_4: these tidings camedto erban
	layer_6: these tidings came to urban
	layer_8: these tidings came to urbon
	layer_10: these tidings came to urban
	layer_12: these tidings came to urban

file: 3660-172183-0003.flac
expected: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_2: not ey by my confession un to heaven said she ther was nothing wae ha fl unto me the ntiss
	layer_4: not ey by my confession unto heaven said she there ws nothing what hatful unto me than this
	layer_6: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing wor hateful unto me than this
	layer_8: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_10: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this
	layer_12: not i by my confession unto heaven said she there is nothing more hateful unto me than this

file: 3660-172183-0004.flac
expected: and the tears she shed and the words she had spoken awoke him
	layer_2: and the tis she said in the word hdspoken a wak him
	layer_4: and the tis she said in the word she hd spokin a wolkhim
	layer_6: and the tis she said in the word she had spoken o wolk him
	layer_8: and thetis she said in the word she had spoken awolke him
	layer_10: and tha tis she said in the word she had spoken o wolkem
	layer_12: and tha tis she said in the word she had spoken o wolkem

file: 3660-172183-0005.flac
expected: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_2: and evill betied me said he if thou returnes ean till thou knost wether ihave los my string so complyle as thou dis say
	layer_4: and evill be tied me said he if thou returnest her antil thou nostd whether i have los my string so complyly as thou distsay
	layer_6: and evill be tied me said he if thou returnest here until thou knost whether i have lost my strength so completly as thou des say
	layer_8: and evil betie me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowst whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou distsay
	layer_10: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say
	layer_12: and evil betide me said he if thou returnest here until thou knowest whether i have lost my strength so completely as thou didst say

file: 3660-172183-0006.flac
expected: then geraint went to see erbin
	layer_2: then jurain went to see erban
	layer_4: then duraint went to se erban
	layer_6: then gerain went to see erban
	layer_8: then gerain went to see urbin
	layer_10: then geran went to see urbon
	layer_12: then geran went to see urbon

file: 3660-172183-0007.flac
expected: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_2: sir said heind going uponta quest an i m not certain hon i may come back
	layer_4: sir said hei'n going upon to'quest and i am not certain when i ma come back
	layer_6: sir said he i'm going upon to quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_8: sir said he i am going upon ta quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_10: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back
	layer_12: sir said he i am going upon a quest and i am not certain when i may come back

file: 3660-172183-0008.flac
expected: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_2: take eed theirefo unto thi posetions antil mi ryturn
	layer_4: take hed therefore un to thy possesions intill my return
	layer_6: take hed therefore unto thy possesions until my return
	layer_8: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_10: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return
	layer_12: take heed therefore unto thy possessions until my return

file: 3660-172183-0009.flac
expected: but one person only will go with me
	layer_2: but one prson only wol goat me
	layer_4: but one persont only woul got me
	layer_6: but one person only will got me
	layer_8: but one person only will got me
	layer_10: but one person only will got me
	layer_12: but one person only will got me

file: 3660-172183-0010.flac
expected: and he desired enid to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_2: and he desid ena tomount her hos and tirid foed in e keop a long way bevo him
	layer_4: and he desiede eni to mount her horse and toried foard in to keep a long way befvore him
	layer_6: and he desied eni to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_8: and he desired ina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_10: and he desired ina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him
	layer_12: and he desired ina to mount her horse and to ride forward and to keep a long way before him

file: 3660-172183-0011.flac
expected: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_2: and an les i spekun to thy say not thou one word ether
	layer_4: and unless i spek unto the say not thou one word either
	layer_6: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_8: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_10: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either
	layer_12: and unless i speak unto thee say not thou one word either

file: 3660-172183-0012.flac
expected: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat and my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_2: and though thou shoucs desid a see mygh to fe in my death by the handsor thos men yet to wie thiel knodret
	layer_4: and though thou shoults desid a see my tofeet in my death by the hands of thosemem yet to wie teel know dred
	layer_6: and though thou shouldst desiede to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_8: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_10: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread
	layer_12: and though thou shouldst desire to see my defeat in my death by the hands of those men yet do i feel no dread

file: 3660-172183-0013.flac
expected: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_2: and he reseeved him and that not febly
	layer_4: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_6: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_8: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_10: and he received him and that not feebly
	layer_12: and he received him and that not feebly

file: 3660-172183-0014.flac
expected: and say not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_2: an saye not one word unto me and les i speek first unto the
	layer_4: an sayn not one word unto me unless i speak first unto the
	layer_6: in sayi not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_8: in sayig not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_10: in saying not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee
	layer_12: in saying not one word unto me unless i speak first unto thee

file: 3660-172183-0015.flac
expected: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_2: i will do was fir s i can lon said she acor ing to thie dsire
	layer_4: i will do was far as i can low ad said she according to thy desire
	layer_6: i will do as far as i can lad said she according to thy desire
	layer_8: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_10: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire
	layer_12: i will do as far as i can lord said she according to thy desire

file: 3660-172183-0016.flac
expected: ah maiden said he it is vain to attempt proceeding forward
	layer_2: a maden' said he it is vain to a temperoceting ford
	layer_4: i made en said he it his vain to attemproceeding forwad
	layer_6: i madeen said he it is vain to a temproceeding forward
	layer_8: ah maiden said he it is vain to attemp peroceding forward
	layer_10: a maiden said he it is vain to a temp preceeding forward
	layer_12: a maiden said he it is vain to a temp proceeding forward

file: 3660-172183-0017.flac
expected: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watch the horses and sleep not
	layer_2: i cannot by any mean refraind from sleepe tho wearinesaid he to thoue they refor wash the housas and slaepe not
	layer_4: i cannot by any means refrand from sleep through wearignes sid he do thou therefore watsh o the horsees ind sleepe not
	layer_6: i cannot by any means refraing from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_8: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not
	layer_10: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore watsh the horses and sleep not
	layer_12: i cannot by any means refrain from sleep through weariness said he do thou therefore wash the horses and sleep not

file: 3660-172183-0018.flac
expected: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_2: i whenc yoeu sw the done of day apar she lookedirround erd a see if yo wiarwaking in theirepon he wok
	layer_4: when syou saw the done of day a pare she looked arround o ta se if he wilre waking land ther upon he wolk
	layer_6: ad when you saw the dawn of day appeair she looked around her to see if he were waking len thereupon he woke
	layer_8: and when she saw the dawn of day appeair she looked around her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_10: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked round her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke
	layer_12: and when she saw the dawn of day appear she looked round her to see if he were waking and thereupon he woke

file: 3660-172183-0019.flac
expected: and they left the wood and they came to an open country with meadows on one hand and mowers mowing the meadows
	layer_2: and they lef the word in they came to an opfen countor with medols on one han and mo was mowling the medows
	layer_4: and they left the word in the came to and open countue with medals on one hand and mowas moing the medows
	layer_6: and they left the wood and they came to an open countyr wth meaals on one hand and mo as mowing the maows
	layer_8: and they left the wood and they came to an open county with medalws on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows
	layer_10: an they left the wood and they came to an open country with metals on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows
	layer_12: an they left the wood and they came to an open country with metals on one hand and mo was mowing the meadows

file: 3660-172183-0020.flac
expected: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_2: my lod he aded wil al be disipleasingto the af i as whence thou cone hest alsom
	layer_4: my lord he aded will a be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou come istdall some
	layer_6: my lord he added will if be displeasing to the if i ask wence thou comeest also
	layer_8: my lord he added wll it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_10: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also
	layer_12: my lord he added will it be displeasing to thee if i ask whence thou comest also

file: 3660-172183-0021.flac
expected: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_2: will thou foul my councle said the youth an take thy meel fro me
	layer_4: wi'll thou fouol mi counsel said the youth and take thy meal fo me
	layer_6: will thou fouow my council said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_8: wilt thou foulow my councel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_10: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me
	layer_12: wilt thou follow my counsel said the youth and take thy meal from me

file: 3660-172183-0022.flac
expected: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_2: wat sert of me he inquid
	layer_4: what' sort of meale he unquired
	layer_6: what' sort of meal heinquired
	layer_8: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_10: what sort of meal he inquired
	layer_12: what sort of meal he inquired

file: 3660-172183-0023.flac
expected: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_2: tha they washed an took ther repast
	layer_4: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_6: then they washed and took their repastd
	layer_8: then they washed and took their repast
	layer_10: then they wached and took their repast
	layer_12: then they wached and took their repast

file: 3660-172183-0024.flac
expected: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_2: i go nowlord said he to meet the night in to condacd him to hs ladging
	layer_4: i go ow lord said he to meet the night and to condact him to his lodging
	layer_6: i go now lord said he to meet the night and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_8: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_10: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging
	layer_12: i go now lord said he to meet the knight and to conduct him to his lodging

file: 3660-172183-0025.flac
expected: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_2: i will do lod said she as thou sayest
	layer_4: i will do lod said she as thou saest
	layer_6: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_8: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_10: i will do lord said she as thou sayest
	layer_12: i will do lord said she as thou sayest

file: 3660-172183-0026.flac
expected: and after they had eaten and drank geraint went to sleep and so did enid also
	layer_2: and et r the d eadn an drank deran wen tisleep and soted eanid also
	layer_4: and afer they had eaten and drank draine went to sleep and soted enid allso
	layer_6: and afer they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and sotad en it also
	layer_8: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did ean it also
	layer_10: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did eant it also
	layer_12: and after they had eaten and drank drain went to sleep and so did eant it also

file: 3660-6517-0000.flac
expected: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_2: the date seem un an pod but thrut thepparied the offesan men of the ship have veen unremitingly busy
	layer_4: the date seem un unpot but throout the peried the ofes and men of the ship have been unremitdingly busy
	layer_6: the date seam unimpornt but throgout the piriod the offies and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_8: the date seem unimportat but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_10: the date seem unimportant but throughout the period the officers and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy
	layer_12: the dates seem unimportant but throughout the period the offices and men of the ship have been unremittingly busy

file: 3660-6517-0001.flac
expected: bowers attacked the ship's stores surveyed relisted and restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_2: bous attac the shipstos served relisst in re stod them saiving very mushpace by unsto agnomrs cates and stoig the contens in the laser et
	layer_4: bowas a tack the shipstos surved realist inda restoled them saving very much paced by unstoig numeros cases and stoig the contens in the lazaret
	layer_6: bows attackd the ship's tors surveyed relistia restoed them saving very much space by unstoig numerous cases ind stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_8: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relistend restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_10: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relistednd restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette
	layer_12: bows attacked the ship's tores surveyed relistedd restowed them saving very much space by unstowing numerous cases and stowing the contents in the lazarette

file: 3660-6517-0002.flac
expected: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two daily efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_2: wiuthout steem the le cannow be kept under with the hand pon by two dearly efits of a qarder ofan ourto twentyminutcs
	layer_4: without steem the let cannow be kept under with the hand pom by two dearly effits of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_6: without steam the lek canol be kept under with the handpum by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_8: without steam the leak cannow be kept under with the handpump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_10: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes
	layer_12: without steam the leak can now be kept under with the hand pump by two dearly efforts of a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes

file: 3660-6517-0003.flac
expected: as the ship was and in her present heavily laden condition it would certainly have taken three to four hours each day
	layer_2: as ha ship was and nd ar presen hevily lat in condition would certainly ove tak anthreat iffor is each day
	layer_4: as ae ship was and in er present heavily lade in condition whoud certainly ovf takond threeeto for i ws each day
	layer_6: as the ship was and in er present heavily laid in condition i wuld certainly have taken three to four i was each day
	layer_8: as the ship was and in her present heavily lad in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hiu s each day
	layer_10: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hous each day
	layer_12: as the ship was and in her present heavily laid in condition it would certainly have taken three to four hous each day

file: 3660-6517-0004.flac
expected: the large green tent was put up and proper supports made for it
	layer_2: the lag greentent was put up and propasipforts mad vord
	layer_4: the lige green tent was put up and proposipports mad vort
	layer_6: the lage green tent was put up and propes affords made ford
	layer_8: the large green tent was put up and proper sifforts made for it
	layer_10: the large green tent was put up and proper suffords made for i
	layer_12: the large green tent was put up and proper suffords made for i

file: 3660-6517-0005.flac
expected: the engine room staff and anderson's people on the engines scientists were stowing their laboratories the cook refitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_2: the engernhom stap an andisus people on the engens sin tis was stoing their levertose the cokry fitting his galy and solfoth lot a singl spought but had ids band of workers
	layer_4: the entermhom staf and andisness people on the engions sintis wis stoing their lavertorge the cookre fitting his galy and soforth ot a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_6: the enger ooms staff and andisness people on the engincs scientis wasl stoing their labators the cook ry fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_8: the ingrrooms staff and andises people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboators the cook ry fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of warkers
	layer_10: the enginroom staff and andesn's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers
	layer_12: the engiroom staff and andesn's people on the engines scientist was stowing their laboratories the cookery fitting his galley and so forth not a single spot but had its band of workers

file: 3660-6517-0006.flac
expected: the men's space such as it is therefore extends from the fore hatch to the stem on the main deck
	layer_2: the menspace such es is theyiefortens from thefo hatch the stemm on he mainduack
	layer_4: the men space such as itis they arforkstends from the for hatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_6: the men space such as it is they afor ktends from the forhatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_8: the men space such as it is theraforextends from the fowrehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_10: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck
	layer_12: the men space such as it is therefore extends from the forehatch the stem on the main deck

file: 3660-6517-0007.flac
expected: under the forecastle are stalls for fifteen ponies the maximum the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is packed tight with fodder
	layer_2: undorthe forcasloar sdalvs e fifteen ponies te maxeonon the space would hold the norrow earegulu space an frunt as pack tat woitdh futer
	layer_4: under the forcaselor stolves worf fifteen ponit the maxel on the space would hold the narrow eiregulou space and front is pack tate woith fougter
	layer_6: under the foure castlor stolls wore fifteen poniesh the maxel on thi space would hold the narrow irregulout space ind front is pack tighte with faugter
	layer_8: under the forecastl or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxil on the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with fodter
	layer_10: under the forecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maximimn the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with fodder
	layer_12: under the forecastle or stalls for fifteen ponies the maxilim the space would hold the narrow irregular space in front is pack tight with fodder

file: 3660-6517-0008.flac
expected: immediately behind the forecastle bulkhead is the small booby hatch the only entrance to the men's mess deck in bad weather
	layer_2: metlyld behind the for castlbulkcateis ta small bl behatch the onliengees to the men's mestack an bad wether
	layer_4: meetely behind the foure castle bolcate is the small boubihatch the onlyenjes to the men's mesteck and badwether
	layer_6: imeeatly behind the forcastle bokate as a small boobyhatch the only enges to the men's mesteck and badweather
	layer_8: immeatly behind the fourecastle bokade is a small boubyhatch the only enges tof the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_10: immediately behind the forecastle bulkead is a small boubihatch the only engest to the men's mesteck in bad weather
	layer_12: immediately behind the forecastle bulkead is a small boobihatch the only engest to the men's mesteck in bad weather

file: 3660-6517-0009.flac
expected: abaft the fore hatch is the ice house
	layer_2: abaf the for haches the asous
	layer_4: abafht the fore hach s the isehouse
	layer_6: about the forehatch as the isehouse
	layer_8: abot the forehatch is the ice house
	layer_10: abote the forehatch is the ice house
	layer_12: above the fore hatch is the ice house

file: 3660-6517-0010.flac
expected: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two carcases of mutton and three carcases of beef besides some boxes of sweetbreads and kidneys into this space
	layer_2: we manis hoe ged threet tens of ace one hundered sixtyto cackases of muten and three cak ases of beaf besiedes ome baks of swet breds and kidines intot hi spase
	layer_4: we mani to get three tones of ice one hundred sixcly two cockisas of motton and three cokisas of beef besitesom boxs of sweet breads and kidnes into the space
	layer_6: we manae to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cocases of motton and three coccuses of beef beside some boxs of sweet breads and kidnes into thes space
	layer_8: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two caxases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxs of sweet breads and kidneys into thi space
	layer_10: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space
	layer_12: we managed to get three tons of ice one hundred sixty two cacases of mutton and three cacases of beef besides some boxes of sweet breads and kidneys into this space

file: 3660-6517-0011.flac
expected: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deck cargo and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_2: the sax montening thiss last at ito the goods alra dyimentiond make a really heavey dec cago and one has natualy axias concerningon butarey th ing ther con be done by lashing an scuring has bendon
	layer_4: the sax contending this last atit to the goods alreadymentioned make a really heavy deck cago and one as naturaly anxius concerning it but everythe ig the can be done by lashing andscuring has ban done
	layer_6: the sax contending this last addi to the goods aleady mentioned make a really heavy deck kago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everythinig thet can be done by lashing andiscuring has been done
	layer_8: the sacks containding this last addit to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy deccago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and de scuring has been done
	layer_10: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy dec cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done
	layer_12: the sacks containing this last added to the goods already mentioned make a really heavy dec cago and one is naturally anxious concerning it but everything that can be done by lashing and securing has been done

file: 3660-6517-0012.flac
expected: forage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed oaten hay from melbourne
	layer_2: forage iriguanly orgte tharty touns of compresst ot an ha from melboen
	layer_4: forige irigialy orded thirty tons of compressed otan hay from melbone
	layer_6: forige iiorigially orded thirty tons of compressed ot an hay from melbone
	layer_8: forige i originally orded thirty tuns of compressed ot and hay from melbone
	layer_10: forwige i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed ote and hay from melbone
	layer_12: forwage i originally ordered thirty tons of compressed ote and hay from melbone

file: 3660-6517-0013.flac
expected: the scene is wholly enchanting and such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_2: the seeme is holy incheanting in such of vew fom sone shelted suny corner an agide which blase with mases of reding gold and flows tenstifelings of  in thexpressible satis factr with all thingcs
	layer_4: the scem is wholy inchanting in such o view fom some shelted sunny corner in agoden which blaces with masces of read ing golden flous tenstofheelings of  in thexprescible satisfaction with all things
	layer_6: the sceme is wholy inchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a goden which blazes with masses of read ang golden flowhs tens to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_8: the sceme is wholly enchanting in such a view from some shelted sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowes tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_10: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things
	layer_12: the scene is wholly enchanting an such a view from some sheltered sunny corner in a garden which blazes with masses of red and golden flowers tends to feelings of inexpressible satisfaction with all things

file: 3660-6517-0014.flac
expected: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_2: a greate nasa peoplea sembled
	layer_4: a great mass a people as sembled
	layer_6: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_8: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_10: a great mass of people assembled
	layer_12: a great mass of people assembled

file: 3660-6517-0015.flac
expected: k and i lunched with a party in the new zealand company's ship ruapehu
	layer_2: can i lnct with t e pody in thesiunl an company shep wrpoho
	layer_4: can i lunch with he poty ing the zeel an company ship ruepoho
	layer_6: ca an i lunch with the party in the mzea and company ship ruporwho
	layer_8: cay and i lunch with a party in the mzel an companyship rupeho
	layer_10: kay and i lunch with the party in the mzealan companyship rupaho
	layer_12: kay and i lunch with the party in the nezealand companyship rupaho

file: 3660-6517-0016.flac
expected: telegram to say terra nova had arrived sunday night
	layer_2: teld ram to say teare a nove had ariv sunde night
	layer_4: tellad gram to say teronnovberhad arrive sundi night
	layer_6: telegram to say terronover had herived sundayng night
	layer_8: telegramed to say teronova had arrivsed sunday night
	layer_10: telegram to say teronoba had arrived sunday night
	layer_12: telegram to say teronoba had arrived sunday night

file: 3660-6517-0017.flac
expected: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop in the space hitherto occupied by the after winch
	layer_2: a thirdce ledgeden tocross the breake o the poopin es pace harther to alrkupied by the after winch
	layer_4: a thirdsledget inds ocross the breake of the poop en het space herther two arcupied by they after winch
	layer_6: a third s ledgedt inds across the break of the poop and tet space her the two arcupied by they after winch
	layer_8: a third sledge sdands across the break of the poop ind es space hirtherto occupied by they after winch
	layer_10: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop an a space hitherto occupied by the afterwinch
	layer_12: a third sledge stands across the break of the poop and a space hitherto occupied by the after winch

file: 3660-6517-0018.flac
expected: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_2: the quaneiliis to an have tns and the space acupyd considerable
	layer_4: the quantitis to an a have tons and the space ocupied considerable
	layer_6: the quantity is to an a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_8: the quantity is two and half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_10: the quantity is two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable
	layer_12: the quantity os two and a half tons and the space occupied considerable

file: 3660-6517-0019.flac
expected: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_2: they ship was of a two fet by the sturn but this wil son be rumideyd
	layer_4: the ship was of a two feet by the stern but this will soon be reminid
	layer_6: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remiied
	layer_8: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remendied
	layer_10: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied
	layer_12: the ship was over two feet by the stern but this will soon be remedied

file: 3660-6517-0020.flac
expected: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelter is afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_2: they must perfors bechaned up and they rgiven what shelters the fort ed andeck but there position is nol endviabl
	layer_4: they must perforce be chaned up and they a given what shelters a forted ondeck but theire position is not enviable
	layer_6: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_8: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_10: they must perforce be chained up and they hare given what shelters afforded on deck but their position is not enviable
	layer_12: they must perforce be chained up and they are given what shelteris afforded on deck but their position is not enviable

file: 3660-6517-0021.flac
expected: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor beast emits a long pathetic whine
	layer_2: i is a patheric atitud deeply significin of cold ind misery casinly somepore besmits a long put thaticine
	layer_4: it is a pathetic atitude deeply significant of cold in misery casinly some por be samitsa long bu thatiq ine
	layer_6: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold an misery ocasionaly some poor besumits a long pathetic wine
	layer_8: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor bes umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_10: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery ocasionally some poor beest umits a long pathetic wine
	layer_12: it is a pathetic attitude deeply significant of cold and misery occasionally some poor best umits a long pathetic wine

file: 3660-6517-0022.flac
expected: there are generally one or two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_2: there a genly onetoe to one watch which eses matters but it is a squish
	layer_4: there ire genly onedd two on watch which eass matters but it is a squash
	layer_6: there are genally wanted too on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_8: there are generally onted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_10: there are generally onted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash
	layer_12: there are generally onted two on watch which eases matters but it is a squash

file: 3660-6517-0023.flac
expected: later in the day the wind has veered to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_2: lader in the day the wen his vead to the west wuld hating a slagtly
	layer_4: later in the day the wint his veared to the westwod heating a slightly
	layer_6: later in the day the wind his vered to the westwoaod heading as slightly
	layer_8: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward hetding us slightly
	layer_10: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly
	layer_12: later in the day the wind has veed to the westward heading us slightly

file: 3660-6517-0024.flac
expected: oates and atkinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_2: oht an aconsn with intemintinessistencr mothers wor busy keeping the ponies on thei leges
	layer_4: otan aconson with intermitenes sistance fro mothers wore busy keeping the pon ies on their legs
	layer_6: ots and aconson with intermitin assistance from others wore busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_8: oates and akinson with intermittan assistance from others were busy keeping the ponis on their legs
	layer_10: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs
	layer_12: oates and ackinson with intermittent assistance from others were busy keeping the ponies on their legs

file: 3660-6517-0025.flac
expected: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and re lashing the petrol cases et cetera in the best manner possible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_2: there was nothing fored but to graple with the evil an nhearly all h ands we laboring for hous in the waitds o the ship heaving col sactsof bord and re lashing the paturalcasesubsetdera and he best man uposible und te such difercult and dangereus sircumsances
	layer_4: there was nothing fora ait but to grapl with the evil n neaely all hands will laboring for hours in the waits tof the ship heaving coal sax ofvar bord and relashing the patural casesb seter in the best man a possible unde such diffircult and dangeros circumcances
	layer_6: there was nothing forw it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands wee labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coald sax overboard an relashing the petral casesbcetera in the best man apossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_8: there was nothing forw id but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waigst of the ship heaving coal sacks overboard and relashing the petril casesecetera in the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_10: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were laboring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petroal cases et cetera and the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances
	layer_12: there was nothing for it but to grapple with the evil and nearly all hands were labouring for hours in the waist of the ship heaving coal secks overboard and relashing the petrol cases et cetera and the best man ifpossible under such difficult and dangerous circumstances

file: 3660-6517-0026.flac
expected: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_2: no soon was some semplance of oarter restod an soe icceptionly heavy wav would tar way the lashing an the work adto be dont allover gin
	layer_4: no soone was some semblance of oarder restod and some exceptionally heavy wayve would teraway the lashing an the work had to be don all over again
	layer_6: no soonor was some semblance of order restored tan some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_8: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_10: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again
	layer_12: no sooner was some semblance of order restored than some exceptionally heavy wave would tear away the lashing and the work had to be done all over again

file: 3660-6517-0027.flac
expected: from this moment about four a m the engine room became the centre of interest
	layer_2: from this moment about foriam the engeron became the sentr ofv interest
	layer_4: from this moment about for iam the enderon became the centr of interest
	layer_6: from this moment about for iam the ingeroom became the e centre of interest
	layer_8: from this moment about fhour i m the ingiroom became the centre of interest
	layer_10: from this moment about four i am the enginoom became the centre of interest
	layer_12: from this moment about four i m the enginoom became the centre of interest

file: 3660-6517-0028.flac
expected: the water gained in spite of every effort
	layer_2: the wat aganed hisbyte of everyeft
	layer_4: the wat agained hispite of every effit
	layer_6: the wat e gained his spite of every afit
	layer_8: the wader gained his spite of every affit
	layer_10: the wade gained his spite of every effot
	layer_12: the wade gained his spite of every effot

file: 3660-6517-0029.flac
expected: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_2: the out leok apad grem
	layer_4: the out look a peared groim
	layer_6: the outlook appeared grimh
	layer_8: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_10: the outlook appeared grim
	layer_12: the outlook appeared grims

file: 3660-6517-0030.flac
expected: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_2: they mount of wade wards aus being mad with the ship so rufly handed was most an sertain
	layer_4: the amount of wate whac as being made with the ship so rughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_6: the amount of water which as being made with the ship so rughtly handled was most uncertain
	layer_8: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_10: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain
	layer_12: the amount of water which was being made with the ship so roughly handled was most uncertain

file: 3660-6517-0031.flac
expected: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_2: will hims hadto confesshe was beaten in must droafis what was taf be don
	layer_4: willams had to confess he was beaten int must draw fires what was o be done
	layer_6: williams had to confesshy was beaten ind must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_8: williams had to confess he was beaten in must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_10: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done
	layer_12: williams had to confess he was beaten and must draw fires what was to be done

file: 3660-6517-0032.flac
expected: the bilge pump is dependent on the main engine
	layer_2: the buode prompers tepended on the main engion
	layer_4: the builgh prombers depended on the man engan
	layer_6: the builg prompes depended on the main engine
	layer_8: the bilg prompise depended on the main engine
	layer_10: the billage prompace dependet on the main engine
	layer_12: the billage prompice dependent on the main engine

file: 3660-6517-0033.flac
expected: on one occasion i was waist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_2: on oneiccagion i as wai steep waen stainding on the ral of the folo
	layer_4: on one occasion i was way sdeep wen standing on the rail of the po
	layer_6: on one occasion i was way steep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_8: on one occasion i was ways deep when standing on the rail of the poo
	layer_10: on one occasion i was weist deep when standing on the rail of the poop
	layer_12: on one occasion i was weist deep when standing on the rail of the poop

file: 3660-6517-0034.flac
expected: the afterguard were organised in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safeguard of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to bale her out
	layer_2: the aftrgd were organise and to pod hisd by ev ans to work buckets the men wae kap steadly going on the choed hand pomps the seemedawl ther cold bedon forthe moment and wat amaged o coun os tha sol safcot of the ship from sinking practicgaly in attemp to beailar out
	layer_4: the aftergod wiere organised and two pidies by evens to workd buckets the men woe kept steadly going on the choked hand pumps the seemed all the ould be done fof the moment and want ameajued to ccount as the soul safe got of the ship from sinking practicaly in attempt to bail ar out
	layer_6: the after god were oganized and two poties by evens to work buckets the men wule kept steadily going on the choked handpumps thi seemed all thet could be done for the moment and wat a meagure tac count as the sol safe got of the ship from sinking practically in attempt to baile a out
	layer_8: the after god were organized in two porties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the sole safe god of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile hr out
	layer_10: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the soule safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile her out
	layer_12: the after god were organized in two parties by evans to work buckets the men were kept steadily going on the choked hand pumps this seemed all that could be done for the moment and what a measure to count as the soule safegod of the ship from sinking practically an attempt to baile her out

file: 3660-6517-0035.flac
expected: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only saved by his chain
	layer_2: ac caginly a heavy see would bere one of the moway and het was anly say by his chan
	layer_4: accasionlly a heavyo see would bear one of the moway and he was only save y his chan
	layer_6: occasionally a heavy se would bear one of the maway and he was only save by his chain
	layer_8: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_10: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain
	layer_12: occasionally a heavy sea would bear one of them away and he was only save by his chain

file: 3660-172182-0000.flac
expected: now this is how arthur hunted the stag
	layer_2: nowthis 's how ather hunted the stag
	layer_4: now this is how athor hunded the stag
	layer_6: now this is how authur hunded te stag
	layer_8: now this is how athur hunted a stag
	layer_10: now this is how author hunted the stag
	layer_12: now this is how author hunted the stag

file: 3660-172182-0001.flac
expected: and the last dog that was let loose was the favorite dog of arthur cavall was his name
	layer_2: an the las dod it was let lose was a favoric dogo ather cove o was his naeme
	layer_4: an the last doggd at was let loce was a favorit dog of ather coval was his name
	layer_6: in the last dogtat was let loose was a favorite dog of athur cavall was his name
	layer_8: and the last dog tat was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur kaval was his name
	layer_10: and the last dog that was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur kaval was his name
	layer_12: and the last dog thit was let loose was a favorite dog of arthur caval was his name

file: 3660-172182-0002.flac
expected: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_2: then they sound of the det horn fo slaying an they alrgathi drut
	layer_4: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathed roud
	layer_6: then they sound of the death horne for slaying and they all gathered roud
	layer_8: then they sound of the death horn for slaying and they all gathered around
	layer_10: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round
	layer_12: then they sounded the death horn for slaying and they all gathered round

file: 3660-172182-0003.flac
expected: one wished that it should be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_2: one wished that i sh begivento the lady best belove by him and ano thet to the lady whom he loved bast
	layer_4: one wish t that i hu be givento the lady best beloved by him and anow tha to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_6: one wishd that itshu be givento the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_8: one wished that i hold be given to the lady best beloved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_10: one wished that it houl be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best
	layer_12: one wished that it soud be given to the lady best be loved by him and another to the lady whom he loved best

file: 3660-172182-0004.flac
expected: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of large stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armor
	layer_2: and aftermid day thay be held an un shaply litleman uponahose and afteor hime a dame ore damsl alsol one hosback and apto her anight of lge statchure bou down an hangg is had low in sorewfully aen clad in broken and worthles hammer
	layer_4: and after mid day they be held an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame ora damsl also one hosback and afte her a knight of lige statcher boud down an hanging his head lo and sorrwfully in clad in broken and worthlss amer
	layer_6: and after amid day they beheld an unshapely little man upon a hose and after him a dame or damsel also on hoseback and after her a knight of lige statur bowed down and hanginghis head lo aned sorrowfully an clad in broken and worthless amor
	layer_8: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head lo and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_10: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of loge stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour
	layer_12: and after midday they beheld an unshapely little man upon a horse and after him a dame or a damsel also on horseback and after her a knight of lodge stature bowed down and hanging his head low and sorrowfully and clad in broken and worthless armour

file: 3660-172182-0005.flac
expected: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom geraint pursued and methinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_2: i know not wo they ou said he but i ko said gone over this is the night hom juraint posud and met thing that he comes not er by is own fre will
	layer_4: i know not ho they a said he but i kno said guine of er this is the nightwhom jiraint porsud and me things that he comes not hear by his own fre will
	layer_6: i know not who they are said he but i know said guinover this is the night whom jeraint pursud and me things that he comes not heare by his own freewill
	layer_8: i know not who they are said he but i know said guenever this is the knight whom jeraint pursutd and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_10: i know not who they are said he but i know said gwenaver this is the knight whom gerrante pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will
	layer_12: i know not who they are said he but i know said gwenaver this is the knight whom jerrant pursued and me thinks that he comes not here by his own free will

file: 3660-172182-0006.flac
expected: but geraint has overtaken him and avenged the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_2: butgurantes of atakonamin avengy in sulto the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_4: but juraintes of a takenim in evength insult to the maden to the uttermost
	layer_6: but jeraintas overtaken hm an avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_8: but gerant has overtaken im and avenged the insult of the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_10: but gerente has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost
	layer_12: but gerente has overtaken him and avenge the insult to the maiden to the uttermost

file: 3660-172182-0007.flac
expected: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_2: lady said he ant the gate the ias anight and i son never a man of so putifl an aspecto liok upon ashe
	layer_4: ladysaid he at the gate the as a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspecto look upon as he
	layer_6: lady said he at the gate there is a night and i saw never a man of so pitiful and aspect to look upon is he
	layer_8: lady said he at the gate there is a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_10: lady said he at the gate there wis a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he
	layer_12: lady said he at the gate there wis a knight and i saw never a man of so pitiful an aspect to look upon as he

file: 3660-172182-0008.flac
expected: i do said he he tells me that he is edeyrn the son of nudd
	layer_2: i do said he e telse me that he his etterin the some of nod
	layer_4: i do said he he tells me that he is ederan the some of nod
	layer_6: i do said he he tells me that he is eterone the sum of nud
	layer_8: i do said he he tells me that he is ederen the sum of nud
	layer_10: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the sun of nud
	layer_12: i do said he he tells me that he is ederin the sumn of nud

file: 3660-172182-0009.flac
expected: then she replied i know him not
	layer_2: then sherie plied i' kno him noht
	layer_4: then she replied i know him not
	layer_6: then she replied i know him not
	layer_8: then she replied i know him not
	layer_10: then she replied i know him not
	layer_12: then she replied i know him not

file: 3660-172182-0010.flac
expected: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_2: su gone of er wento the gae to meete him an he entered
	layer_4: sogone of er went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_6: soi guinover went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_8: so guenevert went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_10: so genever went to the gate to meet him and he entered
	layer_12: so guenever went to the gate to meet him and he entered

file: 3660-172182-0011.flac
expected: and geraint greets thee well and in greeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_2: and deran greaeds thy well and angreading the he compelld me t o comehither to do thei pleasju fal h insult which thy maden receeivd from the de waf no weadid y of atakt the
	layer_4: and dirand greeds the well and engreeding the he compelled me to come hear ther to do thoy pleasure for the insut which thy made n received from the dwalf no erdid he ofv atake the
	layer_6: and duraint greets the well and ingreeing the he compelled me to come herther to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy made and received from the dwarf nowhere did he overtake thee
	layer_8: and deraint grees thee well and ingreeing thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maidn received from the dwarf no where did he overtake thee
	layer_10: and deraint greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden receive from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee
	layer_12: and durrant greets thee well and ingreeting thee he compelled me to come hither to do thy pleasure for the insult which thy maiden received from the dwarf now where did he overtake thee

file: 3660-172182-0012.flac
expected: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraint will be here
	layer_2: sir said she when thinke esdow that dourantd will be her
	layer_4: sir said she when think es tou that durained will be here
	layer_6: sir said she when thinkest thou that gerained will be here
	layer_8: sir said she when thinkest thou that geraned will be here
	layer_10: sir said she when thinkest thou that guraind will be here
	layer_12: sir said she when thinkest thou that gurand will be here

file: 3660-172182-0013.flac
expected: to morrow lady i think he will be here with the maiden
	layer_2: to moar lae mi think ul be har wrt the matin
	layer_4: to morla i think you will be her wath the matn
	layer_6: to morowla i think you will be her wit the maiten
	layer_8: to morrow ladty i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_10: to morrow laty i think you will be here with the maiten
	layer_12: to morrow laty i think you will be here with the maiten

file: 3660-172182-0014.flac
expected: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_2: i am lod said he andi have met with much trouble ian received woom's unsupportable
	layer_4: i am lod said he and i have met with much trouble and received wouns unsupportable
	layer_6: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_8: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_10: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable
	layer_12: i am lord said he and i have met with much trouble and received wounds unsupportable

file: 3660-172182-0015.flac
expected: well said arthur from what i hear it behooves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_2: wel all ather fo what i hereit bewhoes gnver to be mrusful to ods they
	layer_4: well talloauthere fom hat i here it behoese gunver to be mersful toods the
	layer_6: well hell auther from what i heare it bewhose gwinever to be merceful towards thee
	layer_8: well tel arthur from what i hear it behoves guenever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_10: well tel arthur from what i hear it behooves genever to be merciful towards thee
	layer_12: well tel arthur from what i hear it behooves genever to be merciful towards thee

file: 3660-172182-0016.flac
expected: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_2: the mersy which thoud desaras lod said she will i gran to him sinceitisas nsulting to the that an inselt should be offrd to me as to theyself
	layer_4: the mersy which thou desiris lod said she will i grant to him sinceit isas insulting to the that an insult should be offed to me as to thyself
	layer_6: the mercy which thou desirous lod said she will i grand to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_8: the mercy which thou desireest lord said she will i grant to him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_10: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself
	layer_12: the mercy which thou desirest lord said she will i grant t him since it is as insulting to thee that an insult should be offered to me as to thyself

file: 3660-172182-0017.flac
expected: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_2: thus wll be besto dos sadlather lethis man hade madc care antill o be known whetherh he main li
	layer_4: thus wi  be best to doe said ather let this man have meatic al care antil i be known whether he mayn liv
	layer_6: thus wilit be best to doe said athur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_8: thus will it be best to do said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_10: thus will it be best to dos said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live
	layer_12: thus will it be best to dos said arthur let this man have medical care until it be known whether he may live

file: 3660-172182-0018.flac
expected: to guenever and her handmaidens said he
	layer_2: to gwever n her han miden sid he
	layer_4: to gwiver an her hand maden said he
	layer_6: to guetov er in her hand maiden said he
	layer_8: to geve her in her hand maiden said he
	layer_10: to gaver in her hand maiden said he
	layer_12: to gwever in her hand maiden said he

file: 3660-172182-0019.flac
expected: and the steward of the household so ordered her
	layer_2: and the stuteof the houshol so orded her
	layer_4: in the sture of the househol so orded her
	layer_6: in the sted of the househol so orderd her
	layer_8: and the stewd of the household so ordered her
	layer_10: and the sted of the household so ordered her
	layer_12: and the sted of the household so ordered her

file: 3660-172182-0020.flac
expected: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seem'd so like his own of modred arthur's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_2: and being young he chaged himself and gr to hate the sin that seemed so like us on of modred at thes nefu and fellat last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_4: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his on of modred out he's nephew and fellet last in the great battle fighing for the king
	layer_6: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of modred ot he's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_8: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of maudred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_10: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of maudred otha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king
	layer_12: and being young he changed himself and grew to hate the sin that seemed so like his own of maudred atha's nephew and fell at last in the great battle fighting for the king

file: 3660-172182-0021.flac
expected: and when geraint came to the place where guenever was he saluted her
	layer_2: it when jerand came to the place wha one ofvher was he soloteder
	layer_4: in when durand came to the place wigone of her was he soluted her
	layer_6: and when jurained came to the place wie wone of her was he saluted her
	layer_8: and when dorane came to the place where ine of her was he saluted her
	layer_10: and when dorran came to the place where one of her was he saluted her
	layer_12: and when doran came to the place where one of her was he saluted her

file: 3660-172182-0022.flac
expected: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_2: then they wente in in dhismounted
	layer_4: then they went in in dismounted
	layer_6: then they went oin andismounted
	layer_8: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_10: then they went in and dismounted
	layer_12: then they went in and dismounted

file: 3660-172182-0023.flac
expected: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_2: heaven prtac thy said ather and the walkm of havend be unto thy
	layer_4: heaven protact thee said ather and the walkm of heavene be untothe
	layer_6: heaven protect thee said arther and the walcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_8: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_10: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee
	layer_12: heaven protect thee said arthur and the welcome of heaven be unto thee

file: 3660-172182-0024.flac
expected: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished edeyrn the son of nudd thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_2: and in is much is thou has vankuisht edneran the sone of nod thou hase had a prossproscurea
	layer_4: and in is much as houg has vanuished edneron the son of nud thou hast had a prospero's carea
	layer_6: and in as much as thou hast vanquished ednorane the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carea
	layer_8: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednirin the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous carear
	layer_10: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurun the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career
	layer_12: and inasmuch as thou hast vanquished ednurun the son of nud thou hast had a prosperous career

file: 3660-172182-0025.flac
expected: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_2: and from that time ot became his wife
	layer_4: and from that time sout be came is wife
	layer_6: and from that time shu became his wife
	layer_8: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_10: and from that time she became his wife
	layer_12: and from that time she became his wife

file: 3660-172182-0026.flac
expected: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_2: and he maent took uper abod on the pouse an she had many compenioens both menen woman and her was no maten more steemed hand she in the ilan the brittn
	layer_4: and the maden took up her aboad in the pose and she had many companions both men an women and there was no maden more steemed and she in the island of briten
	layer_6: and the maiden took up her aboat in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more steemed han she in the island of britain
	layer_8: and the maiden took up her abote in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_10: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain
	layer_12: and the maiden took up her abode in the palace and she had many companions both men and women and there was no maiden more esteemed than she in the island of britain

file: 3660-172182-0027.flac
expected: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_2: and he yer and asecond ana thirid he proceated thus untill his faine had flone over the face of the kin dom
	layer_4: and ha year and assecond en a third he prceted thus until hs fain had flone over the face of the kingdom
	layer_6: and a year and a second and a third he proceeded thus until his fane had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_8: and a year and a second and a third he proceded thus until his fene had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_10: and a year and a second and a third he preceded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom
	layer_12: and a year and a second and a third he preceeded thus until his fame had flown over the face of the kingdom

file: 3660-172182-0028.flac
expected: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_2: and he greats the well has an unkles sheu greeat his nef yu and as he vasl shoulgret his lod
	layer_4: and he greets the well has an uncle sould greed his nepheu and as a vasel should greed his lod
	layer_6: and he greets the well has an uncle should greed his nephew and as a vastel should greet his lord
	layer_8: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greed his nephew and as a vassal should gree his lord
	layer_10: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord
	layer_12: and he greets thee well as an uncle should greet his nephew and as a vassal should greet his lord

file: 3660-172182-0029.flac
expected: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent towards him and covet his land and possessions
	layer_2: and the eiy bring chievs knowing mis sgroincelen tord him and coveit his land ind posessions
	layer_4: and the naig buring chiefs knowing thiss s grow inceen tord him and covert his land and posessions
	layer_6: and the neighboring chief's knowing this grow insolen toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_8: and the neighboring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_10: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions
	layer_12: and the neighbouring chiefs knowing this grow insolent toward him and covered his land in possessions

file: 3660-172182-0030.flac
expected: and arthur told geraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said geraint be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning this embassy
	layer_2: and othe told iurand te caus of the mition an f the coming of the abasites to him out of conm wall truly said jraint be at to mi ivantagoo dis atvanige lod i will do ar corting to thi wel concerningtasempisy
	layer_4: and outhe told yurant the cause of the mission and of the coming of the embacitis to him out of con wall truly said juraint be at to mi idvantageoa disavantage lod i will do accordingto thy well concerningthe sempasy
	layer_6: and arthe told youraint the cause of the mission and of the coming of the imbassates to him out of comwall truly said jerainet beit to my advantag ou disadvantage lod i will do according to thy well concerningthe sempasy
	layer_8: and artha told you aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said jerant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning the sembassy
	layer_10: and arthur told your aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of cornwall truly said gerant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy
	layer_12: and arthur told your aunt the cause of the mission and of the coming of the ambassadors to him out of conwall truly said gerant be it to my advantage or disadvantage lord i will do according to thy will concerning thes embassy

file: 3660-172182-0031.flac
expected: what discourse said guenever do i hear between you
	layer_2: what dis couse said gone over to i heha between yu
	layer_4: what discourse said goneover to i hear be tween you
	layer_6: what dhiscourse said gonovher do i here between you
	layer_8: what discourse said genover do i her between you
	layer_10: what discourse said genovar do i hear between you
	layer_12: what discourse said genover do i hear between you

file: 3660-172182-0032.flac
expected: said geraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_2: said durainet i thin k asihal have a nougf of naght od with me and they sat forth
	layer_4: said duraint i think i shall have anough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_6: said jeraintd i think i shall have enough of nighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_8: said deraint i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they sat forth
	layer_10: said gerant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth
	layer_12: said gerrant i think i shall have enough of knighthood with me and they set forth

file: 3660-172182-0033.flac
expected: and never was there seen a fairer host journeying towards the severn
	layer_2: and never was ti seein afara hose jurnying todsteseveren
	layer_4: and never was i seeng a fairahost journing towards a severegn
	layer_6: and never was this seen a faira host journeying towards a sevren
	layer_8: and never was thi seen a fare host journeying toward te severn
	layer_10: and never was thie seen a faire host journeying towards  savern
	layer_12: and never was thie seen a faire host journeying towards e severn

file: 3660-172182-0034.flac
expected: and he said to geraint i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominion for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_2: and he saidted jourint i am a feble an a nageed man and walst i was able to maintain the de meaans for the inf a myself i did so
	layer_4: and he said to juraent i am a feeble in an aged man and wilst i was able to maintain the demeaons for thee in fa myself y did so
	layer_6: and he said to juraint i am a feeble in an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the domeains for thee in for myself i did so
	layer_8: and he said to jurant i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the demiaions for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_10: and he said to jurent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the dominons for thee and for myself i did so
	layer_12: and he said to jurrent i am a feeble and an aged man and whilst i was able to maintain the deminons for thee and for myself i did so

file: 3660-172182-0035.flac
expected: and every one asked that which he desired
	layer_2: and thever one ost that whach he desied
	layer_4: and tevery one osked that whath he desied
	layer_6: and everyone asked that which he desided
	layer_8: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_10: and everyone asked that which he desired
	layer_12: and everyone asked that which he desired

file: 3660-172182-0036.flac
expected: and they were not long in giving so eager was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_2: and theye wel not long n giving so eaki was evry ondo busto gis and of those o came to askus non d u poted un sad itsfid
	layer_4: and they weue not long iand giving so eager was every one to be sto gifs and of those who came to askifvfs none depoted unsatisfid
	layer_6: and they wele not long and giving so eage was every one to bestow gifts and if those who came to ask gifts none depotted unsatisfied
	layer_8: and they were not long and giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_10: and they were not long an giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied
	layer_12: and they were not long in giving so eagre was every one to bestow gifts and of those who came to ask gifts none departed unsatisfied

file: 3660-172182-0037.flac
expected: then geraint sent ambassadors to the men of cornwall to ask them this
	layer_2: thenjerains and a bases to the men of con ao to ask thnmiss
	layer_4: then juraints and embasses to the men of con whal to aske temis
	layer_6: then graintsand embasses to the men of corn wale to ask themis
	layer_8: then gerant and ambasses to the men of cornwal to ask themis
	layer_10: then gerrate and ambassads to the men of cornwall to ask themiss
	layer_12: then gerrates and ambassads to the men of cornwall to ask themiss

file: 3660-172182-0038.flac
expected: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honor to them for geraint to come and receive their homage
	layer_2: and they allsaid that r would be the folnese of joiun onar to themforjeurain to comin receev their ormange
	layer_4: and they all said that it would be the fallnesse of joan hona to them for jiraint to comon receive their armege
	layer_6: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joan hono to them for juraint to come and receive their ormage
	layer_8: and they all said that it would be the fullness of jo and honour to them for geraint to come and receive their omage
	layer_10: and they all said that it would be the fullness of joy and honour to them for gurante to come and receive their omage
	layer_12: and they all said that it would be the fulness of joy and honour to them for gurante to come and receive their omage

file: 3660-172182-0039.flac
expected: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_2: so he receevf the omege of such as were ther
	layer_4: so he receive the armage of such as were ther
	layer_6: so he received the omage of such as werethere
	layer_8: so he received the omage of such as were there
	layer_10: so he received the homage of such as were there
	layer_12: so he received the homage of such as were there

file: 3660-172182-0040.flac
expected: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_2: and the dey aftrf the followas of outher in tenesd de goway
	layer_4: and the day after the followas of ather intened to goway
	layer_6: and the day after the follows of arthu intended to go way
	layer_8: and the day after the follows of arthur intended to go away
	layer_10: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away
	layer_12: and the day after the followers of arthur intended to go away

file: 116-288048-0000.flac
expected: a number of other dates were observed by the christian church at various times as the birthday of jesus the gospels give no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_2: and tember  other dayts wer observ woi the crichen church of tveryioust times as the ber ty aojeses the gos w's givf no date and apbear to be quit and certain relly igner a bot it
	layer_4: and nember of other dayts were observed whr the crischian church of veryious times as the birty objesus the goss was giv no date and abear to be quite andcertain eally egnor aboutit
	layer_6: a number of other dates were observedwhir the christian church of various times as the birt ty objesus the goss was give no date and appeare to be quite undcertain ealely ignor about it
	layer_8: a number of other dates were observed wer the christian church at various times as the birtda of jesus the goss was given no date and appear to be quite uncertain really ignored about it
	layer_10: a number of other dates were observed ot the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the goss was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it
	layer_12: a number of other dates were observed ot the christian church at various times is the birthday of jesus the goss was given no date and appeared to be quite uncertain really ignorant about it

file: 116-288048-0001.flac
expected: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_2: yef there is no evirdin s they he was born o mht day
	layer_4: yef there is no evidence thay he was bornl tat day
	layer_6: yif there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_8: yef there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_10: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day
	layer_12: yet there is no evidence that he was born on that day

file: 116-288048-0002.flac
expected: why this discrepancy in a historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_2: whytis discreckmen see in  his storcale dacciunment to say noh ing abo insporation
	layer_4: whiht is discrectment see in te his storcle document to say nothing abolt inspiration
	layer_6: why is descrectmentsy in the his storical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_8: why dos discretmentsy in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_10: why does discracments see in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration
	layer_12: why does discracments see in the historical document to say nothing about inspiration

file: 116-288048-0003.flac
expected: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infant messiah
	layer_2: agin mat hou says that to okcae the eble isinds of heairied mary in josid withen infentjeses flat into egiet louksas nothing abouthis heryed fliht nor ovf har ids intantiong o kil t indf ot te sia
	layer_4: again matyu sayis that to excape the eble izignes of hairid mary in josipe wit the infent geesus flet into egypt los as nothing about his huriag flight nor of hair ids intantion o kill the inpent ndecia
	layer_6: again mattoe says that to escape the ebile designs of heried maryinjosepe with the infant jesus floe into egypt los has nothing about this hurrid flight nor of hariads intantion to kill the infant desia
	layer_8: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herrod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luk says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herrod's intention to kill the infant dessire
	layer_10: again matthew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infante desire
	layer_12: again matthiew says that to escape the evil designs of herod mary and joseph with the infant jesus fled into egypt luke says nothing about this hurried flight nor of herod's intention to kill the infante desire

file: 116-288048-0004.flac
expected: when we come to the more important chapters about jesus we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_2: fonthe coumeto the more importain chafpers abugeses whe met wio guitter tifficultes
	layer_4: boe me come to the more importain chapers obout jeses we met with quiter difficulties
	layer_6: for mecome to the more important chafpers about jeses we meet with gquiter difficulties
	layer_8: when we come to the more important chapers about jesups we meet with greter difficulties
	layer_10: when we come to the more important chapters about jesuphs we meet with greater difficulties
	layer_12: when we come to the more important chapters about jesuphs we meet with greater difficulties

file: 116-288048-0005.flac
expected: while it is always on a friday that the crucifixion is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_2: why is alwase on o friedy that the crusficties comimerated the weken whihthe day accurs very tmn ger de year
	layer_4: whey is always on ap frida that the crusfictiones commimorated the weakon wich the day occuras verys frmgeur do year
	layer_6: whle is always on afriday that te crusfiction s commemorated the weak in which the day occurs varies from hur to year
	layer_8: while is always on a friday that the crucefiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies fro yeare to year
	layer_10: while it is always on a friday that the cruceifiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year
	layer_12: while it is always on a friday that the crucifiction is commemorated the week in which the day occurs varies from year to year

file: 116-288048-0006.flac
expected: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon allows thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun in the zodiac and the phases of the moon
	layer_2: good frida fals not before this prin icren oxs but as soin afor thi sprain aqenoncs as the for mon lols thust making the cauculation to dopain upon te position of the sn ind hezuldiac and the fas of themoon
	layer_4: good fraday fals not before ths pring equenoxs but a soon afer he sprin equenoc as the full moon lols thus making the colculation to depn upon the position of the suln n eziliec and the fazes of the moon
	layer_6: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depeain upon the position of the sun ad the zildiec and the faces of the moon
	layer_8: good friday falls not before the spring equonox but as soon after the spring equonox as the full moon louhs thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun nd the zodie and the phases of the moon
	layer_10: good friday falls not before the spring iquinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zolyec and the phases of the moon
	layer_12: good friday falls not before the spring equinox but as soon after the spring equinox as the full moon lous thus making the calculation to depend upon the position of the sun and the zodyec and the phases of the moon

file: 116-288048-0007.flac
expected: the pagan oestera has become the christian easter
	layer_2: the pakon o steaia has we come he cristi oan easter
	layer_4: the paken orsteria has become the christion easter
	layer_6: the pacan ousteria has become the christian easter
	layer_8: the pacan austeria has become the christian easter
	layer_10: the pacan asteia has become te christian easter
	layer_12: the pacan osteria has become te christian easter

file: 116-288048-0008.flac
expected: but in the absence of evidence origin offers the following metaphysical arguments against the sceptical celsus one
	layer_2: that inthy aptiins of evtiens orgen offers o foll meif ans foe argigmense eginsis gepticalselses one
	layer_4: tut in the absains of evidence organ offers of folly metifanc cal arguments againsis kipticalcelses one
	layer_6: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of folly medifincical arguments againstis keptical selses one
	layer_8: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of folloying metiphicical arguments against the cyptical ceis one
	layer_10: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of following metaphisical arguments against the eptical sees one
	layer_12: but in the absence of evidence orgin offers of following metaphysical arguments against the keptical seses one

file: 116-288048-0009.flac
expected: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mythus of jesus
	layer_2: if we are thom have inin nitholagat all he seems to are u why ajec to ading tulit the mis of jeses
	layer_4: if we are to have any mothologt all he seems to argu why object to addingto it the mis of gesus
	layer_6: if we are to have any metholog t all he seems to argue why object to addin to it the miss of jesus
	layer_8: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the miss of jesus
	layer_10: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the mitss of jesus
	layer_12: if we are to have any mythology at all he seems to argue why object to adding to it the misss of jesus

file: 116-288048-0010.flac
expected: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_2: the imedit companins of geses apper to be onmether hand as miffigolas he is imself
	layer_4: the imedt it companions of jeeses appeare to be on tether hand as mittheglas he is himself
	layer_6: the immedate companions of jesus appear to be on neother hand as mithglas he is himself
	layer_8: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythgl as he is himself
	layer_10: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself
	layer_12: the immediate companions of jesus appear to be on the other hand as mythical as he is himself

file: 116-288048-0011.flac
expected: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_2: ho was maufyou hor was mar
	layer_4: who was mathou who was mark
	layer_6: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_8: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_10: who was matthew who was mark
	layer_12: who was matthew who was mark

file: 116-288048-0012.flac
expected: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_2: ho were jon peter jutus and mery
	layer_4: who were john peter judics and marry
	layer_6: who were john peter jutis and marry
	layer_8: who were john peter judas and mary
	layer_10: who were john peter judas and mery
	layer_12: who were john peter judas and mery

file: 116-288048-0013.flac
expected: there is absolutely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_2: there is aptiuatly no evinen sthat they ever excistet
	layer_4: there is abtuatly no evidence that the ever existet
	layer_6: there is abtentely no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_8: there is aptueately no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_10: there is abently no evidence that they ever existed
	layer_12: there is abtently no evidence that they ever existed

file: 116-288048-0014.flac
expected: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how is it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_2: if feter everwan o ron with anhiw doccren house at that no historyin has take annot of him
	layer_4: if peter ever went to ron with a ne doctron hows at that no his storyin has take a not of him
	layer_6: if peter ever went to rome with ha new doctrine hows at that no historian has takee note of him
	layer_8: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine how'sit that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_10: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine hows it that no historian has taken note of him
	layer_12: if peter ever went to rome with a new doctrine howis it that no historian has taken note of him

file: 116-288048-0015.flac
expected: here again we see the presence of a myth
	layer_2: he ragan we sehe tha present e of a mis
	layer_4: he r again we see the presentce of a mis
	layer_6: here again we see the presence of amisth
	layer_8: here again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_10: here again we see the presence of a mith
	layer_12: here again we see the presence of a mith

file: 116-288048-0016.flac
expected: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_2: he was the o oe hi sawthem
	layer_4: he was the oly hant hi saw them
	layer_6: he was the only wont has saw them
	layer_8: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_10: he was the only one who saw them
	layer_12: he was the only one who saw them

file: 116-288048-0017.flac
expected: peter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_2: peter pal jon jams jutis oac epy the stage onmos exscocively
	layer_4: teater pal john james jutics acueepy the stage almols exchousively
	layer_6: teater paul john james judis aceepy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_8: teter paul john james judus occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_10: teter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively
	layer_12: teter paul john james judas occupy the stage almost exclusively

file: 116-288048-0018.flac
expected: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and historians of his time do not take notice of him
	layer_2: itis imposle toexplaine wy the contimpraryds of jeses the althers in the hia stor ian suf the is time you not tak not is of him
	layer_4: it is impouseul to explain whi the contimprarieds of jeesus the authurs ind th his stor an soft this time ou not take notice of him
	layer_6: it is impossbl to explaine why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historiancuf thehse time you not take notice of him
	layer_8: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians off ths time do not take notice of him
	layer_10: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of ths time do not take notice of him
	layer_12: it is impossible to explain why the contemporaries of jesus the authors and the historians of ths time do not take notice of him

file: 116-288048-0019.flac
expected: could they have been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_2: fou the havd beein at conspir cy aainst him
	layer_4: for they had been in a conspercy against him
	layer_6: for they had been in a conspircy against him
	layer_8: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_10: for they had been in a conspiracy against him
	layer_12: for they had been in a conspiracy against him

file: 116-288048-0020.flac
expected: how else is this unanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_2: howesas his e men i a sienset bacounendfor
	layer_4: howus as hiice emanam i silensto b acounet for
	layer_6: how es is hiis emanama sience to be accountent for
	layer_8: how lelse is hiis emanimous silence to be accounted for
	layer_10: how else is his umenimous scilence to be accounted for
	layer_12: how else is his umenimous scilence to be accounted for

file: 116-288048-0021.flac
expected: how then are we to decide which of the numerous candidates for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_2: how then a we to desiede which ather  nemrust cennidt eits for tdevvine honer should be gimin arvoates
	layer_4: how thend are we to decid which other anuwmerus kendits for divind honor should be give in our vots
	layer_6: how then are we to decideo which ather anumerous kennedites for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_8: how then are we to decide which ore the numerous canidets for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_10: how then are we to decide which  the numerous canidees for divine honors should be given our votes
	layer_12: how then are we to decide which  the numerous canidetes for divine honors should be given our votes

file: 116-288048-0022.flac
expected: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained by the sword now and by hell fire hereafter
	layer_2: and such a fate is ne ere free i is always maing taime bt a sord nmow and by hel fare her aftern
	layer_4: and such a faithe is never free eit is always main taim but ae sord now and by hell far here after
	layer_6: and such a faith is never free it is always maintain but the sword now and by healt far hereafter
	layer_8: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter
	layer_10: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter
	layer_12: and such a faith is never free it is always maintained but the sword now and by health far hereafter

file: 116-288048-0023.flac
expected: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jesus mouth
	layer_2: yet the moset im posal utternc es er pourt in g is mounth
	layer_4: yet the most im posil utternces are putain dedtus mouth
	layer_6: yet the most impossibule utterances are putinjusus mouth
	layer_8: yet the most impossible utterances are putt in jud''s mouth
	layer_10: yet the most impossible utterances are put in juda's mouth
	layer_12: yet the most impossible utterances are put in jusa's mouth

file: 116-288048-0024.flac
expected: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the universe to courtiers who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_2: onl emmithicldeses coldvierculy hand ove thegom a evers tocortders who have potations to pressipon his attention
	layer_4: only imithicl etus couldvertully hand over the goerm arl evers to corters who have potations to press upon his attention
	layer_6: only a mythical gisus codvertually hand over the goverm ar the evers to quaurters who have potations to press upon his attention
	layer_8: only a mythical jesus could virtuially hand over the governmnrof th verse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_10: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the iverse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention
	layer_12: only a mythical jesus could virtually hand over the government of the iverse to quarters who have petitions to press upon his attention

file: 116-288048-0025.flac
expected: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be today no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no insanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_2: morover ivf jesus col keep his promus there would be to day no miseryin the world no orfencs no chiled us mothers no shiprecks no flods no fanens nowt ezes no cripled children now n santy no wars no cime no ron
	layer_4: more over ivedetous could keep his promis there would be to day no misery in the world no orfans no child dus mothers no shiprecks no floods no famons no dezease no cripled children no insanity no wars no crim no rong
	layer_6: moreover if esus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphands no childdes mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famins no disease no cripled children no incenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_8: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crirpled children no incenity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_10: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childless mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no incanity no wars no crime no wrong
	layer_12: moreover if jesus could keep his promise there would be to day no misery in the world no orphans no childlessh mothers no shipwrecks no floods no famines no disease no crippled children no incanity no wars no crime no wrong

file: 116-288048-0026.flac
expected: have these prayers been answered
	layer_2: hawvhes prars bean answered
	layer_4: havees prayirs been answered
	layer_6: havyese prayers been answered
	layer_8: have hese prayeras been answered
	layer_10: have hese prayers been answered
	layer_12: have thes prayers been answered

file: 116-288048-0027.flac
expected: how many self deluded prophets these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_2: hawm hy selftolavd profatcs these extraving a clams he produst
	layer_4: howny self tolued propfate these extravig at claims have producd
	layer_6: how me selftlute propite these extravingant claims have produced
	layer_8: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_10: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced
	layer_12: how many self deluted profits these extravagant claims have produced

file: 116-288048-0028.flac
expected: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_2: an who can nembwere the biter ges upoitements caus bysici in posipbl promoses
	layer_4: and who can number the biter oseafp pointments cause by such and possiple promises
	layer_6: and who can number the bittergesappointments caused by such inpossibl promises
	layer_8: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_10: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises
	layer_12: and who can number the bitter disappointments caused by such impossible promises

file: 116-288048-0029.flac
expected: the same which the preachers of today give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_2: the sanmg wichapratures of to day give heparried his anse with many words and at link said at the promee was re taking with tef provision that whil we ast for would beguven ive gy tit for au good
	layer_4: the sayng which apprecures of to day agive he pared his anse with meny words and at lenk said at the promis was retakeng with the provision that wil we asked for would begiven ife go thgt it for ur good
	layer_6: the sang which th preacheres of to day a give he parred his answe with many words and at length said that the promise was retaken with the provision that whill we asked for would be given if god though it for our good
	layer_8: the sane which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at lenth said that the promise was be taken with the provision that wha we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_10: the sang which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was o be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good
	layer_12: the sang which the preachers of to day give he parried his answer with many words and at length said that the promise was to be taken with the provision that what we asked for would be given if god thought it for our good

file: 116-288048-0030.flac
expected: but he said if ye ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_2: fer he said if yo askkenthlyg an my name i willd do it and if it werenot so i would have told you
	layer_4: fut he said if you ask inthyg in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_6: fbut he said if hou ask ething in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_8: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_10: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you
	layer_12: but he said if you ask anything in my name i will do it and if it were not so i would have told you

file: 116-288048-0031.flac
expected: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_2: thet he not mean jus whe he said
	layer_4: tad he not mean just what he said
	layer_6: did he not mean just wheat he said
	layer_8: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_10: did he not mean just what he said
	layer_12: did he not mean just what he said

file: 116-288048-0032.flac
expected: self effort and not prayer is the remedy against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_2: self effert and not rare is a rim agains ignens slavery poverty in mor decgredation
	layer_4: self effort and not prayer is a remi t against igerante slavery poverty in morl degredation
	layer_6: self effort and not prayer is aremied against ignorance slavery poverty and morl degradation
	layer_8: self effort and not prayer is aremaied against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_10: self effort and not prayer is a remaed against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation
	layer_12: self effort and not prayer is a remaed against ignorance slavery poverty and moral degradation

file: 116-288046-0000.flac
expected: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth to others
	layer_2: but i an betermn not olingei no if it his possible the whole tru h o bot eses but osoe to communicate that tru fu others
	layer_4: but i am betermind not only to kno if it is possible the whole truth bout jesus but alsoe to communicate that true thruh others
	layer_6: but i am re termine not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that trut throgh others
	layer_8: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth thogh others
	layer_10: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth tro others
	layer_12: but i am determined not only to know if it is possible the whole truth about jesus but also to communicate that truth tou others

file: 116-288046-0001.flac
expected: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_2: bu there is mor of a moral toni c an the open in caned iscussion of a subdet lik the one an hand then in the motitud o platitides
	layer_4: but there is more of a moral tanic and the open incanded discussion of a subjecth like the one in hand than in the multitude o platitudes
	layer_6: but there is more of a moraltonic and the open andcanda discussion of a subject like the one an hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_8: but there is more of a mor atonic ind the open and candod discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_10: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes
	layer_12: but there is more of a moral tonic in the open and candid discussion of a subject like the one in hand than in a multitude of platitudes

file: 116-288046-0002.flac
expected: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not either directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_2: i never daliver y lecture in which a ho not gi had di rekely ore inderectly gif foin frake spreshion to my fafe and ervere thing thaes worly affae
	layer_4: i never deliver o lecture in which i do not gite directley or inderectlly yive foull in fre expression to my fate in everything tha is worly offafe
	layer_6: i never delive r e lecture in which i do not git a directly or indtirectly give full and fry expression to my faith in everything that is wortly of faith
	layer_8: i never delive or a lecture in which i do not get e directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_10: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not get it directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith
	layer_12: i never deliver a lecture in which i do not get it directly or indirectly give full and free expression to my faith in everything that is worthy of faith

file: 116-288046-0003.flac
expected: if i do not believe in dogma it is because i believe in freedom
	layer_2: if at hi not belev endogmar is be caus i bleaveen fretom
	layer_4: if i o not believe en dogma is because i believe an fredom
	layer_6: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_8: if i do not believe in dagma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_10: if i do not believe in dogma is because i believe in freedom
	layer_12: if i do not believe in dogma t is because i believe in freedom

file: 116-288046-0004.flac
expected: oh he tears down but does not build up is another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_2: oh he tars down bo hese not bildut is an eother crisesanw oa beut my work it is not true
	layer_4: oh he ters down but he's not builed up is another cris his m a bupt my work it is not true
	layer_6: oh he terrs down but he's not build up is another cristism about my work it is not true
	layer_8: oh he tears down but he's not build up is another crisism about my work it is not true
	layer_10: oh he tears down but he's not build up its another criticism about my work it is not true
	layer_12: oh he tears down but he's not build up its another criticism about my work it is not true

file: 116-288046-0005.flac
expected: no preacher or priest is more constructive
	layer_2: no pratur a prat es mor constructive
	layer_4: no preature appret is more constructive
	layer_6: no preachere a pric is more constructive
	layer_8: no preacher aprech is more constructive
	layer_10: no preacher a prech is more constructive
	layer_12: no preacher a prech is more constructive

file: 116-288046-0006.flac
expected: clapping truth into jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_2: clastering truth in jal gaging the mouf of the stounet is ate billdi n u or tarryinedown
	layer_4: classrin truth in a jal gaging the mou h of the stuned is at buildingup ortaring down
	layer_6: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the stodent is that building up or tarring down
	layer_8: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_10: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down
	layer_12: clasping truth in a jail gagging the mouth of the student is that building up or tearing down

file: 116-288046-0007.flac
expected: when bruno lighted a new torch to increase the light of the world what was his reward the stake
	layer_2: when bren al lid a new trch to and creace e li of the world wotlas his feword the stake
	layer_4: when brinnel lighd a new torch to endcreased a lie of the world fut was is we word the stake
	layer_6: when brinnel lightd a new tortch to increase ha lie of the world whut as is feord the stake
	layer_8: when brinnol lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fuword the stake
	layer_10: when brinno lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fuward the stake
	layer_12: when brynno lighted a new torch to increase the lie of the world what was his fuward the stake

file: 116-288046-0008.flac
expected: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_2: cout your righdts politicl religeus social intelectial antely which af themn was caokared for ou by he priest
	layer_4: count your rits politicl religious social intellectual intellme which of them was coquret for yu by the priest
	layer_6: count your rigts political religious social intellectual antell me which of them was conqurd for you by the priest
	layer_8: count your rights political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_10: count your rigts political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest
	layer_12: count your rits political religious social intellectual and tell me which of them was conquered for you by the priest

file: 116-288046-0009.flac
expected: i wish to tell you something
	layer_2: a wih a teyo something
	layer_4: i which a tell you something
	layer_6: o which to tell you something
	layer_8: i wus to tell you something
	layer_10: i wush to tell you something
	layer_12: i wish to tell you something

file: 116-288046-0010.flac
expected: but first let us be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer atheist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_2: tbhe firsce lless beimpersonal the opathits e reverent glasomer afiest and infiti a flung ot a man not ferompity bifrom inty
	layer_4: tut first less be impersonal the opathits ir reverent glasfimer eighthiest and infidel ar flungat a man not from pety befrom invy
	layer_6: but firstless be impersonal the epathits irreverent glassphomer anthiest and infidele are flung an a man not from pity but from invy
	layer_8: but first less be impersonal the ipithets irreverent blasphomer athiist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_10: but firstless be impersonal the epithets irreverent glasphemer athiist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy
	layer_12: but firstless be impersonal the epithets irreverent blasphemer athiist and infidel are flung at a man not from pity but from envy

file: 116-288046-0011.flac
expected: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life wetting the open page before him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_2: nont haven t a curageor the indestory of are neber who works like a busy be in the world o minen books serchin with a sweat of his brou for the reilld bread of life whe an e open page offore him with his ters pushinto the we houers the nighte his quest and ma but a faireiset of all lovs the leve of truth we ese are own indelent conscience fba kline him names
	layer_4: not having the courage or the indestry of our neighbour who works like o busy be in the world o minen books searchin with a swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page offore him with his tears pushi into the we hours f the night his quest and ma d but a faireset of all loves the love of truth we ease are own indelent conscience by callin him names
	layer_6: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbor who works like a busy be in the world of men and books searching with the swead of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afore him with his tears pushing ingto the we hours of the night his quest and maded byt the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_8: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_10: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the wee hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names
	layer_12: not having the courage or the industry of our neighbour who works like a busy bee in the world of men and books searching with the sweat of his brow for the real bread of life whet in the open page afore him with his tears pushing into the we hours of the night his quest animated by the fairest of all loves the love of truth we ease our own indolent conscience by calling him names

file: 116-288045-0000.flac
expected: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups wending their way hither and thither
	layer_2: as i  prosed to sity i heard bellsrmaning and la later i fhon the street s o stir with throngs of willdrest people in famila grops whyn ding the way hither indither
	layer_4: as i approse to city i heard bels ranging and alo later i found the streets a stur with throngs of will dresst people in family grooups whinding their way hither in dither
	layer_6: as i approche the city i heard bells renging and alil later i found the streets a stir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_8: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a litle later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_10: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither
	layer_12: as i approached the city i heard bells ringing and a little later i found the streets astir with throngs of well dressed people in family groups winding their way hither and thither

file: 116-288045-0001.flac
expected: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_2: lookin about me i sawldgentlemen in  neet black diress smilin and his han extininto me ufh grat cur deality
	layer_4: looking about me i saw egentlement in a neaet black dress smilimg and his hand extinin to me with great corgiality
	layer_6: looking about me i saw e gentlement in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great corgiality
	layer_8: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_10: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality
	layer_12: looking about me i saw a gentleman in a neat black dress smiling and his hand extended to me with great cordiality

file: 116-288045-0002.flac
expected: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_2: he must o rilas ow s  strandger and whish e tiner his housbitalle tome i aexcepte at grafuly i clasd his hand he prest mine
	layer_4: he must hav rellased i was astranger and wishd you tinder his hosebetal hy to me i ecxcept id at greatefully i clased his hand he pressed mine
	layer_6: he must have reallized i was a stranger and wished tou tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_8: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_10: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine
	layer_12: he must have realized i was a stranger and wished to tender his hospitality to me i accepted it gratefully i clasped his hand he pressed mine

file: 116-288045-0003.flac
expected: we gazed for a moment silently into each other's eyes
	layer_2: we gased formoas lihtlanto e to therseyese
	layer_4: we gazed for momets lightlento e dothers eyes
	layer_6: we gazed fora moments lightly in to eag other's eyes
	layer_8: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_10: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes
	layer_12: we gazed for a moments lightly into each other's eyes

file: 116-288045-0004.flac
expected: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_2: of cor yuregoin theire too i sid to my forenly gid
	layer_4: of course youare going their too i said to my friently guid
	layer_6: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_8: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_10: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide
	layer_12: of course you are going there too i said to my friendly guide

file: 116-288045-0005.flac
expected: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_2: yes hanswered i connot the worshio i am apprest
	layer_4: yes hanswered i cannuk the worshi i am a priest
	layer_6: yes he answered i connuckt the worship i am a priest
	layer_8: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_10: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest
	layer_12: yes he answered i conduct the worship i am a priest

file: 116-288045-0006.flac
expected: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_2: an idl i wis red takg in messopprise
	layer_4: an idal i whiswret takan bessarprise
	layer_6: an idl i whisered taken by surprise
	layer_8: an idole i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_10: an idol i whispered taken by surprise
	layer_12: an idol i whispered taken by surprise

file: 116-288045-0007.flac
expected: they worshipped gods that did not exist
	layer_2: they wore sh a gde tha ted not exist
	layer_4: they wer shup got thea did not exist
	layer_6: they worship god they did not exist
	layer_8: they worshipe god they did not exist
	layer_10: they worshiped god they did not exist
	layer_12: they worshiped god they did not exist

file: 116-288045-0008.flac
expected: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamoring in my breast
	layer_2: bhut the greeeks loved their gouds protisted my har clareryan my brest
	layer_4: but the greeeks love their gods a protisted myt heart clamren my bresst
	layer_6: but the greks love their gods ip protested my heart clam rin my breast
	layer_8: but the greeks loved their gods i protested my heart clamboryn my breast
	layer_10: but the greeks love their gods i protested my heart clamor in my breast
	layer_12: but the greeks love their gods i protested my heart clamour in my breast

file: 116-288045-0009.flac
expected: no i said in a low voice
	layer_2: now i said in a lo voice
	layer_4: no i said in a lowv voice
	layer_6: no i said in a low voice
	layer_8: no i said in a low voice
	layer_10: no i said in a low voice
	layer_12: no i said in a low voice

file: 116-288045-0010.flac
expected: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_2: he was ant ido thim and not a got
	layer_4: he was an eidle them and not agod
	layer_6: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_8: he was an idle then and not a god
	layer_10: he was an idol then and not a god
	layer_12: he was an idol then and not a god

file: 116-288045-0011.flac
expected: it made athens a city of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_2: i madt at ans a se of light a crated the baful the tre the good yes arerligin wasdef ine
	layer_4: i made afthan to see of light it created the bealiful the tre the good yes are lidgion was divine
	layer_6: it made aten to se of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our eligion was divine
	layer_8: it made athen to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes oureligion was divine
	layer_10: it made athens to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine
	layer_12: it made athens to see of light it created the beautiful the true the good yes our religion was divine

file: 116-288045-0012.flac
expected: it had only one fault interrupted my guide what was that
	layer_2: thet had only one foulght ind tropetdo my guid what was that
	layer_4: that had only one faulgt and trope o my guid what was that
	layer_6: thit had only one fault antroedd my guide what was that
	layer_8: it had only one fault entroktd my guide what was that
	layer_10: it had only one fault introkeded my guide what was that
	layer_12: it had only one fault introcted my guide what was that

file: 116-288045-0013.flac
expected: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_2: i an quired without knoine whit his answewoad be it was not trem
	layer_4: i amquired without knoin whit his answerwould be it was not tre
	layer_6: i inquired without knoine wit his answerwould be it was not true
	layer_8: i inquired without knowing what his answe would be it was not true
	layer_10: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true
	layer_12: i inquired without knowing what his answer would be it was not true

file: 116-288045-0014.flac
expected: produce him
	layer_2: prdo sehim
	layer_4: produe him
	layer_6: produce him
	layer_8: produce him
	layer_10: produce him
	layer_12: produce him

file: 116-288045-0015.flac
expected: i whispered to myself what blasphemy
	layer_2: i wish hem to myself what blass orme
	layer_4: i wilh e to myself what blast for me
	layer_6: i wishwe to myself what blas for me
	layer_8: i whished to myself what blass for me
	layer_10: i whispered to myself what blasper me
	layer_12: i whispered to myself what blasper me

file: 116-288045-0016.flac
expected: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homer concerning the divine apollo
	layer_2: thin taking heart i told my gihad how more t an once i had fel o pollows ready ant preasense in my heart and huld him of the him mordtle linds of homer condcrnd e o yn upollowv
	layer_4: then taking heart i told my guid how more than once i had felt u polows radyat presence in my heart and hold him of the im mordal lineds of homeer concern the div in upollow
	layer_6: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt a polla's radinat presence in my heart and hold him of the immordtal lines of homeer concerng the divine apollo
	layer_8: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt appollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homewer concerned the divine apollo
	layer_10: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presencs in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homewer concerng the divine apollo
	layer_12: then taking heart i told my guide how more than once i had felt apollo's radiant presence in my heart and told him of the immortal lines of homewer concerned the divine apollo

file: 116-288045-0017.flac
expected: do you doubt homer
	layer_2: deou dout home
	layer_4: do you dout home
	layer_6: do you doubt homeer
	layer_8: do you doubt home
	layer_10: do you doubt homerh
	layer_12: do you doubt homerh

file: 116-288045-0018.flac
expected: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_2: i sidto him homer the inspired bard
	layer_4: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_6: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_8: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_10: i said to him homer the inspired bard
	layer_12: i said to him homer the inspired bard

file: 116-288045-0019.flac
expected: no no apollo is not an idol
	layer_2: now now a pollo was nmot anidal
	layer_4: no no apolow was not an itle
	layer_6: no no a polo as not an idle
	layer_8: no no apalla is not an idole
	layer_10: no no apolla is not an idol
	layer_12: no no apolla wis not an idol

file: 116-288045-0020.flac
expected: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_2: he his a god and ha sun of ar god
	layer_4: he his agod and the son of agod
	layer_6: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_8: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_10: he is a god and the son of a god
	layer_12: he is a god and the son of a god

file: 116-288045-0021.flac
expected: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_2: the ar was heavy with incence an numbrov manan orgies vessmentce were passing to in fro bow in anneling before theiv veriousuli es and images
	layer_4: the air was heavy with insense anumber of min an corges vessments were passing to in fro bow in innealing before the  verious liets and images
	layer_6: the air was heavy with incente a number of men and corgous vestments were passing to andfro bow and an neeling before the various liets and images
	layer_8: the air was heavy with incense a number of men and gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowin and kneeling before the various lighes and images
	layer_10: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lights and images
	layer_12: the air was heavy with incense a number of men in gorgeous vestments were passing to and fro bowing and kneeling before the various lihts and images

file: 116-288045-0022.flac
expected: observing my anxiety to understand the meaning of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful savior jesus the son of god
	layer_2: abevyg myngsito un erstand the men of al this my gui tot massivde and ina whispera told me of t e pep wer sillobryine aniversery of the burtty other bu tifulsaur jeses the son of gout
	layer_4: obseveryng my inxi to understaind the meand of all this my gui took me a side and in a whispera told me that the pep were sillibrain the aneversry of the birt ty otheir utiful savur jesus the sun of god
	layer_6: observering my anxie to understand the mean of all this my guy took me aside and in a whisper told me that the peope were cylabratin the aniversary of the birk the of ther eutiful savlioure jesus the son of god
	layer_8: observing my anxiey to understand the mean of all this my guid took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebratin the anniversary of the birth the of their beutiful saliour jesus the son of god
	layer_10: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god
	layer_12: observing my anxiety to understand the mean of all this my guide took me aside and in a whisper told me that the people were celebrating the anniversary of the birthday of their beautiful saviour jesus the son of god

file: 116-288045-0023.flac
expected: forget apollo he said with a suggestion of severity in his voice
	layer_2: for gutd upolow he said with as e getion of sevairitin his voice
	layer_4: forget a polo he said with has ugesion of suveriteym his voice
	layer_6: forget a pollo he said with his agesian of severiting his voice
	layer_8: forget apollo he said with as uggestion of severiting his voice
	layer_10: forget apollo he said with a saggestion of severityng his voice
	layer_12: forget apollo he said with a soggestion of severityn his voice

file: 116-288045-0024.flac
expected: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_2: there wis no such person he was only an idal
	layer_4: there is no such person he was only an idl
	layer_6: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_8: there is no such person he was only an idle
	layer_10: there is no such person he was only an idol
	layer_12: there is no such person he was only an idol

file: 116-288045-0025.flac
expected: if you were to search for apollo in all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_2: if yo woud his serth for  polow ant all the nversee wouldhnever fine  ont answerangto his naiwerdiscription
	layer_4: if you old a search for a polowent all the nunvers he would never find  one answering to his namwor discription
	layer_6: if youwold a search for a poloent all the universe yo would never find  one answering to his name or description
	layer_8: if yo wold asearch for a polient all the universe you would never find any one answering to his name or description
	layer_10: if you were a search for a poloan all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description
	layer_12: if you wered a search for a poloan all the universe you would never find anyone answering to his name or description

file: 116-288045-0026.flac
expected: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_2: o wont i s he geseus i hason turnin tword him
	layer_4: i wont tise he jesus i haston turning towrt him
	layer_6: i want o see jesus i hasten turning tward him
	layer_8: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_10: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him
	layer_12: i want to see jesus i hastened turning toward him

file: 116-288045-0027.flac
expected: will he not be here this morning
	layer_2: whil he not be hearedhismorning
	layer_4: whll he not be heare dismorning
	layer_6: will he not be here tis morning
	layer_8: will he not be here this morning
	layer_10: will he not be here this morning
	layer_12: will he not be here this morning

file: 116-288045-0028.flac
expected: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_2: we he not spee to his wor shpers i hast agin
	layer_4: wil he not speak to his worshipers i ase again
	layer_6: wil he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_8: wil he not speak to his worshipers i asked again
	layer_10: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again
	layer_12: will he not speak to his worshippers i asked again

file: 116-288045-0029.flac
expected: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to clasp his divine feet to inhale the ambrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_2: il heu not her mit entetoucon to coress his hand to class has dovind feet to en hel the m broasial fragrence of his breath to bas c on a gold in lidt his es to her emusac of his i maculat eccence
	layer_4: wil he nop permith into touchhim to cores his hand to class was divind feet to anhel the embrosual fragrance of his breath to bask an the golden light of his eyes to her themusic of his amaculat eccence
	layer_6: will he not permithtinto touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to anhel the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in te golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his imaculate accents
	layer_8: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class whis divine feet to inhel the embrosial fragrance of his breath to bask n the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_10: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feet to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents
	layer_12: will he not permit them to touch him to caress his hand to class his divine feat to inhel the umbrosial fragrance of his breath to bask in the golden light of his eyes to hear the music of his immaculate accents

file: 116-288045-0030.flac
expected: i asked my eyes filled with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_2: i anskt my eys fel lwoth ondger in myve wis quiving oi thex sitement
	layer_4: i asked my eys flwioth wonder iand my voice quiverin with ccitment
	layer_6: i asked my eyes fillwith wonder ind my voice quiverig with excitement
	layer_8: i asked my eyes fil with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement
	layer_10: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quiverig with excitement
	layer_12: i asked my eyes fill with wonder and my voice quivering with excitement

file: 116-288045-0031.flac
expected: would not that then i ventured to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_2: would not that then ibventhed to ask inpatintly makt eses as much of an idale as apolow
	layer_4: would not that then ivenche to ask impatiently make desis as much af an idal as a pollow
	layer_6: would not that then i venched to ask impatiently make desis as much of an idle as a pollo
	layer_8: would not that then i ventued to ask impatiently make jesis as much of an idole as apollo
	layer_10: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idol as apollo
	layer_12: would not that then i venture to ask impatiently make jesus as much of an idl as apollo

file: 116-288045-0032.flac
expected: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_2: and e fatfh at esis is ha god proseom agod whil wll not fap en upolow makinwlagot
	layer_4: and i fath at esis is a god pros im agod whi will not fath in a pollow make him agod
	layer_6: and it faith that jesus is a god pros him a god whye will not faith in a pollo make him a god
	layer_8: and if faith that jesus is a god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god
	layer_10: and it faith that jesus is o god proves him a god why will not faith an apollo make him a god
	layer_12: and it faith that jesus is o god proves him a god why will not faith in apollo make him a god

file: 116-288047-0000.flac
expected: a myth is a fanciful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_2: a meth is affance o ex wenation of a given fo rnolmenon
	layer_4: a methis affance wor exwenation of a given foanomenon
	layer_6: a mith as a fance ful expanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_8: a myth is a fenceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_10: a myth is a fenceful explanation of a given phenomenon
	layer_12: a myth his a fenceful explanation of a given phenomenon

file: 116-288047-0001.flac
expected: the mind craves for knowledge the child asks questions because of an inborn desire to know
	layer_2: the min crase fre nowlege the challed as questions we cause ofnimborn desar t on no
	layer_4: the mincrayse for nowlege the child as questions ecause ofean imbornin desiredg to now
	layer_6: the mind crayse for knowledge the child as questions because of an imborning desire to know
	layer_8: the mind crase for knowledge the child asked questions because of an imborning desire to know
	layer_10: the mind crase for knowledge the child ask questions because of an emborning desire to know
	layer_12: the mind crase for knowledge the child asks questions because of an imborning desire to know

file: 116-288047-0002.flac
expected: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_2: now an tme in they cincluosin of to stapity gother
	layer_4: now ind tmhean they an closing of to stapety j other
	layer_6: now and then they can closen oug to stapatdyac other
	layer_8: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_10: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other
	layer_12: now and then they came close enough to snap at each other

file: 116-288047-0003.flac
expected: with this mythus the primitive man was satisfied until his developing intelligence realized its inadequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_2: with is mithose the promn to mand was aisfiete and hi has devellopin inteligens relas its inalicq uasy siece was borne of that redlasation
	layer_4: with his mit thos the proomed to man was tatisfied and ho has developin intelligence realase its inaniquacy sience was born of that relazation
	layer_6: with this mithos the prome to man was statisfied and who has develope ing intelligence realazed its inanequacy science was borne of that relization
	layer_8: with his mythos the proom to man was satisfied and who has develope ing intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that relization
	layer_10: with this mythos the proom to man was satisfied and who has developed in intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization
	layer_12: with this mythos the proom to man was satisfied and who has developed in intelligence realized its inanequacy science was born of that realization

file: 116-288047-0004.flac
expected: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurate information concerning the hindoos
	layer_2: the maeh of a one id people diven an india has in replace by accur iformatiingcon saryin tae hindes
	layer_4: the mirth of a one i've people livin n india has an replace by acur information con crin the hindoes
	layer_6: the mith of a one ey people living an india has en replace by accure information consering the hindoes
	layer_8: the mith of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accure information concerning the hindos
	layer_10: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurae information concerning the hindos
	layer_12: the myth of a one eyed people living in india has been replaced by accurte information concerning the hindoos

file: 116-288047-0005.flac
expected: and this is precisely the use to which myths have been put
	layer_2: and misus prcicsit the euse to which meis hiv hnim plot
	layer_4: and missus procisot the use to which mis have eim put
	layer_6: and missus precise e the use to which mes haven put
	layer_8: and missus preciseled the use to which mis have en put
	layer_10: and missus precisely the use to which mis have been put
	layer_12: and missus precisely the use to which mis have been put

file: 116-288047-0006.flac
expected: is jesus a myth
	layer_2: is yo i same
	layer_4: is you i sami
	layer_6: is utisamin
	layer_8: is usament
	layer_10: is juduamet
	layer_12: is judusamet

file: 116-288047-0007.flac
expected: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_2: there is an manafaculty forofiction
	layer_4: there is in man affaculty for fiction
	layer_6: there is in man offaculty for fiction
	layer_8: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_10: there is in man a faculty for fiction
	layer_12: there is in man a faculty for fiction

file: 116-288047-0008.flac
expected: it thinks less than it guesses
	layer_2: if fanse les tn at gesses
	layer_4: if fings les ind at guesses
	layer_6: it tinks less han at guesses
	layer_8: it finks less than it guesses
	layer_10: it finks less than it guesses
	layer_12: it finks less than it guesses

file: 116-288047-0009.flac
expected: it is reflection which introduces a bit into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its restless spirit
	layer_2: it is reflection which nterduces o be into the mouthof amagination carbinints pace and subdoinits erelint le spirt
	layer_4: it is reflection which introduces o be into he mouth of amagination curbing its pace and subdoing its we lentles spirit
	layer_6: it is reflection which introduces of be into the mouth of imagination currbing its pace and subduing its rerelintless spirit
	layer_8: it is reflection which introduces a b into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_10: it is reflection which introduces abi into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit
	layer_12: it is reflection which introduces abe into the mouth of imagination curbing its pace and subduing its relentless spirit

file: 116-288047-0010.flac
expected: we fill the space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beings
	layer_2: we fhoul e space aboun odru ers speiarits faries gods and other in vhisibon ary beens
	layer_4: we fell the space aboutan overus wase spirits fairies gods an other in visiblane ary beens
	layer_6: we fel ta space about an over us wih spirits fairies gods and other invisible an ary beans
	layer_8: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beams
	layer_10: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans
	layer_12: we feel a space about and over us with spirits fairies gods and other invisible and airy beans

file: 116-288047-0011.flac
expected: we covet the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_2: wbe couveat the rain bow we reaech oupt or ha mon
	layer_4: wecove at the ranbow we rech out for the moon
	layer_6: becove t the rainbow we reache out for the moon
	layer_8: we cove at the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_10: we cover at the rainbow we reach out for the moon
	layer_12: we cover at the rainbow we reach out for the moon

file: 116-288047-0012.flac
expected: our feet do not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_2: aur fede not rely begang atuched o farm goun andto we have erech the years of discresstion
	layer_4: our feet not rely begn etoushe t e farm groun and  we have reachd the years of discression
	layer_6: our feet not ralli beging to touche the firm ground unti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_8: our feet not really beging to touch the firm ground unti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_10: our feet not really beging to touch the firm ground unti we have reached the years of discretion
	layer_12: our feet not really begin to touch the firm ground until we have reached the years of discretion

file: 116-288047-0013.flac
expected: science was not born until man had matured
	layer_2: sience was not born til man hand maccurd
	layer_4: sience was not borntil man ad machurd
	layer_6: science was not borntill men had matured
	layer_8: science was not born till men had matured
	layer_10: science was not born till men had matured
	layer_12: science was not born till men had matured

file: 116-288047-0014.flac
expected: grown up people create science
	layer_2: gron at peple cre i sincs
	layer_4: grown at people cree sigens
	layer_6: grown up people creeed science
	layer_8: grownup people creae science
	layer_10: grown up people create science
	layer_12: grown up people create science

file: 116-288047-0015.flac
expected: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies and faiths of mankind
	layer_2: the creadle is the wom of all ther faris and facean an kime
	layer_4: the credl is the woom of al ther fairies and face and ankime
	layer_6: the credle is the woomb of all the fairies and face o mankime
	layer_8: the cradle is the whomb of all the fairies and face o mankine
	layer_10: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face of mankind
	layer_12: the cradle is the womb of all the fairies in face o mankind

file: 116-288047-0016.flac
expected: the school is the birthplace of science
	layer_2: the schowas the birt lace he since
	layer_4: the schoole as the burthlace es signs
	layer_6: the school is the birth lacees scignce
	layer_8: the school is the birt places sience
	layer_10: the school is the birth places science
	layer_12: the school is the birth places science

file: 116-288047-0017.flac
expected: religion is the science of the child
	layer_2: religin o the sie tof the child
	layer_4: religin of the sins of the child
	layer_6: religion os the scienc of the child
	layer_8: religion is the science of the child
	layer_10: religion is the science of the child
	layer_12: religion is the science of the child

file: 116-288047-0018.flac
expected: in the discussion of this subject i appeal to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_2: ind thit discusiiof hi subject i avpeel tothema shure not to the child mind
	layer_4: in the discusiof his subject i apeale to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_6: in the discussion of this subject i appelled to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_8: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child mind
	layer_10: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child's mind
	layer_12: in the discussion of this subject i appealed to the mature not to the child's mind

file: 116-288047-0019.flac
expected: he is god's mouthpiece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_2: he has gosomoufh piese and no on may disagre with him
	layer_4: he has gods mauth pece and kno one may disagreew with him
	layer_6: he has god's mouth pece and no one may disagreew with him
	layer_8: he has god's mouth pieace and no one may disagree with him
	layer_10: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him
	layer_12: he has god's mouth piece and no one may disagree with him

file: 116-288047-0020.flac
expected: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_2: the olly way i ma comaneourespect is doe rsonable
	layer_4: the onlyway i make toman yourespect is d we reasonable
	layer_6: the only way i mayke comman your respect is to e reasonable
	layer_8: the only way i may command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_10: the only way i maye command your respect is to be reasonable
	layer_12: the only way i make command your respect is to be reasonable

file: 116-288047-0021.flac
expected: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_2: let us place or seves and tarlyng the hands of the evidence
	layer_4: let us place or selves and tairly the hands of the evidente
	layer_6: let us place ourselves entirly the hands of the evidence
	layer_8: let us place ourselves entirely the hands of the evidence
	layer_10: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence
	layer_12: let us place ourselves entirely in the hands of the evidence

file: 116-288047-0022.flac
expected: as intelligent beings we desire to know whether this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affection the devotion and the labor of humanity is a myth or a reality
	layer_2: as intelegat bens woi isarg now ware this geses hise worstu  as not oy costin the worofp miliins of the peples mony bo hich is aso drind to his servis the time the inrgies the affections lhet havotions and the labericumanty is a mith or reolity
	layer_4: as intellgant bens whetd esarge nowwhero this jeesus whose worschu as not only costin the worlp milians of the peoples money but hich is also drawind to his servise the time the inergies the aoffections the devotions and the laboricumanty is a mith or reality
	layer_6: has intelligent beans woulh disarg know whe this jesus whose worshure is not only cost in the world millions of the peoples money but hich is also drawing to his service the time the einergies the affections the devotions and the laborichumaity is amyth or reality
	layer_8: has intelligent beans would desiregeo know whe this jesus whose worship is not only costing the worldthe millions of the people's money bu which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labor humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_10: has intelligent beains woeld desire to know whee this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labour humanity is a myth or reality
	layer_12: has intelligent beins would desire to know where this jesus whose worship is not only costing the world the millions of the people's money but which is also drawing to his service the time the energies the affections the devotions and the labour humanity is a myth or reality

file: 8288-274150-0000.flac
expected: and again when the artist following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint aignan had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one sigh two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quiet meditation they enjoyed together
	layer_2: and againwanlhy artis folowing moliqornsaed visewaistho littlelate in ariving and when saint agnean had en ablidges to be absen for som tieme it was enteresting to aobserveto tough knoon witnes them those momeits to siuans ful of dee pexpression which you nigted in one sie to souls mose di spose to understandathoe and who byt kno means o jecte to the quiht metatationly anjoyd dogeth
	layer_4: and again when thy artest following malicqarnsadvise was a littlelate in arriving and when saint agnan had ben abloge to be absen for some time it was interesting to observeto togh knoone witness them those momets of silence full of deep bexpression which yu nited in one side to sols most dispose to understandachuder and who bu kno means ofbjected to the quite meditationaly enjoyed together
	layer_6: and again when the artist following malacorns advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnon had been a blodge to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe to though no one witnessd them those moment' of silence full of deep expression which united in one sid two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meitationaly enjoyed to gether
	layer_8: and again when the artist following malicorn's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnent had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe the though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_10: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnen had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe th though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together
	layer_12: and again when the artists following malicorne's advice was a little late in arriving and when saint agnen had been obliged to be absent for some time it was interesting to observe th though no one witnessed them those moments of silence full of deep expression which united in one side two souls most disposed to understand each other and who by no means objected to the quite meditationally enjoyed together

file: 8288-274150-0001.flac
expected: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though he knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of plenty and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_2: in at woreard maliqorn fall os for that he was low hep noewat not hed learned houto win spire the king with an appitiht in thamitst iofply and with desire and the assurans uposession
	layer_4: in a word malecorn foloso fher that he was low het knew at not head learned how to en spire the king with an apitite in the midst of play and with desire ind the assurance uposession
	layer_6: in a word malicorn phalosopher that he was no heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance o possession
	layer_8: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was noug het knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire in the assurance of possession
	layer_10: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was hough heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire and the assurance of possession
	layer_12: in a word malicorne philosopher that he was though heat knew it not had learned how to inspire the king with an appetite in the midst of play and with desire and the assurance of possession

file: 8288-274150-0002.flac
expected: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidante she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her appearance a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined skeptics
	layer_2: ind thist manner that therefore without leaving her roo and having know confh adnt she was able t return who her apartmend thus removing by her aprance alowl tarty perhaps the suspitions of the most dotermenskepti
	layer_4: in this manner hat therefore without leaving her room and having no comnfadont she was able to returnt who her apartment thus removing by her aparence a lotled tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most eterman skeptic
	layer_6: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return wo her apartment thus removing by her apparents a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determinskeptic
	layer_8: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparente a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determine sceptic
	layer_10: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparencs a little tarty perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic
	layer_12: in this manner therefore without leaving her room and having no confidant she was able to return to her apartment thus removing by her apparencs a little tardy perhaps the suspicions of the most determined sceptic

file: 8288-274150-0003.flac
expected: but the door remained closed and neither saint aignan nor the painter appeared nor did the hangings even move
	layer_2: but the dor reman clos a neitheir sight acgnon no the pan her peared nor ted the hains he ge m
	layer_4: but the door reman clos and neither sahte agnan nor the pain her peared norded the hans hegen m
	layer_6: but the door remain clothes and neither sate agnan nor the painer appeered nor did the hans even move
	layer_8: but the door remain closed and neither sate agnen nor the painer appeared nor did the hands even move
	layer_10: but the door remain closed and neither sant agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hands even move
	layer_12: but the door remain closed and neither sant agden nor the painter appeared nor did the hands even move

file: 8288-274150-0004.flac
expected: go then dearest love said the king but return quickly
	layer_2: gor then darois love said the kin thet to y turn quickly
	layer_4: gorthen deares love said the king thut to eturn quickly
	layer_6: goten deares love said the king that o returned quickly
	layer_8: gothen dearest love said the king that returne quickly
	layer_10: go then dearest love said the king that return quickly
	layer_12: go then dearest love said the king that return quickly

file: 8288-274150-0005.flac
expected: no no not to day sire
	layer_2: no no not to  sai
	layer_4: no no not to da si
	layer_6: no no not to da si
	layer_8: no no not to day si
	layer_10: no no not to day sire
	layer_12: no no not to day sire

file: 8288-274150-0006.flac
expected: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_2: i knou but two well  you had not sise to lovene
	layer_4: i knew but too well that you had not sease to love me
	layer_6: i knew but too well that you had not cease to love me
	layer_8: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_10: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me
	layer_12: i knew but too well that you had not ceased to love me

file: 8288-274150-0007.flac
expected: la valliere with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_2: the voulry with a jestour partly of extring her and partly as if envoking h blessing attempted do speak bu connot oar ticulat mone word
	layer_4: the valory with e justur partly of extremedter and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak bu cannot ore ticulate one word
	layer_6: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme error and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but counnot articulate one word
	layer_8: the valoery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if invoking a blessing attempted to speak but couldnot articulate one word
	layer_10: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word
	layer_12: the valery with a gesture partly of extreme terror and partly as if in voking a blessing attempted to speak but could not articulate one word

file: 8288-274150-0008.flac
expected: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees a cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_2: at the moman however when the keng thrugh himself on his nes ac a cri ofe utter dispaire rangs wuh the coarder a comity by the sound of retreating fooitst ips
	layer_4: at the moment however when the king throewh himself on his knes a acry of utter dispare rangs rough the coaeador accomftied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_6: at the moment however when the keng threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despaire rank hrough the quorridor accomanied by the sound of retreating footstips
	layer_8: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his knees aa cry of utter despair rank through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_10: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his kneesa cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps
	layer_12: at the moment however when the king threw himself on his kneesa cry of utter despair rang through the corridor accompanied by the sound of retreating footsteps

file: 8288-274162-0000.flac
expected: the captain sitting buried in his leathern armchair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twisted his mustache
	layer_2: the captain siting bariede in his lther arm chare his spers fixt in the flor his sord bus twen his legs wos reating a number of leters as he twicses mustash
	layer_4: the captain sitting buried in his lether arm chair his spers fixed in the floor his sord buds tween his legs was reating a number of letters as he twistas mustash
	layer_6: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword budtween his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistas mustash
	layer_8: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twistis mustache
	layer_10: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twiste his moustache
	layer_12: the captain sitting buried in his leather arm chair his spurs fixed in the floor his sword between his legs was reading a number of letters as he twiste his moustache

file: 8288-274162-0001.flac
expected: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_2: dar tanion uttered a welkom fulle of pleasur when he preceived his frian som
	layer_4: dartagnion utttered a welcom ful of pleasure when he preceived his friaend son
	layer_6: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he prceived his friend' son
	layer_8: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_10: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son
	layer_12: d'artagnan uttered a welcome full of pleasure when he perceived his friend's son

file: 8288-274162-0002.flac
expected: raoul my boy he said by what lucky accident does it happen that the king has recalled you
	layer_2: 'l my bo he sa by what o locky ens thintes it happen that the king has ar cal u
	layer_4: l my boy he said by what o lucky ensedentes it happene hat the king has are calle ju
	layer_6: old my boy he said by what ta lucky enscident as it happened that the king has ar called jyeu
	layer_8: l my boy he said by what a lucky incident as it happened that the king has or called yeu
	layer_10: role my boy he said by what a lucky incident dos it happened that the king has orecalled you
	layer_12: role my boy he said by what a lucky incident dos it happened that the king has orcalled you

file: 8288-274162-0003.flac
expected: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replied upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back hum
	layer_2: these words d i not sound a greeably in the young manseears who es he sed imself forplime i pon my wor i con ot deaduve all thathi kno is i have comeback humn
	layer_4: these words did not sound a greeably in the young mansears who as he seedrn himself r plime upon my wor thi cannot delyu all tat i knos i have come back om
	layer_6: these words dod not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot dellyou all thit i know s i have come back um
	layer_8: these words di not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself reply upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back am
	layer_10: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyd upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back com
	layer_12: these words did not sound agreeably in the young man's ears who as he seated himself replyd upon my word i cannot tell you all that i know is i have come back cum

file: 8288-274162-0004.flac
expected: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_2: that the king has not le cal ou and you havey tond
	layer_4: that the king has not recalld you and you hevryeturnd
	layer_6: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_8: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_10: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned
	layer_12: that the king has not recalled you and you have returned

file: 8288-274162-0005.flac
expected: i do not understand that at all
	layer_2: i dod n un testen hat the t o
	layer_4: i do no undtherstan that tha to
	layer_6: i do no understand that ta dal
	layer_8: i do not understand that et all
	layer_10: i do not understand that at all
	layer_12: i do not understand that at all

file: 8288-274162-0006.flac
expected: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_2: ro was olrity pal anoug an he now began to turn hess hatk round od round in his hand
	layer_4: grol was already pal anough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_6: growl was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat ground and round in his hand
	layer_8: groel was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_10: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand
	layer_12: raoul was already pale enough and he now began to turn his hat round and round in his hand

file: 8288-274162-0007.flac
expected: what the deuce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_2: at they dos is the mater hat you lookans youe do and wont make you sow dom
	layer_4: hat they duce is the matter that you look ase you dom and want make you so dome
	layer_6: what they duce is the matter that you look as you doo and whant makes you so dumb
	layer_8: what the doce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_10: what deduce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb
	layer_12: what deduce is the matter that you look as you do and what makes you so dumb

file: 8288-274162-0008.flac
expected: said the captain do people nowadays assume that sort of airs in england
	layer_2: said the caftin to peop l nowdays tha soo met sort of ars an englent
	layer_4: said the caftain to peop l nowa days the soum met ort of eirs and englent
	layer_6: said the captain to people nawadays tha sum mat sort of eirs and england
	layer_8: said the captain to people nowadays essum mat sort of airs in england
	layer_10: said the captain to people nowadays hasum mat sort of errors in england
	layer_12: said the captain to people nowadays ha sum mat sort of errors in england

file: 8288-274162-0009.flac
expected: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffinch
	layer_2: i have ben in englend and came her agan has livelyas a chafference
	layer_4: i have been in englandt and came here again has lively as a chafferench
	layer_6: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_8: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chafferinch
	layer_10: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch
	layer_12: i have been in england and came here again as lively as a chaffrinch

file: 8288-274162-0010.flac
expected: will you not say something
	layer_2: we you not sa soumting
	layer_4: wirlyou not say someting
	layer_6: will you not say something
	layer_8: will you not say something
	layer_10: will you not say something
	layer_12: will you not say something

file: 8288-274162-0011.flac
expected: i have too much to say
	layer_2: i had te muche to say
	layer_4: i had to much to say
	layer_6: i have to much to sayg
	layer_8: i have too much to say
	layer_10: i have too much to say
	layer_12: i have too much to say

file: 8288-274162-0012.flac
expected: ah how is your father
	layer_2: a hows you foter
	layer_4: ah how as your fother
	layer_6: ah how is your father
	layer_8: ah how is your father
	layer_10: ah how is your father
	layer_12: ah how is your father

file: 8288-274162-0013.flac
expected: forgive me my dear friend i was going to ask you that
	layer_2: forgive me my d ar frinmdt iwas going to a scusat
	layer_4: forgive me my deafrimdi i was going tol i scusat
	layer_6: forgive me my deafrimed it i was going tol ascuse at
	layer_8: forgive me my dear frimed it i was going to axcuse that
	layer_10: forgive me my dear frigtened it i was going to axc use that
	layer_12: forgive me my dear frihtened it i was going to axc use that

file: 8288-274162-0014.flac
expected: d'artagnan increased the sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_2: taur tain and creasd tis sharpness of his pinatrating gas wach no secreit was caplabwlfh resisting
	layer_4: d'artiyin ancreased his sharpness of his pinetrat engaze wich no secret was capable f resisting
	layer_6: d'artaian increased his sharpness of his penetratin gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_8: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetratind gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_10: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting
	layer_12: d'artagnan increased his sharpness of his penetrating gaze which no secret was capable of resisting

file: 8288-274162-0015.flac
expected: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_2: you on hapepe about sumting he saide
	layer_4: you on happy about something he said
	layer_6: you arenhappy about something he said
	layer_8: you aren'happy about something he said
	layer_10: you are unhappy about something he said
	layer_12: you are unhappy about something he said

file: 8288-274162-0016.flac
expected: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_2: i am andeed and you know the reason v rell mis sho dotenin
	layer_4: i amindeed and you know the reason vaurrel missior outtanon
	layer_6: i am indeed and you know the reason vary rel monsieurtartagnan
	layer_8: i am indeed and you know the reason very rell monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_10: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan
	layer_12: i am indeed and you know the reason very well monsieur d'artagnan

file: 8288-274162-0017.flac
expected: nay do not pretend to be astonished
	layer_2: na denotpretent o bistaii
	layer_4: na do not pretent o hiastimis
	layer_6: ne do not preten to vi as stomis
	layer_8: ney do not pretend to be his stonach
	layer_10: nay do not pretend to be hastonish
	layer_12: nay do not pretend to be astonishe

file: 8288-274162-0018.flac
expected: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_2: i am not porden into beas to ismy fimd
	layer_4: i havme not prdin into be ast on is my frimd
	layer_6: i avme not predending to be astonish my frind
	layer_8: i am not predending to be astonished my friend
	layer_10: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend
	layer_12: i am not pretending to be astonished my friend

file: 8288-274162-0019.flac
expected: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh oh
	layer_2: i have meither head  no arm h do not ty spyse but helte my into words i n the mosreched o living beings o
	layer_4: i have mneither head nor arm  do not de spis but heltme into words i n the mostretcherd of living beings oa
	layer_6: i have neither head nor arm do not despise buti help me in two words i an the most wretcrd of living beings ou
	layer_8: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oh u
	layer_10: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oo
	layer_12: i have neither head nor arm do not despise but help me in two words i am the most wretched of living beings oo

file: 8288-274162-0020.flac
expected: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_2: she ias deseeving said deartanion tot a mus al of whose face had moovd tloes are big wors who make ous of them
	layer_4: she is deceiving you said t'artanion dot a musal of whose face had moved lose are piggwords who makes use of them
	layer_6: she is deceiding you said d'artagnan dot a mussele of whose face head moved those are pig words whom makes use of them
	layer_8: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan dot a muscle of whose face had moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_10: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them
	layer_12: she is deceiving you said d'artagnan not a muscle of whose face head moved those are big words who makes use of them

file: 8288-274162-0021.flac
expected: every one ah
	layer_2: eren a
	layer_4: everyone a
	layer_6: everyone ah
	layer_8: everyone ah
	layer_10: everyone ah
	layer_12: everyone ah

file: 8288-274162-0022.flac
expected: if every one says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_2: if everyone se so their must be some trouthinit
	layer_4: if everyone say so theire must be some truth in it
	layer_6: if every one say so there must be some truth in it
	layer_8: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_10: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it
	layer_12: if everyone says so there must be some truth in it

file: 8288-274162-0023.flac
expected: not for a friend for a son
	layer_2: not fore of friend for a su
	layer_4: not for a friend for a son
	layer_6: not for a friend for a son
	layer_8: not for a friend for a son
	layer_10: not for a friend for a son
	layer_12: not for a friend for a son

file: 8288-274162-0024.flac
expected: the deuce take it you are really ill from curiosity
	layer_2: adhose tacket ou are really n fromcourasty
	layer_4: a ducetackit ou are really e from curiasty
	layer_6: adoce take it you are really em from curiosti
	layer_8: a dece take it you are really e from curiosity
	layer_10: aduce take it you are really e from curiosity
	layer_12: adoce take it you are really e from curiosity

file: 8288-274162-0025.flac
expected: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_2: not is not from curiuste it his from lot
	layer_4: no it is not from curiosty it is from love
	layer_6: no it dos not from curiosity is is from love
	layer_8: no it es not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_10: no it is not from curiosity it is from love
	layer_12: no it is not from curiosity it is from love

file: 8288-274162-0026.flac
expected: good another big word
	layer_2: cot aneother vike ward
	layer_4: god another big ward
	layer_6: god another big ward
	layer_8: good another big ward
	layer_10: good another big ward
	layer_12: good another big ward

file: 8288-274162-0027.flac
expected: i tell you i love louise to distraction
	layer_2: id tel you i love luias to thestiection
	layer_4: i tell you i lovelueas to the straction
	layer_6: i tell you i love louise to the straction
	layer_8: i tell you i love louise to thistiraction
	layer_10: i tell you i love louis to thiseraction
	layer_12: i tell you i love louise to tistiraction

file: 8288-274162-0028.flac
expected: well suppose it were only that
	layer_2: whell su poseitowere only that
	layer_4: well su posit were only that
	layer_6: well suppose it were only that
	layer_8: well suppose it were only that
	layer_10: well suppose it were only that
	layer_12: well suppose it were only that

file: 8288-274162-0029.flac
expected: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_2: nostenceaul man ever succeeteded making much hove a bryin whin the head has trnd
	layer_4: nocenceibal man ever succedtedad making much ave a brain when the head was turned
	layer_6: no sinsible man ever succeeded id making much havf a brain when the head was turned
	layer_8: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_10: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned
	layer_12: no sensible man ever succeeded in making much of a brain when the head was turned

file: 8288-274162-0030.flac
expected: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_2: i have complely lostd my seenceeas in the same wry ar huntered tiamest ond my life
	layer_4: i have complely lost my sences in the same wery are huntred times an my life
	layer_6: i have completdely lost my senses in the same whery ae huntred times in my life
	layer_8: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_10: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life
	layer_12: i have completely lost my senses in the same way a hundred times in my life

file: 8288-274162-0031.flac
expected: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_2: you woaul her put you wuld not under stand me you ould un her stand but yoe hald notale bam me
	layer_4: you woul here but you would not understand me you whould unerstand but you would notol bay me
	layer_6: you wouldl heare but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_8: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_10: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me
	layer_12: you would hear but you would not understand me you would understand but you would not obey me

file: 8288-274162-0032.flac
expected: oh try try
	layer_2: o try tr
	layer_4: o tri tryi
	layer_6: o try try
	layer_8: oh try try
	layer_10: oh try try
	layer_12: o try try

file: 8288-274162-0033.flac
expected: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_2: i go fare eveni fy were un fortin adnough to no sumting and folsionan ough tookounicatito youd you are my frind you sayg and tetyes
	layer_4: i go far even i fi were unfortun nough to no someting and folition anough tookommunicati to you you are my friend you say inddeed yes
	layer_6: i go far even if i were unfortune enough to know something and folish e enough to communicated to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_8: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolishen enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_10: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish and enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes
	layer_12: i go far even if i were unfortunate enough to know something and foolish an enough to communicate it to you you are my friend you say indeed yes

file: 8288-274162-0034.flac
expected: very good i should quarrel with you
	layer_2: ther i gooty i shoud coral wis hyou
	layer_4: there i goodo i should carr  wats you
	layer_6: there a good i should cuorral with you
	layer_8: theyre are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_10: there are good i should quarrel with you
	layer_12: there are good i should quarrel with you

file: 8288-274162-0035.flac
expected: i never complain as you know but as heaven and my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brains i will go and get the first person i meet to give me the information which you withhold i will tell him he lies and and you would kill him
	layer_2: i never complayin a you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me forblowing ot my brim i wl go an git the first person i me to givme the in for mation which you with hootld i will tell him he leyesin and dyou ilo kiliim
	layer_4: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me forbloying out my bram i will go and get the first person ime to giveie the in for mation which you with hhoold i will tell him he liesan and dyou will kiliam
	layer_6: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my braim i will go and get the first person i me to give me the information which you with holoold i will tell him he lies an and you will kilian
	layer_8: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i met to give me the information which you with hoold i will tell him he lies and and you will kill him
	layer_10: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i mee to give me the information which you with hooold i will tell him he lies and and you will kill him
	layer_12: i never complain as you know but as heaven in my father would never forgive me for blowing out my brain i will go and get the first person i meen to give me the information which you with hoold i will tell him he lies an and you will kill him

file: 8288-274162-0036.flac
expected: and a fine affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_2: and ha find to fair thatwoald ve so much the better whach hould i e ie
	layer_4: and a find to fair that towud be so much the better what should i care
	layer_6: and a find affair that would be so much the better what sould i care
	layer_8: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_10: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care
	layer_12: and a fined affair that would be so much the better what should i care

file: 8288-274162-0037.flac
expected: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will get killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_2: you nowlsoo ma differentul and stid ivf giling you wil git ciled yourself i suppos youmin sery fine inded
	layer_4: you nowa soomy differen tol and stid if gilling you will get ciled yourself i suppos you mean sery fine indeed
	layer_6: you know assum y differental and stiad of killing you will git killd yourself i suppose you mean ery fine indeed
	layer_8: you now assume a different ton instead of killing you will git killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_10: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will git killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed
	layer_12: you now assume a different tone instead of killing you will git killed yourself i suppose you mean very fine indeed

file: 8288-274162-0038.flac
expected: how much i should regret you
	layer_2: how much i siould er gret you
	layer_4: how much i should her gret ou
	layer_6: how much i should her gret ou
	layer_8: how much i should hrgret you
	layer_10: how much i should egret you
	layer_12: how much i should egret you

file: 8288-274162-0039.flac
expected: of course i should go about all day saying ah
	layer_2: of cqoursai sho coabout all dha seing ou
	layer_4: of course i shahll coabout all day sing o
	layer_6: of course i shall go about all day sing a
	layer_8: of course i shall go about all day sying ah
	layer_10: of course i shall go about all day saying ah
	layer_12: of course i shall go about all day saying oh

file: 8288-274162-0040.flac
expected: what a fine stupid fellow that bragelonne was
	layer_2: what ha finds to pid illowf that braggalonwas
	layer_4: what are fin stoopid fillow that braggalone was
	layer_6: what ae find stupid fhellow that bragalone was
	layer_8: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalon was
	layer_10: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was
	layer_12: what a fine stupid fellow that bragalone was

file: 8288-274162-0041.flac
expected: as great a stupid as i ever met with
	layer_2: as grat a stupitdesi ever meatwith
	layer_4: his great a stupid as i ever metwith
	layer_6: his great a stupit as i ever met with
	layer_8: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_10: as great as stupid as i ever met with
	layer_12: as great as stupid as i ever met with

file: 8288-274162-0042.flac
expected: go then raoul go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_2: go then grown go in git your selfti spos dho f hefuw like
	layer_4: go then gron go und get your selfty sposede   fouw like
	layer_6: go then growd go un get yourself desposetoof if you like
	layer_8: go then grould go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_10: go then growl go and get yourself disposed of if you like
	layer_12: go then growl go and get yourself disposed of if you like

file: 8288-274162-0043.flac
expected: i hardly know who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_2: i har la knw who can have toutch you logic but dos etake me i you father has not been reaguly roebd of his money
	layer_4: i harlay knew who cand have toch you lodgic but docetake me if your father has not been reguly robed of his money
	layer_6: i hardly knew who can have toach you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regully robbed of his money
	layer_8: i hardly knew who can have tougch you logic but doce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_10: i hardly knew who can have taugh you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money
	layer_12: i hardly knew who can have taught you logic but deuce take me if your father has not been regularly robbed of his money

file: 8288-274162-0044.flac
expected: raoul buried his face in his hands murmuring no no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_2: ro wil bried hais facteon hiss hans murmring no n i have nut a singl friendin the worlt
	layer_4: ra will bried his face n his hands murmouring no no i have not a singl friend in the world
	layer_6: ri will buried his face in his hands murmuring no n i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_8: rawill buriet his face in his hands murmuring no  i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_10: raill buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world
	layer_12: raull buried his face in his hands murmuring no i have not a single friend in the world

file: 8288-274162-0045.flac
expected: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you although i am a gascon
	layer_2: i tho fancies mon'siur i do not laf at sou tho i am a guscon
	layer_4: idul fancies montsieur i do not laugh a you thoug iam a gyus cone
	layer_6: idol fancis monsieur i do not laugh at you tdhough i am a gasgon
	layer_8: idl fancys monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascon
	layer_10: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone
	layer_12: idle fancies monsieur i do not laugh at you though i am a gascone

file: 8288-274162-0046.flac
expected: a carpenter what do you mean
	layer_2: a civepie thr what doy you me
	layer_4: a kivepedthert what o you me
	layer_6: a cieprattir what do you mean
	layer_8: a cipridtherd what do you mean
	layer_10: a cipridthir what do you mean
	layer_12: a ciprid ther what do you mean

file: 8288-274162-0047.flac
expected: upon my word i don't know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain flooring
	layer_2: a pon y wer t i doe not no someon tled me there was a carpen ther who madeen opening through a certainflor
	layer_4: upon my word thi dod not kno someone told me there was ta carpend ther whom made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_6: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpent ther who made an opening throug a certain floor
	layer_8: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_10: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor
	layer_12: upon my word i do not know some one told me there was a carpenter who made an opening through a certain floor

file: 8288-274162-0048.flac
expected: oh i don't know where
	layer_2: o mi do't knowere
	layer_4: o my don't knowwere
	layer_6: why don't knowwhe
	layer_8: wi don't know where
	layer_10: i don't know where
	layer_12: y don't know where

file: 8288-274162-0049.flac
expected: in whose room then
	layer_2: and hos hero them
	layer_4: and whose ere om them
	layer_6: and whose oom them
	layer_8: and whose room them
	layer_10: and whose room them
	layer_12: and whose room them

file: 8288-274162-0050.flac
expected: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_2: i have tolt yo for the lesst hour that i known nothing of the hollefher
	layer_4: i have tod you for the lest hour that i know nothing of the whol ofar
	layer_6: i have told you for the lest hour that i know nothing of the holeafair
	layer_8: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_10: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair
	layer_12: i have told you for the last hour that i know nothing of the whole affair

file: 8288-274162-0051.flac
expected: but the painter then the portrait
	layer_2: but tepantrs hen the portret
	layer_4: but the painteres thin theportart
	layer_6: but the painter then the portat
	layer_8: but the painters then the portait
	layer_10: but the painters then the portrait
	layer_12: but the painters then the portrait

file: 8288-274162-0052.flac
expected: why you seem to have only that name in your mouth
	layer_2: youesoho to heame anly that nam anyor mouth
	layer_4: whye you so to him only that name inyour mouth
	layer_6: whare you su to ham only that name in your mouth
	layer_8: why you sui tohim only that name in your mouth
	layer_10: whye you suit to him only that name in your mouth
	layer_12: why you suit to him only that name in your mouth

file: 8288-274162-0053.flac
expected: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_2: i dod not hupposeitol consonynn
	layer_4: i do not sueppose it will conson
	layer_6: i do not suppose it will consen you
	layer_8: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_10: i do not suppose it will concern you
	layer_12: i do not suppose it will concern you

file: 8288-274162-0054.flac
expected: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to leave where are you going
	layer_2: as s youright andhy mad i steper to as if fy wregoing to le whar e you ging
	layer_4: is your aright ande made a steper to as if he weregoing to leat whee ae you going
	layer_6: yes you re a right and he made a stepor to as if he were going to leat why are you going
	layer_8: yes you are al right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_10: yes you are right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going
	layer_12: yes you 're right and he made a step or two as if he were going to lead where are you going

file: 8288-274162-0055.flac
expected: to look for some one who will tell me the truth
	layer_2: to look or semon who hatend ming te true
	layer_4: to look wor somon who alttene ming the truefe
	layer_6: to look for sommone who wil ten me the trup
	layer_8: to look for som one who will tell me the trup
	layer_10: to look for someone who will tell me the truth
	layer_12: to look for someone who will tell me the truth

file: 8288-274162-0056.flac
expected: who is that a woman
	layer_2: who wis that a womna
	layer_4: who was that a womno
	layer_6: who is that a woman
	layer_8: who is that a woman
	layer_10: who is that a woman
	layer_12: who is that a woman

file: 8288-274162-0057.flac
expected: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_2: you wishd to be cansold by someon and you wiuld be sow it one she will dad you nothing ilif herself of course so be of
	layer_4: you wish to be cansold by someone and you will be so it once she will del you nothing ill if herself of course so be off
	layer_6: you wish to be consold by someone and you will be so at once she will dellyou nothing ell of herself of course so be off
	layer_8: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_10: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off
	layer_12: you wish to be consoled by some one and you will be so at once she will tell you nothing ill of herself of course so be off

file: 8288-274162-0058.flac
expected: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_2: you are mstack en onse repliedro though oman i men wll tell me al ther evor she possiblykain
	layer_4: you are mistaken mon seur replied ro though omand i mean will tellmy all the evi she possibly cain
	layer_6: you are mistaken monsier replied rou thoughorman i mean will tell  me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_8: you are mistaken monsieur replied roul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_10: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can
	layer_12: you are mistaken monsieur replied raoul the woman i mean will tell me all the evil she possibly can

file: 8288-274162-0059.flac
expected: well i admit it
	layer_2: e'l idmintet
	layer_4: well i havmit it
	layer_6: well i admitt it
	layer_8: well i admit it
	layer_10: well i admit it
	layer_12: well i admit it

file: 8288-274162-0060.flac
expected: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat does with a poor mouse
	layer_2: and in point o fact i should i play with ou as a catdes with the poormnous
	layer_4: and in point o fact wy should i play with you as a catnows with the por mauh
	layer_6: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poor mouth
	layer_8: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poor mouth
	layer_10: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poore mouth
	layer_12: and in point of fact why should i play with you as a cat nose with the poore mouth

file: 8288-274162-0061.flac
expected: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_2: oe testresmi you to intet
	layer_4: you dustres me you do indeed
	layer_6: you dustress me you do indeed
	layer_8: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_10: you distress me you do indeed
	layer_12: you distress me you do indeed

file: 8288-274162-0062.flac
expected: wait if you can
	layer_2: whayito you can
	layer_4: wa tifyou cin
	layer_6: wait if you can
	layer_8: wait if you can
	layer_10: wait if you can
	layer_12: wait if you can

file: 8288-274162-0063.flac
expected: i cannot so much the worse
	layer_2: i could dnot so much the wors
	layer_4: i could not so much the wors
	layer_6: i could not so much thee worse
	layer_8: i could not so much the worse
	layer_10: i could not so much thee worse
	layer_12: i could not so much thee worse

file: 8288-274162-0064.flac
expected: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_2: a said rol sneching egualy at the pin which te kept an held outoh him
	layer_4: a said roall snatching egrly at the pin which the keptain held out to him
	layer_6: a said roal snatching eagerly at the pen which the kaptain held out to him
	layer_8: ah said roall snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_10: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him
	layer_12: ah said raoul snatching eagerly at the pen which the captain held out to him

file: 8288-274162-0065.flac
expected: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_2: how vheryefworthin eat tattis he was looking tfor you to
	layer_4: how tery fartunat that is he was looking for you to
	layer_6: how veryfortunate hat is he was looking for you too
	layer_8: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_10: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too
	layer_12: how very fortunate that is he was looking for you too

file: 8288-274162-0066.flac
expected: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_2: she said the samed tlrn of voice it is not i who him goin to speak to im hoden
	layer_4: she said nthe samed turn a voice it is not i who im going to speak to him ho then
	layer_6: she said inthe same turn of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him o then
	layer_8: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_10: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then
	layer_12: she said in the same tone of voice it is not i who am going to speak to him who then

file: 6455-67804-0000.flac
expected: i accompany my granddaughter to this this entertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_2: i comeny my gran gauterd to this busnt tament herliti shit rsmonded
	layer_4: i  company my grandauter to this busn't tament her lotyshat presmonded
	layer_6: iadc company my grandaughter to the busin cament her loy shu presponded
	layer_8: i accompany my granddaughter to thi busetertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_10: i accompany my granddaughter to this busentertainment her ladyship responded
	layer_12: i accompany my granddaughter to this buentertainment her ladyship responded

file: 6455-67804-0001.flac
expected: it is scarcely a joyous occasion to my mind
	layer_2: it istcircely ageoi e occasien to ma mind
	layer_4: it isscarcely hadoycsoccasion to my mind
	layer_6: it isscarcely ajoyce occasion to my mind
	layer_8: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_10: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind
	layer_12: it is scarcely a joyce occasion to my mind

file: 6455-67804-0002.flac
expected: no need to dress yourself like that if it isn't ejaculated mister binnie
	layer_2: nony the dreus estolv wied vy af i isn't ajactalad in mister peny
	layer_4: nonly the dress er solv one vat if it isn't a jactalat an mister banny
	layer_6: no ny the dress her solf wone tat if it isn't a jaculated mister binny
	layer_8: no ne the dress her solt on tat if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_10: no need the dress her solf on bat if it isn't ejaculated mister binny
	layer_12: no need the dress her solf on that if it isn't ejaculated mister binny

file: 6455-67804-0003.flac
expected: if i were sure this was the same man i'd go myself
	layer_2: if o u rsurd tis was ha sa man i go myselt
	layer_4: if oure sure this was the sa man i go myselft
	layer_6: if i r sure this was thot say a man i go myself
	layer_8: if i were sure this was to say a man id go myself
	layer_10: if i were sure this was to say a man i'd go myself
	layer_12: if i were sure this was to say a man i'd go myself

file: 6455-67804-0004.flac
expected: when i find a fellow who's neither knave nor fool i stick to him believe i'll send to find out
	layer_2: whe ive iti fell of his neger nave north foo i sic him blea veltin the f inda
	layer_4: when i've igta fello his neger nave north foull i sicxto him blieve else on the finda
	layer_6: when i'v id a fellow whs nigger nave north foull i stix to him believe elson the find a
	layer_8: when i'v ied a fellow whos nigger nave north fool i sick to him believe elson te find at
	layer_10: when iv it a fellow whos nigger naved north fool i stick to him believe elson t find out
	layer_12: when iv it a fellow whos nigger naved north fool i stick to him believe elson te find out

file: 6455-67804-0005.flac
expected: the only time he had made any comment upon her was the first time he saw her in the dress she had copied from octavia's nice gown that he blurted out didn't get it here i'll wager
	layer_2: the oling hime himen elycome o poner wis the first irmes tlo hernd the dres she a compih moktippious niy scand that  toardadout didntgoeldb a here al wagure
	layer_4: the oling hime ham ind egyn comin uponor was the first ir musla her nd the dress she a comih maktapious ni scand that he tlarded out didn' ot a hure allwager
	layer_6: the onlin hime y ham nd ain comman upon her wis the first timemiuslaw her in the dress she hadccompih macktaveus ni scand that he glurded out didn't gev ta hear ill wager
	layer_8: the only hya mad ain common upon her was the first time heu saw her in the dress she accomplished mactavius ni scon that he dlurnted out didn't get i here all wager
	layer_10: the only hirmia made ay comment upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias na scound that he blurted out didn't gep i here all wager
	layer_12: the only hiia made any comment upon her was the first time you saw her in the dress she accomplished moctavias na scound that he blurted out didn't get it here a'll wager

file: 6455-67804-0006.flac
expected: doesn't look like it he said gruffly
	layer_2: thesn look likget is ad graflly
	layer_4: theis n look ik et is a graphlly
	layer_6: the'sn' looklik get isai grafly
	layer_8: doesn't look like it isar grafully
	layer_10: doesn't look like it is irte grafully
	layer_12: doesn't look like it is tit grafully

file: 6455-67804-0007.flac
expected: no she answered i am not afraid at all
	layer_2: now he en tere i am mot a fortital
	layer_4: no she inswered i am mot a frdital
	layer_6: no she inswered iam morafritidle
	layer_8: no she answered i am not a fritatal
	layer_10: no she answered i am not a fritadl
	layer_12: no she answered i am not a fritidle

file: 6455-67804-0008.flac
expected: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_2: i s all not be afraedt agad
	layer_4: i shall not be afraid agin
	layer_6: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_8: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_10: i shall not be afraid again
	layer_12: i shall not be afraid again

file: 6455-67804-0009.flac
expected: in fact she had perfectly confounded her ladyship by her demeanor
	layer_2: and tackt she ap erfecalycoinfound ed her lady should by herd do maner
	layer_4: and fhut she a pherfectlly con founded her lady should by her ominer
	layer_6: an fact she ad perfectly confounded her lady should by her demianour
	layer_8: in fact she a perfectly confoundin her ladyship by her demanour
	layer_10: in fact she ha perfectly confound in her ladyship by her demanour
	layer_12: in fact she had perfectly confound in her ladyship by her demeanour

file: 6455-67804-0010.flac
expected: i beg you will not speak to me of that again she said i will not listen
	layer_2: i be yo not sbea to me af thara hyand she sai i wle at lisn
	layer_4: i be your not spe to me of tarig nd she said i will out listent
	layer_6: i be you'll not speak to me of tharagean she said i will out listen
	layer_8: i be you wll not speak to me of thar agan she said i will not listen
	layer_10: i beg you ill not speak to me of tharan she said i will not listen
	layer_12: i beg you will not speak to me of tharagen she said i will not listen

file: 6455-67804-0011.flac
expected: and turning about she walked out of the room
	layer_2: and turning about she walk aut of the rit
	layer_4: and turning about she walked out of the ri
	layer_6: and turning about she walked out of the rom
	layer_8: and turning about she walked out of the rim
	layer_10: and turning about she walked out of the rom
	layer_12: and turning about she walked out of the rom

file: 6455-67804-0012.flac
expected: and nothing more had been said on the subject since
	layer_2: an nothime ore hear bed sad on tubjiccents
	layer_4: and nothin more heabesat ofn sebjeccencse
	layer_6: and nothing more havbis hat on tsubjec sens
	layer_8: and nothing more habisit on t subject sense
	layer_10: and nothing more hav bnsaid on the subject since
	layer_12: and nothing more have been sid on the subject since

file: 6455-67804-0013.flac
expected: before breakfast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which ran as follows
	layer_2: befor bracmith missplin the was stortl by thyer ivil  wadnother telogar which maine as follas
	layer_4: before breckt mith missplenter was stirtle by the rivl ofa nother tellegar which rained thas follows
	layer_6: before breckwith miss bullinda was sturtle by the rrival of another telegar which reignd as follows
	layer_8: before breakwith miss bolinda was stirtled by the arrival of another telegra which rained as follows
	layer_10: before breakfaste miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which reigned as follows
	layer_12: before breakast miss belinda was startled by the arrival of another telegram which reined as follows

file: 6455-67804-0014.flac
expected: arrived to day per russia be with you tomorrow evening
	layer_2: a rive to dhey perressio beu uth et a miw edning
	layer_4: arive to day per ressio be with et e myile evening
	layer_6: arrived to day perressia beauwth iter mile evening
	layer_8: arrived to day peressia beawoth ya te mole evening
	layer_10: arrive to day parussia bauothy te morro evening
	layer_12: arrived to day parassia beauthy te morrol evening

file: 6455-67804-0015.flac
expected: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_2: frind with m marain hasid
	layer_4: frind with me marton basi
	layer_6: frend with me martin bassit
	layer_8: friend with me martin bassit
	layer_10: friend with me martin bassett
	layer_12: friend with me martin bassett

file: 6455-67804-0016.flac
expected: well remarked octavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_2: wel re mati a ave ia i suppose thaut would havebmen evanage
	layer_4: well it eremanxtl taveia i suppose that wuld have men in taevanage
	layer_6: well i remanc ltavia i suppose that would have ben an ma vantage
	layer_8: well it remorked rotavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_10: well it remarked otavia i suppose that would have been an advantage
	layer_12: well it remarked otavia i suppose that would have been in advantage

file: 6455-67804-0017.flac
expected: octavia was a marked figure upon the grounds at that garden party another dress my dear remarked missus burnham
	layer_2: ataveieae was a markt ficker pon the grow aft lic gardnpirty n other jess midyar remrk mister brnem
	layer_4: ouctavia was a marked fikur upon the grout of lice gardenpity nother juss mydear reremarkmister brntim
	layer_6: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouth of tate gardenparty nother jesst my dea remarked mister brtam
	layer_8: octavia was a marked figure upon the grouds of that garden party anther desst my dear remarked mister burnham
	layer_10: octavia was a marked figure upon the ground of that garden party another dresst my dear remarked mister burdham
	layer_12: octavia was a marked figure upon the groud of that garden party another dresst my dear remarked mister burtham

file: 6455-67804-0018.flac
expected: and what a charming color she has i declare she is usually paler
	layer_2: ndwout a charming color he haseede clar sesusually piller
	layer_4: andwat a charming color she hasat a clear ses usually paler
	layer_6: and wout a charming color she hasit aclear ses usually pal er
	layer_8: and wat a charming colour she has't t clear sees usually pal her
	layer_10: and what a charming color she has nt i clear ses usually paleer
	layer_12: and what a charming colour she has it  clear sees usually paler

file: 6455-67804-0019.flac
expected: perhaps we owe this to lord lansdowne
	layer_2: perapsd bhe othis to lorn lnso
	layer_4: perhaps the othis tolord lanson
	layer_6: perhaps the othis to lor lanzon
	layer_8: perhaps the otes to lord landzon
	layer_10: perhaps the otest to lord landzone
	layer_12: perhaps the otest to lord landzone

file: 6455-67804-0020.flac
expected: she's prettier than ever to day and is enjoying herself
	layer_2: shis pritear vert ay in is enjoyngerself
	layer_4: shis prettyrt eadverd ay in his en jin erself
	layer_6: she's prettear n edver to day in is enjoyn herself
	layer_8: she's pretier tan edver to day an is enjoying herself
	layer_10: she's prettier than edwar to day and his enjoying herself
	layer_12: she's prettier than edwar to day and his enjoying herself

file: 6455-67804-0021.flac
expected: she was enjoying herself mister francis barold observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_2: she wisn oang herself miser pran es bril bser theit bather clumilly at hy sid apart
	layer_4: she wisan oing herself misser frand is burl observe that rather glumily asthe soid a part
	layer_6: she wise enejoying herself misster friandsis birl observe that rather gloomily as he soot apart
	layer_8: she was enjoying herself mister francis brl observed it rather gloomily as he sod apart
	layer_10: she was enjoying herself mister francisbrl observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart
	layer_12: she was enjoying herself mister francisbro observed it rather gloomily as he stood apart

file: 6455-67804-0022.flac
expected: and then had come lord lansdowne who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point burmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_2: and then ha com lord ly ensod ho an cosst nalon the shikc hantef this host haveen ebserv tokepis ied ixst upoarm one fprtic olhu point er mistownd he sai after havings mook in his firswirt who is that tal grein wigt
	layer_4: and then ha come loardlyensod who and cosstonta lond tho shake and weith this host have been bserved to keep his eydixt uporn wone prticelar point bermistown he sai after having smook in his first words who is that tall girll an white
	layer_6: and then ha come lordlyanzod who and crosstin alon to shake hands with this host have been observed to keep his eye sfixed upon one particular point bermistone he said after having smook in his first words who is that tall girl and white
	layer_8: and then had come lord lyanzod who in crossingthe lawn to shake hands with this host have been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmastone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_10: and then had come lord lnzord who in crossingthe lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white
	layer_12: and then had come lord lanzord who in crossing the lawn to shake hands with his host had been observed to keep his eye fixed upon one particular point birmistone he said after having spoken his first words who is that tall girl in white

file: 6455-67804-0023.flac
expected: and in ten minutes lady theobald missus burnham mister barold and divers others too numerous to mention saw him standing at octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_2: in enteminits laty they abled misterbern misterbarldn the vers others tol numr ossimengion somesh in the o tve iassihd ofr tantly with no antintion o laving at
	layer_4: in entiminutes lade theabled mister burna mister barld an the vers others too numrous simention somsinly octavioussid of thantly with no intintion of leaving it
	layer_6: in in ti minutes lady theabled mister burna mister bald an the vers others too numerous simension saw m sine actavias side of dantly with no intention of leaving at
	layer_8: in in ten minutes lady theobled mister burnam mister barel tan the vers others too numerous tamension saw m sinle octavia' side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_10: iin ten minutes lady theopeld mister burnam mister bareled an the vers others too numerous to mention saw msint octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it
	layer_12: iin ten minutes lady theopld mister burnam mister bareled an the vers others too numerous to mention saw imsinte octavia's side evidently with no intention of leaving it

file: 6455-67804-0024.flac
expected: not long after this francis barold found his way to miss belinda who was very busy and rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_2: not long agh te this frento spirl fan as waite in mispolindo he was very bus the innr bather nerveis in tecus evenat l an joyngnerself he uremark
	layer_4: not long af ter this frantospirl foun as wait ai mis blinta he was very busy it  bhather nerviset u nesus evnat len joyig erself he remark
	layer_6: not long after this franti spirel found as wai to miss bolinda he was very busy idn bather nervist u nices evinent loenjoying hoerself he remarked
	layer_8: not long after this francis berol found his way to miss belinda he was very busy iv wather nervous your niece is evident ly enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_10: not long after this francis berryll found his way to miss belinda he was very busy en rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked
	layer_12: not long after this francis berryll found his way to miss belinda he was very busy evn rather nervous your niece is evidently enjoying herself he remarked

file: 6455-67804-0025.flac
expected: octavia is most happy to day answered miss belinda
	layer_2: o caea is most happy to thay anter missiplnder
	layer_4: occliat is most happy to dthey antered missiblende
	layer_6: ocalia is most happy to tay intered missi plinda
	layer_8: oclia is most happy today entered miss blinda
	layer_10: acalia is most happy to day enswered miss belinda
	layer_12: acalia is most happy to day enswered miss belinda

file: 6455-67804-0026.flac
expected: very few people understand octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure that i follow all her moods myself
	layer_2: feryif you pyo ble under sand uc taveviosin mistlande a not shuld i fallow ol her mites myself
	layer_4: very if you pe ble undersan ouctavius imistilinda i'm not sholdo i follow all her muds myself
	layer_6: very ifyou people understain activia s and mistr bl inda i'm not should i follow all her mude myself
	layer_8: very few people undersant octavia said missr blinda i'm not suredtt i follow all her mudes myself
	layer_10: very few people understan octavia said miss belinda i'm not sure tha i follow all her moods myself
	layer_12: very few people understand octavia said missus belinda i'm not sure tha i follow all her moods myself

file: 6455-67804-0027.flac
expected: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_2: she s not s forivlesce as she  pearcs tovoso joke now herwa
	layer_4: she is not as frivelescs as she appearcs to thos e jot kno her whal
	layer_6: she is not as friveiles as she appears to those o dokte know her well
	layer_8: she is not as frivolous as she appears to thosewho don't know her well
	layer_10: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well
	layer_12: she is not as frivolous as she appears to those who don't know her well

file: 6455-67804-0028.flac
expected: barold stood gnawing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_2: tberld sud nong is must ash ad ma no r play he was not very cometable
	layer_4: berld sud knong is must ash afd mayd no rply he was not very cometable
	layer_6: bald said knong as must asham made no reply he was not very comeortable
	layer_8: berele sod nong his mustashe and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_10: berl sod noing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable
	layer_12: berl sod noing his mustache and made no reply he was not very comfortable

file: 6455-67804-0029.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by fate and rather wished he had returned to london from broadoaks instead of loitering in slowbridge
	layer_2: ef oa ham supp ill us by fit and mather boush tea ore curred da enofro botogs n sid t al vodering an slobarage
	layer_4: ifhil him supp ill use by fac and mather bush ter returredg to len from botogs tand said i a voy ering ind sloberiage
	layer_6: e fhell himselp ill used by fat and mather bush e h returnd to lend from bottocs and seid of  voidering ind slowberidge
	layer_8: he fel himself ill used by fat and materbushed hehd returned to lend from bottokhs intetd of o voidering in slowbridge
	layer_10: he feel himself ill used by fat and matherbushed he had returned to ledn from bottoks instead of voidering in slowbridge
	layer_12: he fel himself ill used by fat and matherbushed he had returned to lendn from bottoks instead of voidering in slowbridge

file: 6455-67804-0030.flac
expected: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_2: het ha mesontelffe a first but intime haens ar pairse thi fbines on mse mant lo something of it deesst
	layer_4: h td amesom selff ata first but intime h had beens ar prires thofin es ad meusement loo something of itdsessd
	layer_6: he had ames hmself ata first but in time h had been surprisd the findeds amusement lose something of itszest
	layer_8: he had amuze himself at first but in time he hd been surpried to find hs amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_10: he had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest
	layer_12: h had amused himself at first but in time he had been surprised to find his amusement lose something of its zest

file: 6455-67804-0031.flac
expected: it's deucedly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_2: its ducily baut formon his part e the mently wat tha hy meang by t
	layer_4: its ducily boaud formon his part i the mentally what dos thy mean by ip
	layer_6: it's ducily bad form on his part isatmentally what does hye mean by it
	layer_8: it's ducily bad form on his part he sad mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_10: its deucidly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it
	layer_12: its deucidly bad form on his part he said mentally what does he mean by it

file: 6455-67804-0032.flac
expected: octavia on the contrary did not ask what he meant by it
	layer_2: a taveia on the caonsurdi not ash moenymentbyet
	layer_4: octafia on the contury d id not askmony ment byit
	layer_6: actavia on the contrary did not ask mony meant by it
	layer_8: octavia on the contrary did not ask heny meat by it
	layer_10: octavia on the contrary did not ask whenh meant by it
	layer_12: octavia on the contrary did not ask when he meant by it

file: 6455-67804-0033.flac
expected: where he ejaculated i say what a name
	layer_2: where you jactl at id i say whand an net
	layer_4: where you jeacolatid i say whald a nat
	layer_6: where you jacculated i say what ta nat
	layer_8: whe are you jaculated i say what a nave
	layer_10: wherre you ejaculatd i say what a nae
	layer_12: wherre you ejaculated i say what a nave

file: 6455-67804-0034.flac
expected: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_2: i ad notbserve thit and swer her lady shop
	layer_4: i had not  bserved ti answer her ladyshop
	layer_6: i had not observed it answerd her ladyship
	layer_8: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_10: i had not observed it answered her ladyship
	layer_12: i had not observed it answered her ladyship

file: 6455-67804-0035.flac
expected: but she glared at barold as he passed and beckoned to him where is lucia she demanded
	layer_2: but she clareid it bhiral te se pasedn becon o him ley as lusiatin im inded
	layer_4: ut she glareid at berold hes sy passed beckond to him wy as luciushon iminded
	layer_6: ut she glared at bartld o se passed an beckon to him whaty wis lucie she imanded
	layer_8: ut she glared at barel as e passed and beckoned to him what is lucha she i manded
	layer_10: bu she glared at bereld as he passed and beckoned to him what is lucioshe demanded
	layer_12: bu she glared at bereld as he passed and beckoned to him what is luciosha demanded

file: 6455-67804-0036.flac
expected: i saw her with burmistone half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message for my mother i shall return to london to morrow leaving here early she turned quite pale
	layer_2: i wor her butd birmistan half n wrgo he aterd coing have y any mathighfrmoy mother e shlra tuengal ant into mar leaving her arly turn lit pale
	layer_4: isfle her with burmison half norrago he answred caling have you any metage fo my mother a shal retrnle and into mar leaving here early turn cite pale
	layer_6: i se her with burmason half norroago he answered collin have you any message for my mother i shall return aland into mar leaving here early turned quite pale
	layer_8: i sa her with brmiston half an hour ago he answered colly have you any message for my mother i shall return to londin to marr leaving here early turn quiete pale
	layer_10: i saw her with bermiston half an hour ago he answered coldliy have you any message fom my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turn quite pale
	layer_12: i saw her with bermiston half an hour ago he answered coldly have you any message fom my mother i shall return to london to mar leaving here early turn quite pale

file: 6455-67804-0037.flac
expected: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_2: what hs happett she askd richadly holook leghtl ys a prised nothing what o ere he ereplied
	layer_4: what is happet she asked rigidly hlookslightlys arprised nothing whataerhe replired
	layer_6: what is happed she asked rigadly he look lightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_8: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_10: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied
	layer_12: what has happened she asked rigidly he looked slightly surprised nothing whatever he replied

file: 6455-67804-0038.flac
expected: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_2: avera mand her longer ofn iantendid
	layer_4: ivermain her longer of an i antended
	layer_6: i have remained her longer oftan i intended
	layer_8: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_10: i have remained here longer than i intended
	layer_12: i have remained here longer than i intended

file: 6455-67804-0039.flac
expected: she began to move the manacles on her right wrist
	layer_2: she beata mov th makl an oa rit bist
	layer_4: she begat i move mncles an or rigt bist
	layer_6: she begat a moved manicles in he right wist
	layer_8: she began to moved mannacls in her right wist
	layer_10: she began to move mannacles in her right wist
	layer_12: she began to move mannackles in her right wist

file: 6455-67804-0040.flac
expected: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_2: she hd not role sha up andter her own i forn lothing
	layer_4: she had not brogtli siae up andther her own y forn lothing
	layer_6: she had not brogtlisia up under her own eye fr nothing
	layer_8: she had not brougt lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_10: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing
	layer_12: she had not brought lucia up under her own eye for nothing

file: 6455-67803-0000.flac
expected: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_2: chaptors hen e three may i go
	layer_4: chapters whent e three may i go
	layer_6: chapters wente three may i go
	layer_8: chapters wenty three may i go
	layer_10: chapter twenty three may i go
	layer_12: chapter twenty three may i go

file: 6455-67803-0001.flac
expected: the very day after this octavia opened the fourth trunk
	layer_2: the very day afterthis uctaveie open the fortrungk
	layer_4: the very day after this actavya opened ho for trungk
	layer_6: the very day after this actavia opene the fourt trunk
	layer_8: the very day after this octavia opened ha forth trunk
	layer_10: the very day after this octavia opened th fort trunk
	layer_12: the very day after this octavia opened the fort trunk

file: 6455-67803-0002.flac
expected: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugald binnie is at oldclough who is he
	layer_2: anv thidently something ald happing o tav ys te said misti dogoled beny is at old clow ho wisee
	layer_4: and te dently something at happend 'ctave yah he said mister dogoled beeny is aut old clowe who is ehe
	layer_6: andvidently something ad happened actavyat she said mister duggled benny is taut old clouw who is he
	layer_8: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister duggle binny is that old klow who is he
	layer_10: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugle benny is at old klow who is he
	layer_12: evidently something had happened octavia she said mister dugle benny is at old klow who is he

file: 6455-67803-0003.flac
expected: he is my grand uncle explained lucia tremulously he has a great deal of money
	layer_2: he has mi ran oncl exlan mushr chhu melussle her hadsa grai deal of money
	layer_4: he has mytgrinuncle exclain musiahc himulussly here has a great deal of money
	layer_6: he is my grat uncle explained musia cemulusly here has a great deal of money
	layer_8: he is my grat uncle exclaimed mucha tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_10: he is my grand uncle exclaimed mucha tremulously here has a great deal of money
	layer_12: he is my grand uncle exclaimed mucha tremulously here has a great deal of money

file: 6455-67803-0004.flac
expected: i do not quite understand grandmamma octavia she said
	layer_2: a i no't cuie and her stake wre amt tviea she said
	layer_4: i did not quite inderstake rem amo tavia she said
	layer_6: i dod not quite understake rot ma mag tivia she said
	layer_8: i do not quite understake whim mammak tevia she said
	layer_10: i do not quite understanke when mamma tavia she said
	layer_12: i do not quite understanke whet mamma tavia she said

file: 6455-67803-0005.flac
expected: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_2: last nash cint my rin the takdo me and his mordish cal ain an o
	layer_4: last nich cinto my rom the tak to me ind this mortish came agin in oh
	layer_6: last nigh sh kan to my room the talk to me and this mordish came again an oh
	layer_8: last nigh she came to my oom tho talk to me and this mornishe came again and oh
	layer_10: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh
	layer_12: last night she came to my room to talk to me and this morning she came again and oh

file: 6455-67803-0006.flac
expected: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_2: she brogt our adignantely how culdcs hies pic to me an such umaner
	layer_4: she brougg aur adignatly how could he spick t me in such a manner
	layer_6: she broug out indignantly how could she spiakt me in such a manner
	layer_8: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_10: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner
	layer_12: she broke out indignantly how could she speak to me in such a manner

file: 6455-67803-0007.flac
expected: what did you understand
	layer_2: what the youwend her sand
	layer_4: what that yeu indher send
	layer_6: what did you inder sand
	layer_8: what did you undersand
	layer_10: what did you understand
	layer_12: what did you understand

file: 6455-67803-0008.flac
expected: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister binnie may leave me his money
	layer_2: i am o n afto r ama ed ti nout teir fr met and make my seef a trap titin te o bt at he ll conde sn to mariyy coae mistere beanny mawlldhee me is money
	layer_4: i am to rw un after remare he dis not tere for me and make my self a traped i in the hopelhat he wll con to sen to marrynmy because mister benny may il eve me his money
	layer_6: i am to run after amare ho dos not car for me and make myself attrapt ivp in the hope tat he will conde sen to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_8: i am to run after a man who does not carr for me and make myself a tracpet ive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_10: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money
	layer_12: i am to run after a man who does not care for me and make myself attractive in the hope that he will condescend to marry me because mister benny may leave me his money

file: 6455-67803-0009.flac
expected: do you wonder that it took even lady theobald a long time to say that
	layer_2: do you won ther tot it tuok evemidy fial a aong time e sayd thot
	layer_4: do you won there that it took evemidy teef o a long timed tho say that
	layer_6: do you wonder hat it took eve mitty theeoaboul a long time to say that
	layer_8: do you wonder tha it took even miti hee about a long time to say that
	layer_10: do you wonder that it took even midie thee about a long time to say that
	layer_12: do you wonder that it took even midie thee about a long time to say that

file: 6455-67803-0010.flac
expected: well remarked octavia you won't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_2: lelt r mar don' tave yieut e violn' do it isupos i would int mory
	layer_4: lel ar martdon't tave yo eebil't do it i suppose i would it wory
	layer_6: lell oremarkdount teveia yeu bil n do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_8: well remarked unt teva you wiln do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_10: well remarked aunctevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry
	layer_12: well remarked unc tevia you wiln't do it i suppose i wouldn't worry

file: 6455-67803-0011.flac
expected: oh i always knew it i didn't guess
	layer_2: ol ai alays do i i di an ges
	layer_4: alhl i always no im i did at gues
	layer_6: olh i always no it i didn't guess
	layer_8: ah i always do it i didn't guess
	layer_10: oh i always no it i didn't guess
	layer_12: oh i always do it i didn't guess

file: 6455-67803-0012.flac
expected: and she smiled ever so faintly
	layer_2: thi se silt every sor tately
	layer_4: hi asmild every so thehtely
	layer_6: ad she smiled every so dately
	layer_8: at she smiled ever so datly
	layer_10: that she smiled ever so faitly
	layer_12: that she smiled ever so fatly

file: 6455-67803-0013.flac
expected: that is one of the reasons why she loathes me so she added
	layer_2: that s wem the rieasntfwi she lobes me so she adde
	layer_4: that s whon the reasont wy she lowdes me so she adde
	layer_6: that is lwhen the reasons why she loade me so she added
	layer_8: that is whin the reasons why she loadhs me so she added
	layer_10: that is whin the reasons why she loaths me so she added
	layer_12: that is whin the reasons why she loathes me so she added

file: 6455-67803-0014.flac
expected: lucia thought deeply for a moment she recognized all at once several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_2: le should tot deeep le forbem it she recanesd allat wids several thing s he had men mis ti fied byave afor
	layer_4: be should hot deeply forbermit she reconized all at wites severalthing she had men mistefied byve a fore
	layer_6: beshod thought deeply forberment she recognized all at wiss several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_8: bisha thought deeply forbument she recognized all at wis several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_10: bicha thought deeply forbimet she recognized all at wiss several things she had been mystified by before
	layer_12: bicha thought deeply forbemet she recognized all at wiss several things she had been mystified by before

file: 6455-67803-0015.flac
expected: octavia smiled a little again
	layer_2: uctaeiousma n lid ra agaent
	layer_4: octavious maan literall agat
	layer_6: actavia sman litele again
	layer_8: octavia smiing littrle again
	layer_10: octavia smilling little again
	layer_12: octaviu smilling little again

file: 6455-67803-0016.flac
expected: lucia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_2: mes siur sat thinking her hans clospe tidly
	layer_4: musia sat thinking her hands clasp tily
	layer_6: musia sat thinking her hands clasped titly
	layer_8: mushia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_10: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly
	layer_12: muchia sat thinking her hands clasped tightly

file: 6455-67803-0017.flac
expected: i am glad i came here she said at length
	layer_2: i'm glaht i caime yeursh sad at ly
	layer_4: i a'm glod i came year she said at le
	layer_6: i am glod i came here she said at lab
	layer_8: i am glad i came here she said at labe
	layer_10: i am glad i came here she said at lage
	layer_12: i am glad i came here she said at leage

file: 6455-67803-0018.flac
expected: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: i cink i shal never be afrate o erany mor
	layer_4: i think i shall never be affrat of or any more
	layer_6: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_8: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: i think i shall never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0019.flac
expected: her delicate nostrils were dilated she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exultation in her tone
	layer_2: her delikit naostral he dalad id infs he hellther head up her brathe came fast thr was a int af egiful ticion an oton
	layer_4: her delicat nostral wit allited ins she hel her head up her brath came fast ther was a hint o egful titien in heton
	layer_6: her delicate nostrels wid allated an she held her head up her breath came fast ther was a hint of egfultation in herton
	layer_8: her delicate nostrils withdilihted an she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of egfultation in her tone
	layer_10: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exfltation in her tune
	layer_12: her delicate nostrils were dilated and she held her head up her breath came fast there was a hint of exfultation in her tune

file: 6455-67803-0020.flac
expected: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_2: she whatd very tas afr she loved the house
	layer_4: she wal'ed very tast atfor she lofe the house
	layer_6: she wolked very tas affer she loft the house
	layer_8: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_10: she walked very fast after she left the house
	layer_12: she walked very fast after she left the house

file: 6455-67803-0021.flac
expected: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_2: but it was nota ginsthim that luhi uas in thignatiaon with a rousd
	layer_4: but it was not agains t im that lutiias in tignation with aroutst
	layer_6: but it was not against  him that lushia's indignation with aroused
	layer_8: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was roused
	layer_10: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused
	layer_12: but it was not against him that lucia's indignation was aroused

file: 6455-67803-0022.flac
expected: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_2: she wondere thef he hat heard her las worts e fansti o hat
	layer_4: she wonder tha thehat heard her las worts pefansit he had
	layer_6: she wondered that he had heard her last worts she fancit e had
	layer_8: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_10: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had
	layer_12: she wondered if he had heard her last words she fancied he had

file: 6455-67803-0023.flac
expected: he took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_2: you to coll ev er shakein littl hrn and loooked dhoun a her extaided face
	layer_4: you tok ole iver shaking little han and lookd down o her extited face
	layer_6: you took holeover shaking little hand and lookd down o her extited face
	layer_8: you took hole ofver shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_10: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face
	layer_12: you took hold of her shaking little hand and looked down at her excited face

file: 6455-67803-0024.flac
expected: i am angry she said you have never seen me angry before
	layer_2: ia engery ho said gavenever sto nme engre wefore
	layer_4: iam engery she said yave never sto me angry wefor
	layer_6: iam angery she said yve never so me angry before
	layer_8: i am angry she said you have never sond me angry before
	layer_10: i am angry she said you have never send me angry before
	layer_12: i am angry she said you have never seeed me angry before

file: 6455-67803-0025.flac
expected: i am on my way to my to lady theobald
	layer_2: i'n omy way to might t ledy the ablt
	layer_4: i'm almy way to my to ledytheabled
	layer_6: i'm on my way to my to lady theablet
	layer_8: i 'm on my way to my to lady theoblt
	layer_10: i'm on my way to my to lady theobld
	layer_12: i'm on my way to my to lady theobald

file: 6455-67803-0026.flac
expected: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_2: he holder han as comly as befor
	layer_4: he hold her heand as comly as before
	layer_6: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_8: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_10: he held her hand as calmly as before
	layer_12: he held her hand as calmly as before

file: 6455-67803-0027.flac
expected: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_2: what hyou wouln a sad or her he ast she laugf togain
	layer_4: what ye gwouln as saito her he asked she laughed t again
	layer_6: what r yo wound is say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_8: what ar you win ot say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_10: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again
	layer_12: what are you going to say to her he asked she laughed again

file: 6455-67803-0028.flac
expected: he held her hand rather closer
	layer_2: heldher haine ratherclaserd
	layer_4: held her han rather cliserd
	layer_6: hild her hand rather closerd
	layer_8: held her hand rather closer
	layer_10: held her hand rather closer
	layer_12: held her hand rather closer

file: 6455-67803-0029.flac
expected: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_2: she has ma you very engrey sai
	layer_4: she has mae you veryt engry said
	layer_6: she has made you very angrye said
	layer_8: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_10: she has made you very angry he said
	layer_12: she has made you very angry he said

file: 6455-67803-0030.flac
expected: and then almost before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_2: and then i mustheforsh knew whas she is doig she was poring forth the hol o restoy eve more of it than sheaed hel otavia
	layer_4: and then i mast beforth knew what she was doing she was poring forth the hole iferstoy eve more of it tan she hadtholl otivia
	layer_6: and then i must before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the hole of er story even more of it then she had tol ouctivia
	layer_8: and then i must before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had od activia
	layer_10: and then on wus before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia
	layer_12: and then on wus before she knew what she was doing she was pouring forth the whole of her story even more of it than she had told octavia

file: 6455-67803-0031.flac
expected: lucia he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobald you she said with a little start
	layer_2: be shalr he said a wishto wre let me go antark mhit tlady the abld ushis e witd little start
	layer_4: leshal he said i wish y we let me go an talk with lady theabolt you edhis i wit little start
	layer_6: we shal he said i wish you wuld let me go and talkd with lady theoblt you shus i with little start
	layer_8: leusha he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt you shus ten with little start
	layer_10: lecha he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobolt you shu am with little start
	layer_12: lecha he said i wish you would let me go and talk with lady theobold you shu san with little start

file: 6455-67803-0032.flac
expected: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_2: njes seeenter nt me goot er her
	layer_4: jes he entere wont me got to her
	layer_6: jes he enswered wet me go to her
	layer_8: ges he answered let me go to her
	layer_10: yes he answered let me go to her
	layer_12: yes he answered let me go to her

file: 6455-67803-0033.flac
expected: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise that you need never be afraid of her any more
	layer_2: if you will sa yest to tha it e icin pomence but you men never be af fradt of herding mor
	layer_4: if you will say yes to that i hin acanpomose but you men never be affait of heard ing more
	layer_6: if you will say yes to that i think icon promose but you mea never be afaite of hear anyng more
	layer_8: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you mean never be afraid of her any more
	layer_10: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise but you men never be afraid of her any more
	layer_12: if you will say yes to that i think i can promise tut you men never be afraid of her any more

file: 6455-67803-0034.flac
expected: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_2: the theres colord di t elever cheks in the terws rushd to her eys
	layer_4: the fiears colored ti ou liver cheeks in the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_6: the fierst colord dightd ot ever cheeks and the tears rushe to her eyes
	layer_8: the fierst color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_10: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes
	layer_12: the fierce color died out of her cheeks and the tears rushed to her eyes

file: 6455-67803-0035.flac
expected: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_2: shemrae ere tas withebat tate wok
	layer_4: shrase her tas with a be tetir lok
	layer_6: she raze her fase with a bateic look
	layer_8: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_10: she raised her face with a pathetic look
	layer_12: she raised her face with a pathetic look

file: 6455-67803-0036.flac
expected: i am desperately in love with you he answered in his quietest way
	layer_2: i'm diesperatle love wit ty he enredin ths quirous way
	layer_4: i'mdesperately n love with hyou he infered in thes quireus way
	layer_6: i'am desperately inlove with you he anfwered in this quireus way
	layer_8: i am desperately in love with you he answered in thi quires way
	layer_10: i am desperately in love with you he answered in thi chuirest way
	layer_12: i am desperately in love with you he answered in the chuirest way

file: 6455-66379-0000.flac
expected: hallo colonel how d'ye sell your wood this time
	layer_2: il ow cono hw dyou t your wood dhis time
	layer_4: alow conow how d yous tl your wood this time
	layer_6: allo conno how deoa sel you wood this time
	layer_8: allo colonel how doyo stell you would this time
	layer_10: alo colonel how doyou sell you would this time
	layer_12: alloh colonel how doyou sell you would this time

file: 6455-66379-0001.flac
expected: why capting we must charge you three and a quarter this time the d l
	layer_2: whyke aptingwe mus thart you hreean acourder the stime the tho
	layer_4: whyke apting we musttchart you threen acorder the s time the dogh
	layer_6: why gopting we must charge you threen a carter this time the du
	layer_8: why capting we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do
	layer_10: why capting we must charge you three in a quarter this time the dop
	layer_12: why capting we must charge you three in a quarter this time the do

file: 6455-66379-0002.flac
expected: supper was over and i retired to my upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as his principal opponent
	layer_2: super was overnt i rethire t o mat uppur burth thu thoatead long sid end over looking the braktaple where the caon t deeply ngage havi no the other pali as if pincibl o ponit
	layer_4: supper was over at i retiret to mat uper birth shi chwated long side an over looking the brackaple where the captand with deeply engage havin now the otheir pily as of princible opon it
	layer_6: supper was over atd i retired to mete upper birth suctuated long side and overlooking the braktaple where the captain with deeply engaged having now the other pilt as if principle apponet
	layer_8: supper was over and i retired to met upper birth situat ed alongside and overlooking the brack table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilote as of principal opponet
	layer_10: supper was over and i retired to met upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the brag table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as of principal opponent
	layer_12: supper was over and i retired to met upper berth situated alongside and overlooking the bracg table where the captain was deeply engaged having now the other pilot as of principal opponent

file: 6455-66379-0003.flac
expected: head her in shore then and take in six cords if it's good see to it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_2: heder in sharet then in takedtin six k aredthe id s goo se do at tomt no c antever wolyve the game now is cetting mer worm
	layer_4: hedter injore theen indtakedn in sixcwardther ids good se do it tomtin a cantver well deve the gabe now is cetting mrght war
	layer_6: hu er indsore thn intakening six orther ids good see do it tomps in a cant verwell lieave the gambe now is getting rght warm
	layer_8: he her in sre thn and takeni six ouarteit's good see do it tomsand i can't very well leave the game now it's getting rght warm
	layer_10: hut her in sor then and take nhin six quartho it's good see do it thompson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm
	layer_12: hut her in shore then and take thin six quarthof it's good see do it thomson i can't very well leave the game now it's getting right warm

file: 6455-66379-0004.flac
expected: this pilot's beating us all to smash the wooding completed we paddled on again
	layer_2: this peled s beninas all thesmash the woulde compliteto we patle on aget
	layer_4: this puled's betin his all the s mash the wode complited we pattled on ageit
	layer_6: this polots beating s all this mash the wody completed we padtled on a get
	layer_8: this pilot's beatin is all thismash the wode completed we paddled on a git
	layer_10: this pilot's beatng is all the smash the woodi completed we paddled on a git
	layer_12: this pilot's beatn is all the smash the woodi completed we paddled on a git

file: 6455-66379-0005.flac
expected: they were anxious to learn the game and they did learn it
	layer_2: ther insiestomvarind thegame and they dilerd it
	layer_4: their insius ston lernd the game and they didlerd it
	layer_6: their inxies s to learned the game and they didlered it
	layer_8: they'r anxioeus toll learn the game and they did lertit
	layer_10: they're anxious to learn the game and they dileart it
	layer_12: they're anxious to learn the game and they dileart it

file: 6455-66379-0006.flac
expected: still with all these disadvantages they continued playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_2: stil wit all these sarannges the cintonyu pling terg an it to larned begaime
	layer_4: still with all these as avmanages they continyu pling theg ane it to learne bagaim
	layer_6: still with all these as af manages they continue pling they want et to learn be gan
	layer_8: still with all these isadvanages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_10: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game
	layer_12: still with all these disadvantages they continue playing they wanted to learn the game

file: 6455-66379-0007.flac
expected: oh pretty glibly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what headway we are making for we are obliged to keep the middle of the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_2: ou protick liblys ser wreplie the mat wiecan scircely thell wa head boy we ar ma ing for wyuar blye to hep he it aldho giver and there is tu shud ove of fagrising
	layer_4: ot preticglivbly sir replied the mante we canscarcely tell wa headvo be armaking for weuar  blye to heep the it ol e giver and there is e shad ove o fagrasing
	layer_6: o pretty glibly's sir replied the maite we can scarcely tell what had o we are making for we a abli to heap them it old e grover and there is he shadoof a fogrizing
	layer_8: oh pretty glibbly sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what hea we are making for we are oblige to heap them mid oll the griver and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_10: oh pretty glibblie sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavy we are making for we are obliged to heap the middole the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising
	layer_12: oh pretty glibblies sir replied the mate we can scarcely tell what heavy we are making for we are obliged to heap the middolle the river and there is the shadow of a fog rising

file: 6455-66379-0008.flac
expected: this wood seems rather better than that we took in at yellow face's but we're nearly out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_2: thiswits himes roforbether n that we tooc an a gil ofaces but woarning aly out agen ad must beloking out from more
	layer_4: this wits hims ra or bether an that we tookan a gelofaces but werdningaly out again ad must be loking out fom more
	layer_6: this wit eems rouh for better than that we took ana gellow fhaces but werdinga le out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_8: this whitt seems raugh ford better than that we took inat gellow faces but were nana o lea out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_10: this whitt seems rahe for better than that we took in a yellow faces but were nea r lea out again and must be looking out for more
	layer_12: this whitt seems rathe for better than that we took in a yellow faces but we're neat lea out again and must be looking out for more

file: 6455-66379-0009.flac
expected: i saw a light just ahead on the right shall we hail
	layer_2: i's al wlihtd justhe hilun the brit sholl we hal
	layer_4: i s all litt just to hawnd the briagt shll we hale
	layer_6: i sawa lit just to hawn the bright shall we hale
	layer_8: i saw a light just to h on the bright shall we hail
	layer_10: i saw a light just a he on the bright shall we hail
	layer_12: i saw a light just a hen on the brigt shall we hail

file: 6455-66379-0010.flac
expected: yes yes replied the captain ring the bell and ask em what's the price of wood up here
	layer_2: ysiast ere pi the cap ten rein the bel an authomuchs the pere a woalt appear
	layer_4: yesyes werepie the capt beaen rn the bellan ahnmucs the parts af would apear
	layer_6: yes yesd replyed the cap and re nd the bellan atawet's the pises of wood apper
	layer_8: yes yesd replied the capan ren the bell and a omet's the pice of wood upper
	layer_10: yes yes repied the captan rin the bell and afomets the pice of wood upper
	layer_12: yes yes replied the captan rin the bell and afomets the pice of wood uppear

file: 6455-66379-0011.flac
expected: i've got you again here's double kings
	layer_2: i whlt oullyan ears oble kins
	layer_4: ie what youli an hers oel kins
	layer_6: i whought youle and heres douvile kings
	layer_8: i thought yu lean nhear hs dovle kings
	layer_10: i tought yu lein here is double kings
	layer_12: i thought you lein here is double kings

file: 6455-66379-0012.flac
expected: deal sir if you please better luck next time
	layer_2: dell serf you plas ben ta o lek ime
	layer_4: del srif you please benr lackclecx time
	layer_6: deal ser if you please benrlocclex time
	layer_8: deal sir if you please benrluklextime
	layer_10: deal sir if you please benll clextime
	layer_12: deal sir if you please benclex time

file: 6455-66379-0013.flac
expected: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you
	layer_2: the ot a pots woiseif the gain hero deck how wa chaeyou
	layer_4: the other pouts moise wf tha gain her o deck how watchave you
	layer_6: the other powt's voice wish again herno deck how much have you
	layer_8: the other pilot's voice was again herd o deck how much have you
	layer_10: the other piot's voice was again herd on deck how much have you
	layer_12: the other pilot's voice was again heard on deck how much have you

file: 6455-66379-0014.flac
expected: only about ten cords sir was the reply of the youthful salesman
	layer_2: nly bout tencor sir was replive the youthfulsileman
	layer_4: nly about tun cort sir was repliof tha youthful slemen
	layer_6: only about ton court sir was replied the youthful sailsman
	layer_8: only about tun cart sir was replied the youthful salesman
	layer_10: only about ten quart sir was replied the youthful sailesman
	layer_12: only about ten quart sir was replied the youthful sailesman

file: 6455-66379-0015.flac
expected: the captain here told thompson to take six cords which would last till daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_2: theyfe app in heritl tomsend takes sixcords which woa last o theylight in againtern id thetentien to te game
	layer_4: the appin hearital tompsindo thake sixcords which wel last o lylight in a gain ternd oed thettention to the game
	layer_6: the cappin hereital tompsind ta thake sixcords which wel last ti laylight and again turned of tattention to the game
	layer_8: the happen here atold thomson to chakes six cords which wel last to laylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_10: the happen here told thompson to cake six cords which would last tin daylight and again turned his attention to the game
	layer_12: the happend here  told thomson to chake six cords which would last tin daylight and again turned his attention to the game

file: 6455-66379-0016.flac
expected: the pilots here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_2: tupalitseri change lases when did theyslepe
	layer_4: tha palits he er change laces hone did they sleep
	layer_6: the palots hoe ar change places hone did they sleep
	layer_8: the palates he are changed places whene did they sleep
	layer_10: the palates here changed places when did they sleep
	layer_12: the palates here changed places when did they sleep

file: 6455-66379-0017.flac
expected: wood taken in the caravan again took her place in the middle of the stream paddling on as usual day at length dawned
	layer_2: wit a coan en tecear f n agan to er place in the miteraovf the shrem powdling on as usal ga aut lan don
	layer_4: with a can en the care of an agan too ger place in the mideral of the shream powdling on as usual gayutlyng dan
	layer_6: wiha can in the care ofan again took her place in the midderal of the shream powdling on has usual day at lengthdan
	layer_8: wudtakean in the care ofan again took her place in the middle of the shream powdling on as usual day at length dan
	layer_10: woud tak an in the careovan again took her place in the middle of the stream pawdling on as usual day at length dawne
	layer_12: woud tak an in the careovan again took her place in the middle of the stream powdling on as usual day at length dawn

file: 6455-66379-0018.flac
expected: i had risen and went out with the captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_2: id risen on we out with a capten to anjoa of vyearo the blps
	layer_4: i had rison hon went aut with a capen to enjoy of yeu of the bluvs
	layer_6: i had risened in went out with a captin to enjoy of you of the bluffs
	layer_8: i had risen and went out with a captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_10: i had risen and went out with ta captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs
	layer_12: i had risen and went out with ta captain to enjoy a view of the bluffs

file: 6455-66379-0019.flac
expected: there it is exclaimed the captain stop her
	layer_2: tlhered as exclin the chappan stoper
	layer_4: tlhert ays exclin the captain stoper
	layer_6: leer days exclim the captain stopper
	layer_8: lards exclaime the captain stopper
	layer_10: lards exclaimed the captain stopper
	layer_12: lerdis exclaimed the captain stopper

file: 1686-142278-0000.flac
expected: he was gone
	layer_2: he was gon
	layer_4: he was gon
	layer_6: he was gone
	layer_8: he was gone
	layer_10: he was gone
	layer_12: he was gone

file: 1686-142278-0001.flac
expected: no more deep blue skies or crimson and amber tints
	layer_2: no wo dep uskiese uf chims an n an tetins
	layer_4: no wor deep lou skys of himsn nan bhe tinc
	layer_6: no more deep lou skuis of hims in nambertins
	layer_8: no more deep lue skies of himsan nambatins
	layer_10: no more deep blue skies of rimsan and ambetins
	layer_12: no more deep blue skies of rimsan and ambetins

file: 1686-142278-0002.flac
expected: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her thinking over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_2: she sad by aself at the fire withoun mlighte o candeled on the tabalel behind her an gi l oserh the day the hap po work happy scatching jhafle pleasen dinno and the un comftofle miserble wolking the gadenm
	layer_4: she sad by aself at the fire with unlight ad candle on the table behind her ad giloverh the day the happi walk happy scetching cjarful pleasan dinner and the uncomfotavl miserable walkin the garden
	layer_6: she sad by herself at the fire with unlighted candleds on the table behind her and gi overh the day the happy walk happy sketching chaereful pleasan dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_8: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her andgin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_10: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden
	layer_12: she sat by herself at the fire with unlighted candles on the table behind her and gin over the day the happy walk happy sketching cheerful pleasant dinner and the uncomfortable miserable walk in the garden

file: 1686-142278-0003.flac
expected: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest holiest proposal of his life could speak as if briefs success and all its superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the sole avowed objects of his desires oh dear
	layer_2: har was shed dosterbein thnd happy he cos a rinsting herd mae anythin biuc hto e fseof him possibal while he not many minis afto hhadmedt withe rejection a what bardmo bem the depst holese wel pose alof his life cuspeeg as ife its pres succaiss and ol ha supleficial cons aquences of ea good haues plevern a greable tociety whire ha sol ovod objecs o yovesesyies oll der
	layer_4: her was she dosturbed in than happy hecaese a rinsting her mave anything buchtao refuse of in possible while he not many minus af ter he had medt withtha regection o what ordr f ben the deepest hollieus wrepos alovf his life cuspeku as if its bries success and allesupeficial comsequences of a good houes lever in a grable tociety wirh a sol ofboud objects of ust es yges o der
	layer_6: here was she disturbed in than happy because ha rinstincg had made anything but a refus olf impossible while he not many minue after he had met with a rejection on what ordeorhave ben the deepest hollyest ropose al of his life couspek as if its briese success an all his superficial consequences of a good house clever ind agreeble tociety wirth a soul oboud objects of myueiseyrs oh dear
	layer_8: here was she disturbed and tan happy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with h rejection onf what order have been the deepest wholliest proposal of his life couspik as if its briefs success and all his superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society wirh a sol a boed objects of ousesires oh dear
	layer_10: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with ha rejection of what order have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life couspeque as if its briefs success and all thes superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society were the soul o vad objects of hiuth desires oh dear
	layer_12: here was she disturbed and unhappy because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible while he not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what order have been the deepest holliest proposal of his life coud spique as if its briefs success an all hes superficial consequences of a good house clever and agreeable society werh ta soul af vad objects of yiuth desires oh dear

file: 1686-142278-0004.flac
expected: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thoughts was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_2: a mo the came in to the rom befor dis worl of those wath a jensted intoany ting lik order
	layer_4: i mo ther came into the room before dhis worl of thoused wath a justed into anyathing like order
	layer_6: omother came into the room before this wirl of thoust with a justed into anything like order
	layer_8: her mother came into the room before this wirl of thoughst was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_10: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thought was adjusted into anything like order
	layer_12: her mother came into the room before this whirl of thought was adjusted into anything like order

file: 1686-142278-0005.flac
expected: mister hale sipped his tea in abstracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_2: misto haol sipd his hy in notdrect it cilencs morgeret headthe risponces oln to hiself
	layer_4: misster hale sipt his toheenottractit silence marvaret heathe responces olto hiself
	layer_6: mister hale sipped his te now stracted silence margaret ha the responces al to herself
	layer_8: mister hale sipped his tea and nowittracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_10: mister hale sipped his tea and obtracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself
	layer_12: mister hale sipped his tea and obttracted silence margaret had the responses all to herself

file: 1686-142278-0006.flac
expected: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_2: she for got that he had not ma th an ma offor
	layer_4: she for got that he had not made the hen offer
	layer_6: she forgot that he had not made them than offer
	layer_8: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_10: she forgot that he had not made them an offer
	layer_12: she forgot that he had not made them an offer

file: 1686-142278-0007.flac
expected: margaret was preparing her mother's worsted work and rather shrinking from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time were come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_2: margart was wre paring hem mot hars wrst etd work ande all the strin kaink fromn oe thought of bhe lo e ming and whishen bet ti were co thet she my go  or the ivints ofb the da agan
	layer_4: margaret was wereparying hem mother's worst ivt work and ral the shrinkie from ot thought of the long evdeming and wishing bed time were come that she my go o for the ivence of the day again
	layer_6: margaret was reparing her mother's worst ed work and rall the shrinkimg from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime were come that she might go over the evens of the day again
	layer_8: margaret was repairing her mother's worstid work and rall the shrin came from the thought of the long evening and wishing bedtime wule come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_10: margaret was prepairing her mother's worsted work and raltther shrinkkimge from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time weuld come that she might go over the events of the day again
	layer_12: margaret was prepairing her mother's worsted work and ralther shrinkime from the thought of the long evening and wishing bed time would come that she might go over the events of the day again

file: 1686-142278-0008.flac
expected: margaret
	layer_2: lagrs
	layer_4: lapers
	layer_6: lawgers
	layer_8: lages
	layer_10: loges
	layer_12: lages

file: 1686-142278-0009.flac
expected: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_2: oon spea y vout som than ve y seeris toaso
	layer_4: i oneto speak to you thatsom thin very see rus to ha so
	layer_6: i want to speak to you atat something very seioeus to a sa
	layer_8: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us al
	layer_10: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all
	layer_12: i want to speak to you about something very serious to us all

file: 1686-142278-0010.flac
expected: very serious to us all
	layer_2: therery searis to hsol
	layer_4: vhery seras to a sol
	layer_6: very searis to assol
	layer_8: very serous to as saul
	layer_10: very serious to a saul
	layer_12: very cerious to a saul

file: 1686-142278-0011.flac
expected: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any private conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_2: mistoelenecsand never ha the o becounlity of han e any pois comhe sation with a fa ther of to ho refsol or el s thad woud indeve be ae very see ris af faird
	layer_4: mister lenec a never had the o precunlity of heming anypivs conesation with a father ofter her revusal or als thad wout indeed be af very se iessaffair
	layer_6: mister lenox and never had the opprcunity of haming any poi s conisation with ha father after her refusal or alsthat would indeed be a very serius affair
	layer_8: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poi comversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_10: mister lennox had never had the opporcunity of having any poit conversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair
	layer_12: mister lennox had never had the opportunity of having any poit comversation with her father after her refusal or else that would indeed be a very serious affair

file: 1686-142278-0012.flac
expected: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_2: but she soon felt it was not of bout anything whichaving only latele hand suvnaly agourd could have given riced to anhe compigated thous that a fa ther wishd u speapke to her
	layer_4: but she soon felt it was not a out anything which having only lately and sudenl a gurd could have given rice tw any compicated thoughtse that a fathe wishe a speak to her
	layer_6: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly acgurd could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that a father wishe to speak to her
	layer_8: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_10: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her
	layer_12: but she soon felt it was not about anything which having only lately and suddenly occurred could have given rise to any complicated thoughts that her father wished to speak to her

file: 1686-142278-0013.flac
expected: mister hale did not answer for a minute or two
	layer_2: miste haleded not ans of frm mia doter
	layer_4: mister halded not aounswor fr  mina doto
	layer_6: mister hal did not answer for mina dote
	layer_8: mister hale did not answer for a mina daghter
	layer_10: mister hale did not answer for a minadotter
	layer_12: mister hale did not answer for a minetdotter

file: 1686-142278-0014.flac
expected: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_2: malrgrt could not ba the siht of the sin spins wich wse vwen moredestressing to her fathart t andto herself
	layer_4: margaret could not bay thei sight of the sinspens which was even more destressing to here vathert thento herself
	layer_6: margaret could not beay the sight of the sinspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_8: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_10: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself
	layer_12: margaret could not bear the sight of the suspense which was even more distressing to her father than to herself

file: 1686-142278-0015.flac
expected: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_2: but wi dapafa din tolme
	layer_4: but wy dipfa do te me
	layer_6: but why diep ofou don't tell me
	layer_8: but why de papa do tell me
	layer_10: but why dear papa do tell me
	layer_12: but why dear papa do tell me

file: 1686-142278-0016.flac
expected: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_2: becase ie must no long of bei minister in the church af ng end
	layer_4: because i must no long of ben minister in the church of engand
	layer_6: because i must no long of be a minister in the church of england
	layer_8: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_10: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england
	layer_12: because i must no longer be a minister in the church of england

file: 1686-142278-0017.flac
expected: but nothing to the shock she received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_2: thet nothing to the shoctu reseeapprong his to heis la spege what could hu meme
	layer_4: that nothing to the shroctu receedp rom mis to hails laspech what could hou mean
	layer_6: ut nothing to the shropture receive from mister hals laspeech what could he mean
	layer_8: but nothing to the shropshre received from mister halle's last speech what could he mean
	layer_10: but nothing to the shrok shre received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean
	layer_12: but nothing to the shrokshure received from mister hale's last speech what could he mean

file: 1686-142278-0018.flac
expected: it was all the worse for being so mysterious
	layer_2: it was an he woers for bingsof ristarieus
	layer_4: it was ode weors for bing so resterious
	layer_6: it was od eworse for being so risterious
	layer_8: it was ol te worse for being so ryisterious
	layer_10: it was all te worse for being so mystirious
	layer_12: it was all the worse for being so mystirious

file: 1686-142278-0019.flac
expected: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_2: whyt king you no long of be aclatiomen
	layer_4: wha cin you know long e be acclegu man
	layer_6: why can you kno longer be a clergyman
	layer_8: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_10: why can you no longer be a clergyman
	layer_12: why can you no longer be a clergyman

file: 1686-142278-0020.flac
expected: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard unjust
	layer_2: shonly i the beshe wutol allwing mo  but fary and the hard an just
	layer_4: surly if the bishe whutld allwhi no about faderyt and the hard and just
	layer_6: surely if the bishe wourd old all we know about fredery and the hard and just
	layer_8: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederik and the hard en just
	layer_10: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard en just
	layer_12: surely if the bishop were told all we know about frederick and the hard en just

file: 1686-142278-0021.flac
expected: margaret i will tell you about it
	layer_2: lokgrts i will tell yourbothes
	layer_4: lokaret i will tell you bouches
	layer_6: lagarets i will tell your abouches
	layer_8: locrets i will tell you abouches
	layer_10: lagrets i will tell you bouches
	layer_12: lorgrets i will tell you bouches

file: 1686-142278-0022.flac
expected: i will answer any questions this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_2: o re lanco any questres this once thut ofter to nik letes nerber spek of it again
	layer_4: o re lanswer any questors this once bhut after to night let us nearber speak of it again
	layer_6: a relanewar any questiurs this once but after to night let us nember speak of it again
	layer_8: i rillancewer any questiones this once but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_10: i will ancwer any questions this ants but after to night let us never speak of it again
	layer_12: i will ancwer any questions this ants but after to night let us never speak of it again

file: 1686-142278-0023.flac
expected: i can meet the consequences of my painful miserable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering
	layer_2: i cand led the concti quences of myt painfurnisuabled dhout but it is an eugfort beyon me to speak al what has cas my so wrlth suffring
	layer_4: i can need the consiquences of my painful nmisrable dout but it is anefford beyon we to speaka what has cauls me so meun sufring
	layer_6: i can need the consequences of my painful miasurable doubt but it is an effort beyond me to speako what has caulsed me so ment suffering
	layer_8: i can need the consequences of my painful miasurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has callsed me so mih suffering
	layer_10: i can need the consequences of my painful miasurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caulsed me so much suffering
	layer_12: i can need the consequences of my painful miasurable doubts but it is an effort beyond me to speak of what has caused me so much suffering

file: 1686-142278-0024.flac
expected: no not doubts as to religion not the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_2: no not doutses to relagion mo the sli tes indr to that he pasd
	layer_4: no not doubtsas to relagion nowe the slightis indry to that he paused
	layer_6: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injry to that he paused
	layer_8: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_10: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused
	layer_12: no not doubts as to religion nor the slightest injury to that he paused

file: 1686-142278-0025.flac
expected: margaret sighed as if standing on the verge of some new horror
	layer_2: wargratsight as af standing on the worge of someen yu hor
	layer_4: wargaret side as if standing on the worge of somen ya horoa
	layer_6: wmargaret sid as if standing on the worge of some nehorro
	layer_8: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some nehorror
	layer_10: margaret sighed as if standing on the words of some newhoro
	layer_12: margaret sighed as if standing on the word of some new horo

file: 1686-142278-0026.flac
expected: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_2: manet howin lov the whl y joed frorm wiethmed to be shutout
	layer_4: marged how an nlove the wholde hog from whicthme to be shut out
	layer_6: margaret how i love the hold y churge from which im to be shut out
	layer_8: margaret how i love the holdy churcge from which i am to be shut out
	layer_10: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out
	layer_12: margaret how i love the holy church from which i am to be shut out

file: 1686-142278-0027.flac
expected: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_2: he could not goon for a lmonmen jato
	layer_4: he could not go on for a moman jato
	layer_6: he could not go on for a momen joto
	layer_8: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_10: he could not go on for a moment or two
	layer_12: he could not go on for a moment or two

file: 1686-142278-0028.flac
expected: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to turn mahometan
	layer_2: wargerd could nottil what to say a seemed to her es tar  beu musterious as i f o fall ther wore about d n m him aten
	layer_4: margaret could not tel what to say a seemd to her as tero beu misterious as if far falther were about to hn mar him ateanh
	layer_6: margart could not tell what to say i seemed to her as terrowblu mysterious as if for father were about to to m mahematen
	layer_8: margaret could not tell what to say i seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to m mahemetin
	layer_10: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to n mahemetin
	layer_12: margaret could not tell what to say it seemed to her as terribly mysterious as if her father were about to om mahemetin

file: 1686-142278-0029.flac
expected: the one staid foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and rocking
	layer_2: the one stat foundation of her hom of er i de of ho beloveid father tsem wreling a wooking
	layer_4: the on state foundation of her hom of her idea of ha bloveed father seimrealing hi wolcking
	layer_6: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of e beloved father seeme reeling and wocking
	layer_8: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seeme realing and wocking
	layer_10: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and wolking
	layer_12: the one state foundation of her home of her idea of her beloved father seemed reeling and wocking

file: 1686-142278-0030.flac
expected: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the course in which he was now embarked
	layer_2: he swarlhoer downd the dri ch r kingso which had been heving upfron his heart it the tr and goin t his ber cace hia tookedown ofvolln whic he haed of fim ben eading laky id from which he thought he ad do rie sprinth to ainter apon the cous in whiche was now imn bo
	layer_4: he swallow down the drigh chuking soves which had been heaving u from his heart hithetu and goine to his ber case he took down avolun whiche had offtrem been weding latly n from which he thought he had derie strinth to enter oporn the couse in which he was now in bo
	layer_6: he swallowed down the dry choking sovs which had been heaving up from his heart i thertol and going to his borokcase he took down a volun which he had oftleen ben weeding lately in from which he thought he had derive strenth to enter upon the couse in which he was now in bog
	layer_8: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cuse in which he was now inbongd
	layer_10: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now emborbed
	layer_12: he swallowed down the dry choking sobs which had been heaving up from his heart hitherto and going to his bookcase he took down a volume which he had often been reading lately and from which he thought he had derived strength to enter upon the cause in which he was now embored

file: 1686-142278-0031.flac
expected: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist
	layer_2: lniten dymagrt said he fut ing on amr oun har wast
	layer_4: lisen' de margaret said he bothing one ameroun her waiste
	layer_6: listende margaret said he puting one arm around her waste
	layer_8: listen dea margaret said he puting one arm around her waist
	layer_10: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm around her waist
	layer_12: listen dear margaret said he putting one arm round her waist

file: 1686-142278-0032.flac
expected: when god will not use thee in one kind yet he will in another
	layer_2: when god bloe not use dem one kind yet he will an another
	layer_4: when god will not use den one kind yet he will an another
	layer_6: when god will not use dene onekind yet he will in another
	layer_8: when god will not use dean one kind yet he will in another
	layer_10: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another
	layer_12: when god will not use den one kind yet he will in another

file: 1686-142278-0033.flac
expected: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship falsifying thy vows thou pretendest a necessity for it in order to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_2: if wen thoug ar chai e with rupting galdswiship folsoffoind thywous theur pretendest and thi cessisty or it nder to a continuns ain the ministrey
	layer_4: if when though ar charged with corupting gal's worship forsofing hywels thoug pretendest and te cessesty or it on n de to a continuanc in the ministry
	layer_6: if when though are charged with corrupting gold's worship forsufyngd thy rols thouh pretendesd and necessasty or it own ode to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_8: if when thou are charged with corrupting gold's worship folsifying thy waths though pretendest ad necessisty or it own n oda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_10: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship forlsifying thy woths though pretendest a necessity or it own oda to a continuance in the ministry
	layer_12: if when thou art charged with corrupting god's worship forsifying thy wowths though pretendest a necessity or it own oda to a continuance in the ministry

file: 1686-142278-0034.flac
expected: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courage sank down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_2: as he ret this an glante antd michmr which he did not wed whe gane res a ution for himself and feltas if e to couole be brae and thoum in ding aght he bleved to e iht at as he seesed he head magerts lo convuls ossob and his corrid saned down undtr the kend sinse of sufing
	layer_4: as he read this end glancsant much more which he did not wread he gain resution for himself and felt as if he too could be brabe and fhm in doine what he believed to be wit at as he seased he head margaets low convalses solb and his curried sang down under the ken sinse of suffringd
	layer_6: as he read this in glance at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be whighte but as he ceased he heard margarets low convulses sob and his courried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_8: as he read this and glanced at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courried sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_10: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not read he gaine resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courrage sang down under the keen sense of suffering
	layer_12: as he read this and glance at much more which he did not read he gained resolution for himself and felt as if he too could be brave and firm in doing what he believed to be right but as he ceased he heard margaret's low convulsive sob and his courrage sang down under the keen sense of suffering

file: 1686-142278-0035.flac
expected: i have borne long with self reproach that would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_2: i have bone long with slffrpolc ther old hav rouse anyng my less twal pbet and cowde behe lmine
	layer_4: i have bon long withsuf rpuge there would have rouse anyg min less tbet and cowdly behen mine
	layer_6: i have bone long with sulf repoch there would have rouse any mindless tapbi and cowdly bhan mine
	layer_8: i have bone long with self repoach there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_10: i have bone long with self reproach there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine
	layer_12: i have bone long with self reproach there would have roused any mind less torpid and cowardly than mine

file: 1686-142278-0036.flac
expected: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_2: he shook is hedes you wentonm
	layer_4: he shook his head is you wendom
	layer_6: he shook his head as yoeu went on
	layer_8: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_10: he shook his head as he went on
	layer_12: he shook his head as he went on

file: 1686-142278-0037.flac
expected: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_2: margrrts i trid to do it i trid to contend myself watsh sim fle refwusing vi distlr prifient and sopin quitfly here strang gym myge contions now as i had strainedtod befor
	layer_4: margaret  tryed to do it i cryed to contend myself with symfly refusing the disoa prefrelment and sopp inquitly here strangyng my constion's now as i had strainded before
	layer_6: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself wish simply refusing the disiona prefriment and sopin quitely here stranglyng my conscience now as i had straind it before
	layer_8: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferement and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_10: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before
	layer_12: margaret i tried to do it i tried to content myself with simply refusing the additional preferment and stopping quietly here strangling my conscience now as i had strained it before

file: 1686-142278-0038.flac
expected: god forgive me
	layer_2: got sho cive rme
	layer_4: thogts ho give me
	layer_6: thoghts a give me
	layer_8: thots togive me
	layer_10: gods thatgives me
	layer_12: gods tatgive me

file: 1686-142278-0039.flac
expected: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation of which margaret was thankful to hear but few
	layer_2: heros ind wok up en downd th rm speakinig owords of sef le proce and he theiation a which marget was taneful to habu he f
	layer_4: he ros and wolk up and down the roim speakin lo words of seftly proch an hummeiation a which margaet was thankful to her but afew
	layer_6: heros and walked up and down the room speaking low words of sefrey proach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_8: herose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of sef reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_10: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few
	layer_12: he rose and walked up and down the room speaking low words of self reproach and humiliation o which margaret was thankful to her but a few

file: 1686-142278-0040.flac
expected: margaret i return to the old sad burden we must leave helstone
	layer_2: maget ae returin to thel said burdim we must leve helston
	layer_4: margaret a retone to the al said birden we must leave helston
	layer_6: margaret i returne to the alld said burden we must leave helston
	layer_8: margaret i returned to the old said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_10: margaret i returned to the old said burden we must leave helstone
	layer_12: margaret i returned to the old said burden we must leave helstone

file: 1686-142278-0041.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: tes
	layer_4: yes
	layer_6: yes
	layer_8: yes
	layer_10: yes
	layer_12: yes

file: 1686-142278-0042.flac
expected: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_2: i ha ritinto the bishu i day say ive tildyou sobut i forget thingstis now said mis ter hil chalating um to se deo presst maner as soomins he cane to toloc of hart maturof facdetild hin forming hime of myinetangien to resin thispecoriage
	layer_4: i hae rittento the bishurp i day say ihave tild you so but i forget things dus now said mister hal callaptaing into his de pressed manner a soonins he came to took of hard matrof fac deetald in forming him of my ntaengiond to resign hesfikorage
	layer_6: i have written to the bishop i day say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hal collapting into his depressed manner as soon ac he came to took of hard matr of fact detail informing him of my intention to resign th svicurage
	layer_8: i have written to the bishop i dar say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapting into his depressed manner as soon as he came to took of hard matter of fact detaile informing him of my intention to resign this vicaurage
	layer_10: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicarage
	layer_12: i have written to the bishop i dare say i have told you so but i forget things just now said mister hale collapsing into his depressed manner as soon as he came to talk of hard matter of fact details informing him of my intention to resign this vicaurage

file: 1686-142278-0043.flac
expected: they are but what i have tried upon myself without avail
	layer_2: they aur but what i have trit upon mysels ror thautonwai
	layer_4: they ouput what i have tried upon myself worh that wail
	layer_6: they ot but what i have tried upon myself withthout wal
	layer_8: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail
	layer_10: theye are but what i have tried upon myselfs without a wail
	layer_12: they are but what i have tried upon myself without a wail

file: 1686-142278-0044.flac
expected: that will be a trial but worse far worse will be the parting from my dear people
	layer_2: that we be acolile but wers favwors bholdwe depornting fo my de appeople
	layer_4: that wiuld be a clile but wers fawers wi with tecarting for my de appeople
	layer_6: that will be a cil but worse farworse welre with departing for my dea people
	layer_8: that will be a trial but worse farworse will be departing for my dear people
	layer_10: that will be a tial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people
	layer_12: that will be a cial but worse far worse will we departing from my dear people

file: 1686-142278-0045.flac
expected: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_2: heu will come t stay rid ust o moro
	layer_4: he will come to stay with us to moro
	layer_6: he will come to stay with us tomorrow
	layer_8: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_10: he will come to stay with us to morrow
	layer_12: he will come to stay with us to morrow

file: 1686-142278-0046.flac
expected: was it to be so sudden then
	layer_2: was i to beceeone sada men
	layer_4: was it to bes om sid a men
	layer_6: was it to be some sada men
	layer_8: was it to be some sad of men
	layer_10: was it to be some sad of men
	layer_12: was it to be some sad of men

file: 1686-142278-0047.flac
expected: what does mamma say
	layer_2: what is ma a say
	layer_4: what is mawal say
	layer_6: what is mowil say
	layer_8: what is mawa say
	layer_10: what dois marra say
	layer_12: what is marra say

file: 1686-142278-0048.flac
expected: margaret i am a poor coward after all i cannot bear to give pain
	layer_2: margret i am epul calwind oaut tr al i can ont bad to give paind
	layer_4: margret i am he pool callwid oufter al i can on bed to give pained
	layer_6: margret i am the pool callwad after all i cannot beyd to give paine
	layer_8: marlgaret i am ta poor caad after all i cannot bed to give pain
	layer_10: margaret i am th poor calward after all i cannot be to give pain
	layer_12: margaret i am the poor calward after all i cannot be to give pain

file: 1686-142278-0049.flac
expected: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_2: yes in the a she monst said logrd
	layer_4: yes intded she monst said logerd
	layer_6: yes indeed she must said logaeret
	layer_8: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_10: yes indeed she must said margaret
	layer_12: yes indeed she must said margaret

file: 1686-142278-0050.flac
expected: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_2: aps of frald she ma not  yies
	layer_4: e haps ofter alld she may not o yes
	layer_6: perhaps ofter all she may not o yes
	layer_8: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_10: perhaps after all she may not oh yes
	layer_12: perhaps after all she may not oh yes

file: 1686-142278-0051.flac
expected: she will she must be shocked' as the force of the blow returned upon herself in trying to realise how another would take it
	layer_2: she wail she must be shot as a foseof the blo ryturned upon herself and traingd to rea leies how u novbher wour dakets
	layer_4: she welle she must be shoed as a force olf the blow returned upon herself an crying to rear lis how another woerld taket
	layer_6: she well she must be shopetd as te force of the blow returned upon herself in crying to rearlies how another would take it
	layer_8: she well she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself and crying to realize how another would take it
	layer_10: she well she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself ind trying to realize how another would take it
	layer_12: she well she must be shocked as the force of the blow returned upon herself ind trying to realize how another would take it

file: 1686-142278-0052.flac
expected: to milton northern he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her cling to him and for a moment strive to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of the pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_2: to mill to no them he ansed with he dolmindiffaenc for heet hos seeve that al theugh hi s toght ofs leuv hand mate her clan to him ad for a momens trie to soewt heim with halo beet the keness of the paime was as fresios ever ing hom mind
	layer_4: to mil to norther he answered with a dulnm indifference for he had porseive that lthough his daught os leve had made her claimd to him and for a momen stribe to suthin with helovd he at the keness of te pain was as freshos ever in her mind
	layer_6: to millto nor them he answered with a dum indifference for he had perceive that although his daughters love had made her clame to him and for a moment stribed to sooth him with her love ey et the keeness of depain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_8: to mill to northen he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to sooth him with her love yet the keeness of do pain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_10: to mil to northorn he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind
	layer_12: to mill to northen he answered with a dull indifference for he had perceived that although his daughter's love had made her claim to him and for a moment strived to soothe him with her love yet the keenness of dapain was as fresh as ever in her mind

file: 1686-142278-0053.flac
expected: milton northern
	layer_2: mil to e othe
	layer_4: milto hen other
	layer_6: milton an other
	layer_8: milt on an other
	layer_10: milt of a norther
	layer_12: milt on a northern

file: 1686-142278-0054.flac
expected: yes said he in the same despondent indifferent way
	layer_2: yes said he e saindis ponten indifronway
	layer_4: yes said he nt he samed esfonden hin diffren way
	layer_6: yes said he and the same dispondon in different way
	layer_8: yes said he in the same desponden in different way
	layer_10: yes said he in the same despondent in different way
	layer_12: yes said he in the same despondent in different way

file: 1686-142278-0055.flac
expected: but he with his quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_2: tat he worth this qrake inte witof simfthyg reaten herface as in e mera the reflections of his own modedepresion and turneded of fori hen effet
	layer_4: thut he with this qrik incuitive simpthe read in her face as in amera the reflections of his own modidepression and turned ed off oirtht inefirt
	layer_6: but he with this cuick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in amirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with than effort
	layer_8: but he with this quick intuative sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_10: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort
	layer_12: but he with this quick intuitive sympathy read in her face as in a mirror the reflections of his own moody depression and turned it off with an effort

file: 1686-142278-0056.flac
expected: you shall be told all margaret
	layer_2: ye shall be till to mabet
	layer_4: you shall be told do marvrt
	layer_6: you shall be told ou marbert
	layer_8: yo shall be tld o marbaret
	layer_10: you shall be told toh margaret
	layer_12: you shall be told oh margaret

file: 1686-142278-0057.flac
expected: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_2: onlye helt me to till you mather
	layer_4: only help me to tell you mother
	layer_6: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_8: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_10: only help me to tell your mother
	layer_12: only help me to tell your mother

file: 1686-142278-0058.flac
expected: i am going out for the day to bid farmer dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_2: i am ging af for the day to beit fa the dobson in the po peple o bacy comman oud by
	layer_4: i am ging oh for the day to bit fathe dobson ind the pu peopl on bracy comman god by
	layer_6: i am going upt for the day to bit farthe dobson in the poorl people onbrasy common good by
	layer_8: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on brazy common good bye
	layer_10: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye
	layer_12: i am going out for the day to bit father dobson and the poor people on bracy common good bye

file: 1686-142278-0059.flac
expected: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_2: would yoi dislike bra et to her veryn luch wagert
	layer_4: would you dislike braki it to her bery luch wogart
	layer_6: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_8: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_10: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret
	layer_12: would you dislike breaking it to her very much margaret

file: 1686-142278-0060.flac
expected: margaret did dislike it did shrink from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_2: marge dod das likeet didc thring from ret mor hemd pron any thingheued eveer had to doin heo life befuor
	layer_4: margare did tis like it didtring from at more than from anything turd ever had to doin her life before
	layer_6: margare did is like it dittering from it more than from anything she hiad ever had to doing hem life before
	layer_8: margaret did dislike it diching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_10: margaret did dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before
	layer_12: margaret did dislike it ditching from it more than from anything she had ever had to do in her life before

file: 1686-142278-0061.flac
expected: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_2: mister hel shrook his had the sponin y ho presster hand nd tocen of wrattitued
	layer_4: mister hel shrock his head the spondingty he pressther hand in token of grattitud
	layer_6: mister hel shook his head de spandingly hepressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_8: mister hel shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_10: mister hale shook his head respondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude
	layer_12: mister hale shook his head despondingly he pressed her hand in token of gratitude

file: 1686-142278-0062.flac
expected: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of crying
	layer_2: margetd pas neelyup sitogain ingto birst ovf cin
	layer_4: margaret pas nely up seit again into burst of pin
	layer_6: margaret was naly up set again intoa burst of prine
	layer_8: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of cyne
	layer_10: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pryine
	layer_12: margaret was nearly upset again into a burst of pryine

file: 1686-142278-0063.flac
expected: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what our plans are
	layer_2: tod dan hr thoulds she said nowt tell me te pa what up nonshe
	layer_4: to dorn her thouglts she said now tell me te pa what up nonsar
	layer_6: to tern her thoughts she said now tell me popa what up manzar
	layer_8: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up manza
	layer_10: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up n anzah
	layer_12: to turn her thoughts she said now tell me papa what up n anzarh

file: 1686-142278-0064.flac
expected: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you aunt shaw has i know
	layer_2: oad ma m have same monei in dependen of te incom fom the lifing have not ou on tha has i kdo
	layer_4: you had marma have some money indeupendan of the incom fom the lifing have not you on thraw has i know
	layer_6: you ad mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you ontro has i know
	layer_8: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you ontro has i know
	layer_10: you and mamma have some money independent of the income from the living have not you antra has i know
	layer_12: you and mamma have some money independent of the income fom the living have not you oncra has i know

file: 1686-142278-0065.flac
expected: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_2: somentoe hofe tat his al ways con to frigric sin te has ween ha brod
	layer_4: sevente of that his al wasconen to frederick sintie has been e broad
	layer_6: seventy of that has always gone to frederic sinti has bween abroad
	layer_8: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_10: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad
	layer_12: seventy of that has always gone to frederick since he has been abroad

file: 1686-142278-0066.flac
expected: he must have some pay for serving with the spanish army
	layer_2: must have some pafoa serving wilh e span shaing
	layer_4: must have somea payfo serving with dhespansharming
	layer_6: must have some pay for serving with de spansharmyg
	layer_8: yoe must have some pay for serving with the spansh armyn
	layer_10: yo must have some pay for serving with the spanish armine
	layer_12: you must have some pay for serving with the spanish armie

file: 1686-142278-0067.flac
expected: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his own a hundred is left
	layer_2: fe drick must not serfer faind lagbat to sidale in a forn cun tr so in justtli tree tod by s n randorsis left
	layer_4: fredric must not surfer sa margbert decidely in a forn cuntry so in justly treeated by hizan ahurnders is left
	layer_6: frederic must not suffar said marbrt decidenly in a foreign country so injustly treated by his oarn o hunders is left
	layer_8: frederick must not suffer said margart decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aum a hunders is left
	layer_10: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aunt a hundreds is left
	layer_12: frederick must not suffer said margaret decidedly in a foreign country so unjustly treated by his aunt a hundreds is left

file: 1686-142278-0068.flac
expected: no
	layer_2: now
	layer_4: no
	layer_6: no
	layer_8: no
	layer_10: no
	layer_12: no

file: 1686-142278-0069.flac
expected: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_2: sain miste il that would not ansir i must duw some taink
	layer_4: said mistaale that would not answer i must do somethink
	layer_6: said mistr hale that would not answer i must do some thing
	layer_8: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_10: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something
	layer_12: said mister hale that would not answer i must do something

file: 1686-142278-0070.flac
expected: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arranged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_2: i can oll was de sy bet t po myself and not infhlace by those won my love said he as ar half o pollidy for having erain so miget brefo yea told any one of his pondy of his emntantions
	layer_4: i coanal was decid bet ofo myself ad not iflunce by those whom my love said he has a half o poligy for having arain so muight brefore ye told any one of his famthy of his emtentions
	layer_6: i can always decide bettcifo myself and not influnced by those whom my love said he as a half poligy for having arrain so mught before yea told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_8: i can always decide better fy myself and not influence by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraigned so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_10: i can always decide better fy myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraiged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions
	layer_12: i can always decide better by myself and not influenced by those whom i love said he as a half apology for having arraiged so much before he had told any one of his family of his intentions

file: 1686-142278-0071.flac
expected: i cannot stand objections
	layer_2: i can otts tame ofbjections
	layer_4: i can nolt s them ob jections
	layer_6: i can eltstam objections
	layer_8: i can utstem objections
	layer_10: i cannostem objections
	layer_12: i cannotstem objections

file: 1686-142278-0072.flac
expected: they make me so undecided
	layer_2: e mak e sown to sid ivd
	layer_4: i make me so an descided
	layer_6: i make me so un decidid
	layer_8: i make me so und decided
	layer_10: i make me so undecided
	layer_12: i make me so undecided

file: 1686-142278-0073.flac
expected: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of doubt became more than i could bear without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_2: mis to hal comtind a few mon sa g when my mis you of dapt beu cang moe that li could bay oithout s beeking i ro to ist the bell youw membomis tod bell mogert
	layer_4: miste haled continued a few mons ago when my misru ofe dap becang more than i could bay without speaking i rope to missto bell yourmembemisto bell morgerdt
	layer_6: mister hale continued a few months ago when my miserie of dap became more than i could bey without speaking i rope to misster bell you remember mister bell margaeret
	layer_8: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dapt became more than i could bay without speaking i wrope to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_10: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret
	layer_12: mister hale continued a few months ago when my misery of dat became more than i could bay without speaking i wrote to mister bell you remember mister bell margaret

file: 1686-142278-0074.flac
expected: no i never saw him i think
	layer_2: now i nevethe sowy him lifthing
	layer_4: no i never saw him li thing
	layer_6: no i never saw him i think
	layer_8: no i never saw him i think
	layer_10: no i never saw him i think
	layer_12: no i never saw him i think

file: 1686-142278-0075.flac
expected: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in value since milton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_2: and anyerat he hsefoperty ve which has wvery witcinpreasedt an velvin is ans nioltan has becom such a lageuman yu factring ton
	layer_4: and anyrate he has foperty ver  which has very mikan preased an velves incs milltin has becom such a lgman you factring town
	layer_6: and any rate he has poperty ther which has very mi an preased invalvueness ind smilton has become such a largemanufacturing town
	layer_8: at any rate he has property there which has very much inpreased in valviess in smilton has become such a large manufacturing town
	layer_10: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in valvuess in smilton has become such a larger manufacturing town
	layer_12: at any rate he has property there which has very much increased in valvues in smilton has become such a larger manufacturing town

file: 1686-142278-0076.flac
expected: i don't know that he gave me much strength
	layer_2: i do now that he gamy id srand
	layer_4: i don' know that he gam me mi streant
	layer_6: i don't know that he ga me miht sprenth
	layer_8: i don't know that he gave me my strength
	layer_10: i don't know that he gave me myt strength
	layer_12: i don't know that he gave me myt strength

file: 1686-142278-0077.flac
expected: a private tutor
	layer_2: a privi cutir
	layer_4: a privi chotar
	layer_6: a privaecuter
	layer_8: a private cuter
	layer_10: a private cutar
	layer_12: a private cutar

file: 1686-142278-0078.flac
expected: said margaret looking scornful what in the world do manufacturers want with the classics or literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_2: said margret tooking scoful wat in theworldin many factuas at with the casics olitricture or the a comelishos o rageintlmem
	layer_4: said margaret tooking sconful what in the wolded many factrs wat with a classics oflitriture or the acomeliths of a gentlmen
	layer_6: said margaret looking scornful what in the worldin manufactures want with the classics of literiature or the accomlishments of a gentlemen
	layer_8: said margaret looking scornful what in the world id manufactures want with the classics of literature or the accompplishments of a gentleman
	layer_10: said margaret looking scornful what in the world id manufactures want with ta classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman
	layer_12: said margaret looking scornful what in the world id manufactures want with ta classics of literature or the accomplishments of a gentleman

file: 1686-142278-0079.flac
expected: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows conscious of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at oxford is
	layer_2: oh said her father some of the lay seened to be find felloes contence of therown difficionces which is mordthan mane moanat oxsad is
	layer_4: oh said her father some of the raly seemd to be find fellows contance of the ron deficiencies which is more than many man at boxlhad is
	layer_6: oh said her father some of the ray seeme to be fined fellows contence of their own deficiencies which is more than many man at boxslatis
	layer_8: oh said her father some of them rally seem to be fine fellows contencs of their own deficiencies which is more than mannya man at boxlet is
	layer_10: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows concients of their own deficiencies which is more than many a man at boxlard is
	layer_12: oh said her father some of them really seem to be fine fellows concients of their own deficiencies which is more than manya man at boxlard is

file: 1686-142278-0080.flac
expected: some want their children to be better instructed than they themselves have been
	layer_2: som wone thi churedren to be pat in stroctevd teen tay behenseld havr been
	layer_4: so on the churlrent to be pet in structeve bhan tybe emselve her been
	layer_6: some wont the chilren to be bet instructivd than they themselve have been
	layer_8: some wane ther children to be bettr instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_10: some want their children to be better instructive than they themselves have been
	layer_12: some want their children to be better instructive than they themselves have been

file: 1686-142278-0081.flac
expected: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and scenes so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_2: and in milton waret i shall findto busiy lifeif no thai happy one and pepl and sein so difvfrent that i shal never be rin mi d of helston
	layer_4: and in miltan warret i shall fing tao busy life if not a happy one and people and seen so different that i shall never be re mied of helston
	layer_6: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and seei so different that i shall never be reminded of helston
	layer_8: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and see so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_10: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and see so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone
	layer_12: and in milton margaret i shall find a busy life if not a happy one and people and see so different that i shall never be reminded of helstone

file: 1686-142278-0082.flac
expected: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufacturers the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_2: dhiscodent as it as with all misst a dethasdation for altiad eveerheard of the noarl f r vengland the mangi factes the keopl the wil d and blet contry there was is won ri comindation cid would be diffrom from helston and couldnevery  mind themof that beielovid place
	layer_4: thiscordent as it was with allmist a deetestation for aci had everheard of the nor tfo england the manufactures the people the wiledand blete country ther was this wone recomendation it would be differem from helston and couldnevery mind themof that beloved place
	layer_6: thi scordan as it was with almost a detestation for athe had ever heard of the norfh of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleeke country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could neverymind them of that beloved place
	layer_8: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for al she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and blete country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helston and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_10: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place
	layer_12: discordant as it was with almost a detestation for all she had ever heard of the north of england the manufactures the people the wild and bleak country there was this one recommendation it would be different from helstone and could never remind them of that beloved place

file: 1686-142278-0083.flac
expected: when do we go
	layer_2: whain do e go
	layer_4: when do e go
	layer_6: when do e go
	layer_8: when do we go
	layer_10: when do we go
	layer_12: when do we go

file: 1686-142278-0084.flac
expected: i do not know exactly
	layer_2: i do not know exati
	layer_4: i do not know exactee
	layer_6: i do not know exact e
	layer_8: i do not know exact ly
	layer_10: i do not know exactly
	layer_12: i do not know exactly

file: 1686-142278-0085.flac
expected: i wanted to talk it over with you
	layer_2: i wonise tak eld of thr with dye
	layer_4: i wane is i tolk it over with you
	layer_6: i wane is e tak it over with you
	layer_8: i want is to tak it over with you
	layer_10: i want hi to talk it over with you
	layer_12: i want hi to talk it over with you

file: 1686-142278-0086.flac
expected: you see your mother knows nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent in i shall have no right to remain
	layer_2: he see or mother knowvs nothing about itsged but i fing in a fourt nigt alf to mydyed o vresicnation is sintim i shal hav to wiek to eng tain
	layer_4: he see your mother knowves nothing about its gyet but i fin in a fourt night af te my deed a resicnation is cent im i shall have nm wige to ing aine
	layer_6: ye see your mother knoves nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have now right to ing mane
	layer_8: yo see your mother knowves nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent him i shall have no right to inlain
	layer_10: you see your mother knowes nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to winmain
	layer_12: you see your mother knowes nothing about it yet but i think in a fortnight after my deed of resignation is sent im i shall have no right to wingmain

file: 1686-142278-0087.flac
expected: margaret was almost stunned
	layer_2: omar get wes ola stond
	layer_4: marget was alestuand
	layer_6: margarert was alestand
	layer_8: margaret was all ostand
	layer_10: margaret was all a stand
	layer_12: margaret was all a stand

file: 1686-142278-0088.flac
expected: but she recovered herself immediately
	layer_2: but she recomeved hisself wrowmedef ne
	layer_4: but she recovered hirself fremmuetnly
	layer_6: but she recovered herself remetively
	layer_8: but she recovered herself remedavely
	layer_10: but she recovered herself immetiately
	layer_12: but she recovered herself immetiately

file: 1686-142278-0089.flac
expected: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_2: yest bupart it hard bet o be fik sonin hi sidadly as he say
	layer_4: yes pupat it hard bedta be fix soon and desidedly as he say
	layer_6: yes papa it had betdterby fixd soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_8: yes papa it had better be fixedsoon and decidedly as you say
	layer_10: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say
	layer_12: yes papa it had better be fixed soon and decidedly as you say

file: 1686-142278-0090.flac
expected: poor poor maria
	layer_2: o tformar ea
	layer_4: fo forman wea
	layer_6: fl forman we a
	layer_8: pool poor mane we a
	layer_10: po poor manwe r
	layer_12: fo poor man we ere

file: 1686-142278-0091.flac
expected: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_2: oh h i fi wen not marad be fi wo but my selfor the wold how esit would be
	layer_4: oh if fy weld not marriad efi wr but myself o the world how easite would be
	layer_6: oh if i were not marrired if i were but myself in the world how eas yit would be
	layer_8: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_10: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be
	layer_12: oh if i were not married if i were but myself in the world how easy it would be

file: 1686-142278-0092.flac
expected: no said margaret sadly i will do it
	layer_2: no said mlalert tag yy i wril do wit
	layer_4: no said mawvwat sayou i will do it
	layer_6: no said marvit sagdyy i will do it
	layer_8: no said marbit sagye i will do it
	layer_10: no said marbret sadlye i will do it
	layer_12: no said marbret sade i will do it

file: 1686-142278-0093.flac
expected: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_2: ho must mot tiseei ierself in to doubting the reoalhety of my wrs my fixtintention and res ol
	layer_4: you must not to seive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixdintention and resolve
	layer_6: yo must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_8: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_10: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve
	layer_12: you must not deceive yourself into doubting the reality of my words my fixed intention and resolve

file: 1686-142278-0094.flac
expected: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had done speaking
	layer_2: he lnofed et her ind the sam steady stonve maner for sov momans of to hiad an spefing
	layer_4: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for somemom ent's ofto hiad und speaking
	layer_6: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after hiad unspeaking
	layer_8: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he ad unspeaking
	layer_10: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had unspeaking
	layer_12: he looked at her in the same steady stony manner for some moments after he had unspeaking

file: 1686-142278-0095.flac
expected: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_2: the bplessing of got beupon be my chiled
	layer_4: the plessing of god be upon be my child
	layer_6: the blescing of god be upon bee my child
	layer_8: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_10: the blessing of god be upon thee my child
	layer_12: the blessing of god be upon thee my child

file: 1686-142278-0096.flac
expected: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be irreverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter and she threw her arms round his neck
	layer_2: the nexest mommenh she faired lesst e s anser to his plessig miht be you roverend wrong mintd herd him as commip on his doghter as she thru her ams a roun es nak
	layer_4: the next momen she fared less thesanswer to his blessing might be u iverend ron miht herd him as comi fon his daughter as she thregw her arms a round his neck
	layer_6: the next momen she fared les thisanswer to his blessing might beuriverent rong might heard him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_8: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ureverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_10: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck
	layer_12: the next moment she feared lest this answer to his blessing might be ereverent wrong might hurt him as coming from his daughter as she threw her arms around his neck

file: 1686-142278-0097.flac
expected: she heard him murmur to himself the martyrs and confessors had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_2: she heard him lomman to himself the martes and confases ad bi enwaorpain to bear i wiugl notrineg
	layer_4: she heard him lom e to himselvf the martes in confacens had efbore pain to bear i will nottringk
	layer_6: she heard him leame ee to himself the marters and confesedece had even borpain to bear i will not shrinkt
	layer_8: she heard him murere to himself the martyrs and confessens had even bore paind to bear i will not shrink
	layer_10: she heard him murmured to himself the marteyrs and confessens had even more pain to bear i will not shrink
	layer_12: she heard him murmured to himself the martyrs and confessens hade even more pain to bear i will not shrink

file: 1686-142278-0098.flac
expected: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_2: they wa statal by haing with as hailin quaringd fo her dorter
	layer_4: theye wese startale by haring with is hail inquiring for her daugter
	layer_6: they were startled by hearing with is hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_8: they were startled by hearing withsus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_10: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter
	layer_12: they were startled by hearing missus hale inquiring for her daughter

file: 1651-136854-0000.flac
expected: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestick teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_2: in seventeen fifty he camfortk in the carnter r forwhic he wast em in the lak qualnlified on tajest icteture of mhorl and religus wiston
	layer_4: in seventeen fifty he came fort in the caracter  forwhich he was eminetle qualefied o mhejustictethure of moral and weligius wisdon
	layer_6: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the charactere  for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_8: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_10: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom
	layer_12: in seventeen fifty he came forth in the character for which he was eminently qualified a majestic teacher of moral and religious wisdom

file: 1651-136854-0001.flac
expected: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_2: the ve acale whiche chos was that of a parioutical paper whiche knew hald been u pon former occations inploiede with greitsiccess
	layer_4: the viacale which he chose was that of a periotical paper whih he knew had been uponformer occasions imployed with greits uccess
	layer_6: the venhicle which he chose was that of a periotical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with gret success
	layer_8: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_10: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success
	layer_12: the vehicle which he chose was that of a periodical paper which he knew had been upon former occasions employed with great success

file: 1651-136854-0002.flac
expected: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_2: when i was to begin publishing that papear i was a t las howcinapet
	layer_4: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was a to loss how ctonabit
	layer_6: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nae it
	layer_8: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to nave it
	layer_10: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it
	layer_12: when i was to begin publishing that paper i was at a loss how to name it

file: 1651-136854-0003.flac
expected: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_2: isat dou it night hupon my veensid and resaed the t i would notgoto slep tol had fixksetens tigl
	layer_4: i sat dowt it nighto upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go tosleep till h had fixedantcs tile
	layer_6: isat dowbt at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_8: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_10: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title
	layer_12: i sat down at night upon my bedside and resolved that i would not go to sleep till i had fixed its title

file: 1651-136854-0004.flac
expected: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as odd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_2: adisoncs not was ffiction in which unconcoen friggments of his le cuobrations fer prposly jumble together in his ald a maneras hy cud inordertoredus lafaplfat
	layer_4: adisonce not was affiction in which unconnectond fragments of his lucubgrations wfor perposely jumpled together in his ada manerous he culd in order to brotucea laughableffat
	layer_6: adisence note was af fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpled together in his aw demanneroas he could in order to produce a laghable effact
	layer_8: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awd a manner as he could in order to produce a lahable effect
	layer_10: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumbled together in as awd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect
	layer_12: addison's note was a fiction in which unconnected fragments of his lucubrations were purposely jumpled together in as awd a manner as he could in order to produce a laughable effect

file: 1651-136854-0005.flac
expected: whereas johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_2: wersh cnsine t e grevition eor aldthestint and a plickaal to each subject of which the had his mengiu
	layer_4: were s joncins a breviations oar all estint and a plickable to each subject of which the had his menti
	layer_6: where he johnsons abreviations are all istinct and appligable to each subject of which they had as mentione
	layer_8: whereh johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which they had is mentioned
	layer_10: where johnson's abreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned
	layer_12: where johnson's abbreviations are all distinct and applicable to each subject of which the head is mentioned

file: 1651-136854-0006.flac
expected: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_2: for instins taris the following scetsempn
	layer_4: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_6: four instance there is the following specimen
	layer_8: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_10: for instance there is the following specimen
	layer_12: for instance there is the following specimen

file: 1651-136854-0007.flac
expected: publick calamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_2: pumlhe conimities no sent of he previents of bad happits nidgligint of time ready t ndeortak carlers topersu ald cingsdby time
	layer_4: publthe conameties no sente of the previlence of bad hapbits nigligint of time ready t undertake careles to persu al changed by time
	layer_6: pcublic connamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits nigligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursu all changed by time
	layer_8: public canamities no sense of ther prevalence of bad habits nigligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_10: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time
	layer_12: public canamities no sense of the prevalence of bad habits negligent of time ready to undertake careless to pursue all changed by time

file: 1651-136854-0008.flac
expected: confident of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_2: qonfidns of others on suspecting es on expiriensd imagiening himself securagads neglet never amagons they wiaventr to tweeatim ial rerdy to frost expecting tou be trostid
	layer_4: qonfidence of others unsuspecting as on expiriencet imagining himself secur gats neglept never amagins they were venture to treeat him ill ready to frost expecting to be trosted
	layer_6: confidence of others on suspecting as unexperiencd imagining himself secureagainst neglet never imagins they were venture to treat him ill ready to trost expecting to be trusted
	layer_8: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglete never imagines they wirel ventured to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_10: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted
	layer_12: confidence of others unsuspecting as unexperienced imagining himself secure against neglect never imagines they will venture to treat him ill ready to trust expecting to be trusted

file: 1651-136854-0009.flac
expected: youth ambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_2: you hom bishus a thinkang ondersesee tol be had
	layer_4: you tham bitious as thinking oners ese to be had
	layer_6: you fambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_8: you fambitious as thinking honors easy to be had
	layer_10: youfambitious as thinking honours easy to be had
	layer_12: youambitious as thinking honours easy to be had

file: 1651-136854-0010.flac
expected: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods
	layer_2: deffet cindtof pras pers dat tifferom paris
	layer_4: diffect kind of praise persud at differen peris
	layer_6: diffent kinds of praise pursud at different perinance
	layer_8: diffent kinds of praise pursued at different perios
	layer_10: different kinds of praise pursued at different perioods
	layer_12: different kinds of praise pursued at different periods

file: 1651-136854-0011.flac
expected: of the fancy in manhood
	layer_2: of the fansyan batd
	layer_4: of the fanci in badlod
	layer_6: of the fancyan badlood
	layer_8: of the fancyan badlood
	layer_10: of the fanci an badlord
	layer_12: of the fancy an badlord

file: 1651-136854-0012.flac
expected: bruy
	layer_2: whori
	layer_4: rin
	layer_6: grait
	layer_8: brit
	layer_10: brt
	layer_12: rit

file: 1651-136854-0013.flac
expected: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_2: spollas frienshib like ladis
	layer_4: scollows frienshi like ladies
	layer_6: schollows friendship like ladies
	layer_8: schollar's friendship like ladies
	layer_10: scholar's friendship like ladies
	layer_12: scholar's friendship like ladies

file: 1651-136854-0014.flac
expected: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_2: dron to man by woerds repelld by pasions
	layer_4: dromed to man by words repeled by passions
	layer_6: drawa to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_8: dram to man by words repelld by passions
	layer_10: drawn to man by words repelled by passions
	layer_12: drawn to man by words repelled by passions

file: 1651-136854-0015.flac
expected: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_2: ommon dangu ou nignhts bmy crusshing other pasions bit they wereturn
	layer_4: comondange u nints by crusshing otheir passions bot they were turn
	layer_6: common danger units by crushing other passions but they ere turn
	layer_8: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_10: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return
	layer_12: common danger unites by crushing other passions but they return

file: 1651-136854-0016.flac
expected: equality hinders compliance
	layer_2: iuality indes complis
	layer_4: equality inders complics
	layer_6: equality inders compliecs
	layer_8: equality inders compliance
	layer_10: equality hinders compliance
	layer_12: equality hinders compliance

file: 1651-136854-0017.flac
expected: superiority produces insolence and envy
	layer_2: su pariorte poulduces inseilence and enthy
	layer_4: superiort poduces inselence and enthe
	layer_6: superiorte produces insolence and enthye
	layer_8: superiority produces insolence and enthy
	layer_10: superiority produces insolence and enthe
	layer_12: superiority produces insolence and enthe

file: 1651-136854-0018.flac
expected: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_2: to ic  r gi d an each to privet interest to lidle
	layer_4: two much regod an each to privet interist to litdle
	layer_6: too much regade and each to private interest to little
	layer_8: too much regard in each to private interest too little
	layer_10: too much regard ind each to private interest too little
	layer_12: too much regard ind each to private interest too little

file: 1651-136854-0019.flac
expected: of confederacy with superiours every one knows the inconvenience
	layer_2: of con fe rece was sopearias aver on knos dhe in cunbenionse
	layer_4: of confederecyt was superias ever one knose the in convenions
	layer_6: of confedracy wash superiors ever one knows the inconveniencs
	layer_8: of confeeracy wath superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_10: of confederacy with superiors everyone knows the inconvenience
	layer_12: of confederacy with superiors every one knows the inconvenience

file: 1651-136854-0020.flac
expected: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_2: withepls no ithoarty everimand his orn hepinian hit o intrest
	layer_4: with h egles nothorty every man his own apinion his on interest
	layer_6: with egales no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_8: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_10: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest
	layer_12: with equals no authority every man his own opinion his own interest

file: 1651-136854-0021.flac
expected: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_2: man and wice hardtlyou nighted scar seavo with out trlperin
	layer_4: man and wife hardly ou nighted scarseva withou trorn
	layer_6: man and wife hardlyunited scarceever without chilrrn
	layer_8: man and wife hardly united scarce ever with ourt children
	layer_10: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children
	layer_12: man and wife hardly united scarce ever without children

file: 1651-136854-0022.flac
expected: computation if two to one against two how many against five
	layer_2: compe youtiation yoif tuto an agains too how med youl gain'st five
	layer_4: comp you tation yif to to one against too how medou'l gainst five
	layer_6: computation if two to one against too how medy against five
	layer_8: comutation ivf two to one against two how meddi against five
	layer_10: computation if two to one against two how medi against five
	layer_12: computation if two to one against two how medi against five

file: 1651-136854-0023.flac
expected: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_2: in this as inmany otacases ai go wrong in oposition tu convicton for i thinkscrs any tempralgod eqully to be des ied with he regad an themilliarity of wr the men
	layer_4: in this as in many othercases a go wrong in ofposition to conviction for i think scarcse any tempral god equally to be desired with the regod and pfimiliarity of worthy men
	layer_6: in this as in many other cases a go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any tempral good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_8: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_10: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men
	layer_12: in this as in many other cases i go wrong in opposition to conviction for i think scarce any temporal good equally to be desired with the regard and familiarity of worthy men

file: 1651-136854-0024.flac
expected: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our hearts
	layer_2: i hop wh shll be somethin year to ee ch other d hame a or ready way l poring ou toa heard
	layer_4: i hope we shall be sometan near to each otherad hame a or ready way o poring out our heart
	layer_6: i hope we shall be sometim near to each other and hame a morready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_8: i hope we shall be sometome nearer to each other and havm a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_10: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart
	layer_12: i hope we shall be some time nearer to each other and have a more ready way of pouring out our heart

file: 1651-136854-0025.flac
expected: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to guard and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_2: grae es benfit which one frent can con fur pon enother his to gard and excight and enlivate his vertuns
	layer_4: hegree hisbenif it which one friend cen calnfir upon enother is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_6: the greate s benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_8: the greates benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_10: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues
	layer_12: the greatest benefit which one friend can confer upon another is to god and excite and elevate his virtues

file: 1651-136854-0026.flac
expected: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i can learn useful wise and innocent and a death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_2: this yoor mother wilse till prform if yuntiligentlypreserf the memvmery of her life and o her death an ni fse o foi se i colern u ful wise and inisent and the detft resind peeful and horly
	layer_4: this your mother willstill prform if youtuligiently preserv the memory of her life and of her death a liteso for is i caollarn yutful wise and inecent and the death resind peaceful and horly
	layer_6: this your mother will still perform if you giligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so for as i could learn usfull wise and inocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_8: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i could learn isefull wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holy
	layer_10: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i could learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and holly
	layer_12: this your mother will still perform if you diligently preserve the memory of her life and of her death a life so far as i could learn is full wise and innocent and the death resigned peaceful and wholly

file: 1651-136854-0027.flac
expected: i cannot forbear to mention that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_2: i canot for bhoutmacten thad nei the weson norrevbeilation di ni syuy to hop thita maiin cree her hacpaness by o bayng her priecets and that she may an her presen state lo with plesur a pon every act rvertu to which hur ins troctions or exdample hav contruuated
	layer_4: i cannut forbet to migiin that neithe reason nor revilation deni you to hope that syuemayin crease her happiness by obeaying her precets and that she may and her presoent state lot with pleasure pon every actr vertue to which her instructions or example have contriduted
	layer_6: i cannot for ber timition that neither reason nor revelation denise you to hope that shou may increase her happiness by obeying her precets and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actr virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_8: i cannot forbear to mittion that neither reason nor revelation denis you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precects and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every actof virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_10: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed
	layer_12: i cannot forbear to mintion that neither reason nor revelation denies you to hope that you may increase her happiness by obeying her precepts and that she may in her present state look with pleasure upon every act of virtue to which her instructions or example have contributed

file: 1651-136854-0028.flac
expected: if you write down minutely what you remember of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_2: if you wrike douwn minuly what your meber of her from your erlias yrs you wild beadet with guath lesin and receivd fromit many kins of sithing brecolection when time mchha ermove heriad faulthefrom you and your greef sha ben machured to veneration
	layer_4: if you rite down mindyutly wat your member of her from your earlias years you will readit with great pletioa and receive from it many cinse of sothing brecolection when timech o remove heryet falher from you and you r grief shall be i maturd to veneration
	layer_6: if you write down minutely what your member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many cints of soothing recollection when time whisha remove her yet fatlher from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_8: if you write down minutly what your member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many khints of sothing recollection when time shall remove her yet father from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_10: if you write down minutely what you re a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration
	layer_12: if you write down minutely what youare a member of her from your earliest years you will read it with great pleasure and receive from it many hints of soothing recollection when time shall remove her yet farther from you and your grief shall be matured to veneration

file: 1651-136854-0029.flac
expected: no thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the sun of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_2: no perethirty two on pationse even under ox tremn misery is wonderfully lofty and as mat hoboved the rant of stoisesumn as the son of rovolationis priter of then the twilight of paeonifillosify
	layer_4: noperthirty two on patience even under ectrem misery is wonderfully lofty and as muchabove the rant of stoicism as the son of rovolation s brightereof than the twilight of pagonfpulosophy
	layer_6: nebr thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of paeganphilosophy
	layer_8: nember thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_10: nember thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy
	layer_12: nember thirty two on patience even under extreme misery is wonderfully lofty and as much above the rant of stoicism as the son of revelation is brighter than the twilight of pagan philosophy

file: 1651-136854-0030.flac
expected: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_2: it mustinded be elout that the structurie his sentnces is expanded and often hes some wat of the invirtion of laton and that he delihted to express fe milliyourfoughttsind i filla soffrc aliwuige being in this the reversof socaritis whoit was said whuld duset fullosi e to the simplicity of comin life
	layer_4: it must indeed be aloud that the structureivf is sentances is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to express familiaur thoughts inphill asoffical linguage being in this the reverse of socrites who t wae said woul duced fulosied to the simplicity of commin life
	layer_6: it must indeed be allowed that the structure ife his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of laten and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts anphilosophical language being in this the reverse of socrities who it was said reeduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_8: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts an philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_10: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life
	layer_12: it must indeed be allowed that the structure of his sentences is expanded and often has somewhat of the inversion of latin and that he delighted to express familiar thoughts in philosophical language being in this the reverse of socrates who it was said reduced philosophy to the simplicity of common life

file: 1651-136854-0031.flac
expected: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in a lexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_2: this idled charch has ben eccod from one babllar to a nother who hoav con founded jonsons essays with jonsons dictionar and because he foughtis rigty in he lecxs ocan of ar lmiwuhich to coock many words which had fallan inte disus but were supported by gratofortis it is btd imagindat thato al of thes have been into wovean into his own compositions
	layer_4: this idled sharge has been ecoed from one babolar to another who have confounded joncons essays with jonsn's dictionary and because he thoughtes wright in a lexacoln of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greato torities its is ben imagined that all of these have been intowoven into his own compositions
	layer_6: this idled charge has been echoed from one babyler to another who have confounded jonson's esses with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it rigt in e lexacan of our language to colluct many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by greatathorities it has been imagined that all of these have been into woven into his own compositions
	layer_8: this idoled charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in elexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been intewoven into his own compositions
	layer_10: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions
	layer_12: this idle charge has been echoed from one babbler to another who have confounded johnson's essays with johnson's dictionary and because he thought it right in alexicon of our language to collect many words which had fallen into disuse but were supported by great authorities it has been imagined that all of these have been interwoven into his own compositions

file: 1651-136854-0032.flac
expected: their styles differ as plain cloth and brocade
	layer_2: theire stiles differs plain cloth and brokad
	layer_4: theire stiles differs plain cloth and broeade
	layer_6: their styles differas plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_8: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokeade
	layer_10: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade
	layer_12: their styles differ as plain cloth and brokade

file: 7601-101619-0000.flac
expected: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaining in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_2: our tremis plasur has somesort of groning in complieting inut wudjyou not say that it is dyng of pan
	layer_4: our tremis pleasure has some sort of groning and compliting in it wohuld you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_6: our xtremous pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_8: our extremes pleasure has some sort of groaning and compliting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_10: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaiting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain
	layer_12: our extremest pleasure has some sort of groaning and complaiting in it would you not say that it is dying of pain

file: 7601-101619-0001.flac
expected: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitas se nisi temperat premit even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_2: the highest in fullest contentment offers more of the grve thin of the mary ipsufulietas say tisyt eimperut premmit even fuollisscity andless it moderatet self a presses
	layer_4: the highest anfullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the mary ips afhilicitose say esytmperut premit even fulicity andless it moderat itself appresses
	layer_6: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the marry ipsa palicitos say nessy tempert premit even falicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_8: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa filicitos say nissi temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_10: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissi temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses
	layer_12: the highest and fullest contentment offers more of the grave than of the merry ipsa felicitos say nissi temperat premite even felicity unless it moderate itself oppresses

file: 7601-101619-0002.flac
expected: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tail metrodorus said that in sorrow there is some mixture of pleasure
	layer_2: sucrity seays that some gaod tried tomics in one mas and o con found pan and plasure but not being a bl t do it he bethougt him it leasd to cuple them by the tal meteredor said that in soro ther soumemexur of plasure
	layer_4: sucrity says that some god tried tomixs in one mass and o confound pain and plasure but not being able to do it he bethought him it least to couple them by the tale meteradoor said that insorro theirs some micture of plasure
	layer_6: socrity says that some god tried to mix in one mass and a confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there' some mixure of pleasure
	layer_8: socrate says that some god tried to mix in one mass andto confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodor said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_10: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodors said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure
	layer_12: socrates says that some god tried to mix in one mass and to confound pain and pleasure but not being able to do it he bethought him at least to couple them by the tale metrodorus said that in sorrow there's some mixture of pleasure

file: 7601-101619-0003.flac
expected: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubt to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_2: nature descoversis confusind to us paindters hol that the sam motions and grimises of the face that serv for weping sir for lafter to and endeed before the one of the other befinishd do bot observed the patrs manner of handling and yu will be an dout to oich of the to the desine tens and the exsrem of lafter des it last bringtears
	layer_4: nature discoversis confuson to us painters hold that the same motions and grimises of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and endeed before the one of the other be finished do but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the designe tends and the extrem of laughter does it last bring tears
	layer_6: nature discovers this confusion to us painters whole that the same motions and grimases of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished do but observed the painters manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the design tens and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_8: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one of the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be indoubt to which of the two the designe tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_10: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears
	layer_12: nature discovers this confusion to us painters hold that the same motions and grimaces of the face that serve for weeping serve for laughter too and indeed before the one or the other be finished do but observe the painter's manner of handling and you will be in doubd to which of the two the design tends and the extreme of laughter does at last bring tears

file: 7601-101619-0004.flac
expected: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_2: and therefor common eandles speculitivf sous ar foundto be mor proper for and more seuccesful in the manage mentd ofafars and the elovated and ex quicid opinions of fullosify unfit for busness the sharp thevasity of soul and the suple an res less voll you billity atending at do sterbonagociations
	layer_4: and therefore common and less speculative souls ar found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of afairs and the elevated an excuusit opinions of philosiphy unfit for business the sharp vevacity of soul and the supple andresless volubility atending it desterbon agotiations
	layer_6: and therefore common andless speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an excqusite opinions of philosophy unfit for business thi sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturbornegotiations
	layer_8: and therefore common undless speculative souls are found to be more proper four and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated an exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business thi sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it distur our negotiations
	layer_10: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless volubility attending it disturb our negotiations
	layer_12: and therefore common and less speculative souls are found to be more proper for and more successful in the management of affairs and the elevated and exquisite opinions of philosophy unfit for business this sharp vivacity of soul and the supple and restless voluability attending it disturb our negotiations

file: 7601-101619-0005.flac
expected: he who dives into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_2: he who ds into and in his inquusition com perhens allcircomstances and consequences hinders his a lection a littalens an well andl this sufition fr xocutions wather of les or great herwait
	layer_4: he who dige in to and in his inquisiti on comperhends all circumstances and consequences hinders his alection a littlengan well handle tiss sufficient for executions whether of less or greater wait
	layer_6: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engand well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weigt
	layer_8: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little enge in well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_10: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight
	layer_12: he who dies into and in his inquisition comprehends all circumstances and consequences hinders his election a little engine well handled is sufficient for executions whether of less or greater weight

file: 7601-291468-0000.flac
expected: when the lofty thucydides is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_2: when the loftiy thu sidides isabout toitter apon his escruption of the plag that deselyt ad athens whone of his motern commentaters osurse tofe reter that the histr has no going to be ex cedingly solm serius an pethuddtic and hince withait air ofe chupling gratulation with which a good dame drase forththa hoice morcul fom a cobared to weregal la favret that this plag will givfe his history amost greaable voriety
	layer_4: when the lofty thoucididees isabout to mitter upon his description of the pleg tha desolated athons one of his modtern commentators asurece the reater that the historius now going to be exceedingly solem serius an pathudic and hince with that air of chucktling gretulation with which a good dame draws fort a choice morcal from a coubared to weregale efavourit that this pleg will give his histry amost a greeable var iety
	layer_6: when the lofty thucindities is about to menter upon his description of the plag that desolated athens one of his modern commontators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hince with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsal from a cupboard to reregale of favorite that this plag will give his history amost egreeable variety
	layer_8: when the lofty thucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hinte with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to regale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_10: when the lofty tucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to brgale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety
	layer_12: when the lofty fucidities is about to enter upon his description of the plague that desolated athens one of his modern commentators assures the reader that the history is now going to be exceedingly solemn serious and pathetic and hints with that air of chuckling gratulation with which a good dame draws forth a choice morsel from a cupboard to brgale a favorite that this plague will give his history a most agreeable variety

file: 7601-291468-0001.flac
expected: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_2: sotor the tru subjecks for they hi stor pen
	layer_4: such of the tru subjects for they historyc pen
	layer_6: such of the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_8: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_10: such are the true subjects for the historic pen
	layer_12: such are the true subjects for the historic pen

file: 7601-291468-0002.flac
expected: the fall of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_2: the fol of empars the deseation of happe countries splended cities  smokyg in their rans the prateiset works of ort tumbledin the dust the sreks un grons of hol nations a sending un do heven
	layer_4: the fall o empirs the decilation of happy countries splended cities smoking in their ruans the prowtised works of art tumbled in the dust the shreks and grons of whole nations a cending undo heaven
	layer_6: the full o empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudese works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and growns of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_8: the full of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_10: the full of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven
	layer_12: the full of empires the desolation of happy countries splendid cities smoking in their ruins the proudest works of art tumbled in the dust the shrieks and groans of whole nations ascending unto heaven

file: 7601-291468-0003.flac
expected: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_2: thes tho swrms of flis which ur so of an execrated isuselessverman ore created for th sustancs spidors and spiters on the other hand or evei tently made to divouer flis
	layer_4: thus those sworms of flis which aur so of an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustenis of spiders and spiters on the other hand are evidently made to divour flis
	layer_6: thus those swarms of flies which are so of an execrated as useless verman are created for the sustanates of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flwes
	layer_8: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenace of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_10: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies
	layer_12: thus those swarms of flies which are so often execrated as useless vermin are created for the sustenance of spiders and spiders on the other hand are evidently made to devour flies

file: 7601-291468-0004.flac
expected: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nouns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apophthegms which he was wont to parade in his public harangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_2: anchet troditions speak muchifis learning and of the gallment inmods he had made indo the dead languiges in which he had mat captive a hoset of grek knons and loton verbs and brought off rich bouty in ancire sows an aupotigims which he was woant to porad in his pub the c oangs as a trl fet genneale of yor his spoly u upimu
	layer_4: anceent troditions speak much of his learning and of the galent inrods he had made into the deadlanguages ind which he had made captive ahost of grek nowns and laton verbs and brought off rich bouty in ancient sauws and a pofhigoms which he was want to parad in his publi corrangs as a triumfrt general of yor his spollya uphima
	layer_6: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogums which he was want to parade in his public harangs as a triumphoat general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_8: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek nowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient sauws and apothogems which he was wont to parade in his public horangus as a triumphant general of yor his spolia opima
	layer_10: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek gnowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogems which he was wont to parade in his public horangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima
	layer_12: ancient traditions speak much of his learning and of the gallant inroads he had made into the dead languages in which he had made captive a host of greek gnowns and latin verbs and brought off rich booty in ancient saws and apothogems which he was wont to parade in his public horangues as a triumphant general of yore his spolia opima

file: 7601-291468-0005.flac
expected: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_2: out was abserved heever that he seld o got into an ar ument without getynto a perpuxoity and then indo a pation with his ad rsary for  not bein convincett grattis
	layer_4: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getiginto a perpluxity and then into a passion with his advesary for not being convinced gratis
	layer_6: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_8: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_10: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus
	layer_12: it was observed however that he seldom got into an argument without getting into a perplexity and then into a passion with his adversary for not being convinced gratus

file: 7601-291468-0006.flac
expected: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_2: h is aboed which he hadficd at a boury ore countryseet ant a short distince from the city just et what his nowcalld ducht streed soon abounded with profse of his inginwity patand smok jaks that requared a horse to workt them dutch ofens that rosted met without fir cartse that went befor the horses whether coks that turned againce the wind an other wrong hede coutriveadces that a stonisht in coln foundend alld be holders
	layer_4: he is abod which he had fixed at a bowry or country ceat ad a short distance from the city juse at what is nowcalled duch street soon abounded with profs of his inginuity patened smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that rostad meat without fire carts that went before the horses whether coxs that turned against the wind and other rong headed couldtrivadces that a stonished ind confounded all beholders
	layer_6: hes abod which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity pattenet smoke jacks that required to horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meeat without fire carts that went before the horses wheather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_8: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meaet without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_10: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weathercocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders
	layer_12: his abode which he had fixed at a bowery or country seat at a short distance from the city just at what is now called dutch street soon abounded with proofs of his ingenuity patent smoke jacks that required a horse to work them dutch ovens that roasted meat without fire carts that went before the horses weather cocks that turned against the wind and other wrong headed contrivances that astonished and confounded all beholders

file: 7601-291468-0007.flac
expected: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_2: it is in a nolage as inswoming he who floundersin splices onf the serfice mix mre noiys in attrac moretention than the purldiver wlho quietly dis in quest of trases to the otom
	layer_4: it is innowlege as in swiming he who flounders and splices on the surface mixes more nois an attrack more tention than the pearl diver o quietly dis inquest ovf trasures to the otom
	layer_6: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splices on the surface makes more noise ind attracts more ttention than the pearl diver ho quietly dis in questive treasures to the bottom
	layer_8: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in questofe treasures to the bottom
	layer_10: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dives in quest of treasures to the bottom
	layer_12: it is in knowledge as in swimming he who flounders and splashes on the surface makes more noise and attracts more attention than the pearl diver who quietly dies in quest of treasures to the bottom

file: 7601-101622-0000.flac
expected: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to inhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_2: the romoans by thes means aructed tir colonies for prceting their sity to gro imosurably populis they eaased ditd of the most unnecesary people and sentomto ham habit an cultivat theln's conkred bo them someton sealsaw they purpasely maintan wars wa some of their enimies not only to keep theire own mean anaction for fere lest italness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvheniancs
	layer_4: the romans by theis means arected their colinies for prceeving their city to gro immesurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and senthem to im habit and cultivate the lan's conqured by them sometimeselso they purpesely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own menanaction for fer lesst idleness the mother of corruption should brng upon them some worse in convinience
	layer_6: the romans by this means erected their colonies for proceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people tand sente them to im habit and cultivate the lands conqured by them sometimes also they purposely maintained wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men anaction for fear lesst idleness the mother of corruption should brang upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_8: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceiving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people hand sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men an action for fear less idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_10: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience
	layer_12: the romans by this means erected their colonies for perceving their city to grow immeasurably populous they eased it of the most unnecessary people and sent them to imhabit and cultivate the lands conquered by them sometimes also they purposely maintain wars with some of their enemies not only to keep their own men in action for fear lest idleness the mother of corruption should bring upon them some worse inconvenience

file: 7601-101622-0001.flac
expected: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_2: and we suffor they ils of along pece lugxerous more pronitious tha or
	layer_4: and we suffer the ils of a long peace luxuri is more pronicious than more
	layer_6: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than ware
	layer_8: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_10: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war
	layer_12: and we suffer the ills of a long peace luxury is more pernicious than war

file: 7601-101622-0002.flac
expected: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_2: and thesalso was onries in why our king fillo consented to send hi sanjon ubon oforn ecbodition that he might take along withem a great number of hot young mn who wer then in his pay
	layer_4: and this also was oneres in why or king phillip concented to send his son jon upon aforan expodition that he might take along with him agreat number of hot yolung men who were then in his pay
	layer_6: and this also was one res an why or king philip consented to send his sun john upon a foreind expedition that he might take along with thim a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_8: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_10: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay
	layer_12: and this also was one reason why our king philip consented to send his son john upon a foreign expedition that he might take along with him a great number of hot young men who were then in his pay

file: 7601-101622-0003.flac
expected: what other end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_2: what other endashy impeusartof theglatiatrs proposto itdself what thae slaghther of young men what plasure feid with blod
	layer_4: what other end as the impiouse art of the gladyeators proposesto itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with bloo
	layer_6: what other end dos the impious art of the gladiators proposed to itself what the slaughter of young men what plasure fed with blood
	layer_8: what other end does the impious art of the gladiaters propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_10: what o ther end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood
	layer_12: what o ther end does the impious art of the gladiators propose to itself what the slaughter of young men what pleasure fed with blood

file: 7601-101622-0004.flac
expected: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_2: prince take ty oners delade for thirain thand be succussere to thi fathers hands forth let non at ronm beslan vor sfport
	layer_4: prince take the honers delad for thyrain tand be successor to thy fathers hence forth let non ite rom be slaiene for sport
	layer_6: prince take the honors delayed for thy rain and be successor to thy fathers hinceforth let none it rom beslain for sport
	layer_8: prince take the honors delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_10: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport
	layer_12: prince take the honours delayed for thy reign and be successor to thy fathers henceforth let none at rome be slain for sport

file: 7601-101622-0005.flac
expected: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_2: let bests blod stany anfuomacerrina and no mor hommasids be their acted
	layer_4: let beasts blod stain the infom micarina and no more homasides be their actand
	layer_6: let beasts blood stain the infamucarena and no more hammasides be there acted
	layer_8: let beasts blood stain the infamousarena and no more homecides be there actet
	layer_10: let beasts blood stain the infamous arena and no more homicides be there acted
	layer_12: let beasts blood stain the infamous aurena and no more homicides be there acted

file: 7601-101622-0006.flac
expected: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_2: it was not anoughfeor then tefiht ando di brively but cerefuly to in somuch the they were hist and curstd if they mad any has atation about receving their death
	layer_4: it was not anough for themn efight and dodi bravely but erefully too in su much that they were hist and curst if they made any has atation about receiving their death
	layer_6: it was not enough for them tafight and to die bravely but cheerfully too in somuch that they were hiset and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_8: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too in somuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_10: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death
	layer_12: it was not enough for them to fight and to die bravely but cheerfully too insomuch that they were hissed and cursed if they made any hesitation about receiving their death

file: 7601-101622-0007.flac
expected: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_2: the very girls themselv suthem on
	layer_4: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_6: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_8: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_10: the very girls themselves set them on
	layer_12: the very girls themselves set them on

file: 7601-175351-0000.flac
expected: beginning of revolt
	layer_2: the gining ov revalt
	layer_4: bhe ginning of revolt
	layer_6: beginning of revolt
	layer_8: beginning of revolt
	layer_10: beginning of revolt
	layer_12: beginning of revolt

file: 7601-175351-0001.flac
expected: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_2: at this un expected co mund the suprise was great o un bord the foard
	layer_4: at this anexpected commoand the surprise was grat on board the forward
	layer_6: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_8: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_10: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward
	layer_12: at this unexpected command the surprise was great on board the forward

file: 7601-175351-0002.flac
expected: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_2: ligke the firs iex claimsom
	layer_4: lihkte the fires excleim som
	layer_6: like the fires exclam some
	layer_8: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_10: light the fires exclaimed some
	layer_12: light the fires exclaimed some

file: 7601-175351-0003.flac
expected: what with asked others
	layer_2: hort wish a stoninse
	layer_4: whoat with askedtuntens
	layer_6: what with asked utens
	layer_8: wht with asked otens
	layer_10: what with asked uthens
	layer_12: what with asked othens

file: 7601-175351-0004.flac
expected: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_2: and stuf the stove with the masts ati warn
	layer_4: and stuff ther stove with the masts edad waran
	layer_6: and stuff the stove with the masts eded worn
	layer_8: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_10: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren
	layer_12: and stuff the stove with the masts added warren

file: 7601-175351-0005.flac
expected: did you hear me
	layer_2: di yul h me
	layer_4: did you her me
	layer_6: did you hear me
	layer_8: did you hear me
	layer_10: did you hear me
	layer_12: did you hear me

file: 7601-175351-0006.flac
expected: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_2: whospok crid haters
	layer_4: who spok crin hatterus
	layer_6: ho spoke crie hatterus
	layer_8: who spoke cried hatterus
	layer_10: who spoke cried hatteras
	layer_12: who spoke cried hatteras

file: 7601-175351-0007.flac
expected: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_2: i did said pen ad vansicn tward thocapttin
	layer_4: i did said pen advancincn towards the coptain
	layer_6: i did said pen advancing towards the coptain
	layer_8: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_10: i did said pen advancing towards the captain
	layer_12: i did said pen advancing towards the captain

file: 7601-175351-0008.flac
expected: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_2: i sa antered pen with anosh i say we've hadaen ofo it and boe won' go iny for ther
	layer_4: i say answered pen with in oth i say we've had an noh of it and we won't go any further
	layer_6: i say answered pen with in oath i say we've had anough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_8: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_10: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further
	layer_12: i say answered pen with an oath i say we've had enough of it and we won't go any further

file: 7601-175351-0009.flac
expected: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fires
	layer_2: you shent killouse with hunger in work in the witter and they shenp lighte the fairs
	layer_4: you shent killus with hunger and work in the winter and they shent lighte the fares
	layer_6: you shant killus with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_8: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_10: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't light the fars
	layer_12: you shan't kill us with hunger and work in the winter and they shan't liht the fars

file: 7601-175351-0010.flac
expected: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_2: if fyou wre peaet wat the man sas ansered haterise o'l hav vouw shoe upenyour caben an garded
	layer_4: if you repeat what the man sas answered heterus i'll have vyouw shur up in your cabin angarded
	layer_6: if you repeat what the man says answered haterus i'll have you shu up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_8: if you repeat what the man says answered hatterus i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_10: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded
	layer_12: if you repeat what the man says answered hatteras i'll have you shut up in your cabin and guarded

file: 7601-175351-0011.flac
expected: a murmur was heard
	layer_2: a murmor aishard
	layer_4: a murmoer was heard
	layer_6: a murmur was heard
	layer_8: a murmur was heard
	layer_10: a murmur was heard
	layer_12: a murmur was heard

file: 7601-175351-0012.flac
expected: the engineer followed by plover and warren went down to his post
	layer_2: she engenear follow by plover and wrn whent down to is post
	layer_4: the enginer followed by plover and warn went down to his post
	layer_6: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_8: the engineer followed by plover and waorn went down to his post
	layer_10: the engineer followed by plover and worn went down to his post
	layer_12: the engineer followed by plover and warn went down to his post

file: 7601-175351-0013.flac
expected: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_2: the stem was soon got up the anckrs er wad and the forward vered away easd cutting the oung eice with er stele prow
	layer_4: the stem was soon got up the encurs were wayd and the forward vered away east cutting the ung yce with her steel praw
	layer_6: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward vered away east cutting the young ice with her steal prow
	layer_8: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_10: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow
	layer_12: the steam was soon got up the anchors were weighed and the forward veered away east cutting the young ice with her steel prow

file: 7601-175351-0014.flac
expected: between baring island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to agglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_2: between bering iland and beature point there ar consideable cantity of ilans in the mist of ice feels the streams crowd dogether in helittle thanls which cut up tis part of the ce they had atended sy to a gloorait under the rellt ife ly lot emprture homocks were fornme here in ther and these mases aready mor compact dencere and closere together would soon form an impenit rable maus
	layer_4: between bearing iland and beachere point there are consideable quantity o islands in the midst of ice feels the streams crowed together in the little chanels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendecy to a glomerat undr the relit ivfely loatemporture howmoks were formed her in there and these masses already more compackt denswer and clocere together would soon form and impenitrable mass
	layer_6: between bearing island and beacher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of icefields the streams crowd together in the little cannels which cut up this part of the sea they had attendency to a glommorate under the relatively low temperature humocs were formed here ind there and these masses already more compacket denscer and closer together would soon form and impeneterable mass
	layer_8: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to a glomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact demser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_10: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to eglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass
	layer_12: between bearing island and beecher point there are a considerable quantity of islands in the midst of ice fields the streams crowd together in the little channels which cut up this part of the sea they had a tendency to eglomerate under the relatively low temperature hummocks were formed here and there and these masses already more compact denser and closer together would soon form an impenetrable mass

file: 7601-175351-0015.flac
expected: i am beginning not to answered wall
	layer_2: i'm begin not to and swred wall
	layer_4: i'm begina not to and swered wall
	layer_6: i'm begina not too answered wall
	layer_8: i'm beginning not too answered wal
	layer_10: i'm beginning not to answered wal
	layer_12: i'm beginning not to answered wal

file: 7601-175351-0016.flac
expected: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_2: hatteras still hopedo find and open see beyond the sevly sof at th parlel a ser adwered bulter had don
	layer_4: haterous still hope to find an open se beyon the sevely se of a the parelel as sir edward belture had done
	layer_6: hatterus still hope to find an open sea beyond the sevely sofeth paralel as sir edward beltere had done
	layer_8: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_10: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done
	layer_12: hatteras still hoped to find an open sea beyond the seventy seventh parallel as sir edward belcher had done

file: 7601-175351-0017.flac
expected: ought he to treat these accounts as apocryphal
	layer_2: oht he totre thesocunces apacreful
	layer_4: ought he to treat these accounces a pacriful
	layer_6: ought he to treat these accounces a pocriful
	layer_8: ought he to treat these accountes epocriphul
	layer_10: ought he to treat these accountsas epocriphul
	layer_12: ought he to treat these accountss epocriphel

file: 7601-175351-0018.flac
expected: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_2: the nex tay the sun set for the firstoime endding thus the long suries of days with twenty for hours an them
	layer_4: the nextday the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty for hours in them
	layer_6: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_8: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_10: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them
	layer_12: the next day the sun set for the first time ending thus the long series of days with twenty four hours in them

file: 7601-175351-0019.flac
expected: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_2: the men had inded by getting a custom to the contn l day light but it had never made any differencse to the animals the greenondogs went to their rest ait theira custimdouer and dick supd as regulaly every uedning as s toe dartnesshad coverd the scy
	layer_4: the men had inded by getting a custome to the continuall daylight but it had never made any difference to the enimals the grenon dogs wente to there rest at their a customed our and dick sluppt as regulaly every evening as thoug darkness had covered the sky
	layer_6: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenwan dogs went to their rest at theire accustomed hour and dick slepet as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_8: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the green ond dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_10: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky
	layer_12: the men had ended by getting accustomed to the continual daylight but it had never made any difference to the animals the greenland dogs went to their rest at their accustomed hour and dick slept as regularly every evening as though darkness had covered the sky

file: 7601-175351-0020.flac
expected: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_2: the docter by followinjonsons advice a customt himself to support the lo timbertur he almost ois staede on deck reaving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_4: the doctor by followang johnsons advice a customed himself to supporth he low timverture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_6: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temberture he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_8: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_10: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow
	layer_12: the doctor by following johnson's advice accustomed himself to support the low temperature he almost always stayed on deck braving the cold the wind and the snow

file: 7601-175351-0021.flac
expected: there's more than one amongst us who would like to imitate them i think
	layer_2: theres morethan oneamong stus ho woald like to an imanttat the my think
	layer_4: there is more than oneamong stess ho would like do an imitate the my think
	layer_6: there is more than one among stas who would like to an imitate that i think
	layer_8: there is more than one among sus who would like to and imitate them i think
	layer_10: there is more than one among st us who would like to an imitate them i think
	layer_12: there is more than one among st us who would like to in imitate them i think

file: 7601-175351-0022.flac
expected: they are cowards mister clawbonny those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_2: they are cowareds misticlawbony thohs enimal s had nol prvisions os we heave and or abloide to seke there foud woreid is to be found
	layer_4: they are cowards misterclawbony those animals had not provisions as we have and or roblidge to seek their foode were it is to be found
	layer_6: they are cowards mister clawbony those animals have no provisions as we have and ar obliges to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_8: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_10: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found
	layer_12: they are cowards mister clawboney those animals have no provisions as we have and are obliged to seek their food where it is to be found

file: 7601-175351-0023.flac
expected: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_2: you hoped that hateraswill succed then
	layer_4: you hoped that hatterus will sicced then
	layer_6: you hope that hatterus will succe then
	layer_8: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_10: you hope that hatteras will succeed then
	layer_12: you hope that hatteras will succeed then

file: 7601-175351-0024.flac
expected: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_2: he sertainley will mister clawl wony
	layer_4: he certainly will mister clawle wony
	layer_6: he certainly will mister clawbonny
	layer_8: he certainly will mister clawboney
	layer_10: he certainly will mister clawbony
	layer_12: he certainly will mister clawbony

file: 7601-175351-0025.flac
expected: i am of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_2: i a m mof the same a pinion as you jonson and o fe only wanted one faful cobaion he'l have too
	layer_4: iam oft the same u pinion as you jahnson and i fe only wanted one faithful combaion he'll have too
	layer_6: i am ovf the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanterd one faithful companion he'll have too
	layer_8: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_10: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two
	layer_12: i'm of the same opinion as you johnson and if he only wanted one faithful companion he'll have two

file: 7601-175351-0026.flac
expected: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinnell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_2: prince elbert lnd which the forrd was then costing bes also the naem o gr enow land and though hatterus from his hatred to the aies would never callit by at somerconnime it his the onit genely gosby
	layer_4: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting be rs also the name of grinel lan and though haterus from his hatred to the anchies would never colloit by itsamerican name it is the wone it genealy goes by
	layer_6: prince elbert land which the forward was then coasting beaers also the name of grine land and though haterus from his hatred to the ankhis would never call it by its american name it is the one at generally goesby
	layer_8: prince albert land which the forwad was then coasting bears also the name of grinel land and though hatterus from his hatred to the yankes would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_10: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grinell land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by
	layer_12: prince albert land which the forward was then coasting bears also the name of grenel land and though hatteras from his hatred to the yankees would never call it by its american name it is the one it generally goes by

file: 7601-175351-0027.flac
expected: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britannia mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_2: on the agteent o agese they sigtedt bretwnya mountain scrce y visible through the mist and the forward waid ancerd the nectay in northumberlan bay
	layer_4: on the eighteenthivagust they sigted bretnny amountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward waigd ancord the nextday in nor thumberlan bey
	layer_6: on the eighteenth of august they sighted britani a mountain scarcely visible through the mist and the forward weighd anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_8: on the eighteenth of august they sigted britania mountain scarcely visible through the midst and the forward weghed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_10: on the eighteenth of august they cited britania mountain scarcely visible through the midst and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay
	layer_12: on the eighteenth of august they sited bretania mountain scarcely visible through the midst and the forward weighed anchor the next day in northumberland bay

file: 7641-96684-0000.flac
expected: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men
	layer_2: and asa mordal upolow sopto earn his gred amons men
	layer_4: and asamordal a polow sop to ern his bread amonst men
	layer_6: and as a mortal a pollo soght to earn his bread a monst men
	layer_8: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_10: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amonst men
	layer_12: and as a mortal apollo sought to earn his bread amongst men

file: 7641-96684-0001.flac
expected: afterward people wondered at admetus's ever smiling face and ever radiant being
	layer_2: afterwrd people ondere dout ad metices ever smiling face andeverrating ben
	layer_4: afterward people wonderd aut ad medices ever smiling face and everating ben
	layer_6: afterward people wondered atadmedices ever smiling face and everadient ben
	layer_8: afterward people wondered at ad medices ever smiling face and eve radiant bean
	layer_10: afterward people wondered at at medicis ever smiling face and ever radiant bean
	layer_12: afterward people wondered at at medicis ever smiling face and ever radiant bean

file: 7641-96684-0002.flac
expected: that was before admetus sailed on the argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_2: thot was before ad medter sail ton arago with jason and the cpmanins of the quest
	layer_4: that was before had mede saild on aurago with jacon and the companions of the quest
	layer_6: that was before ad medue sailed on arago with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_8: that was before had medu sailed one argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_10: that was before ad medu sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest
	layer_12: that was before ad medus sailed on argo with jason and the companions of the quest

file: 7641-96684-0003.flac
expected: thereafter admetus having the love of alcestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_2: there after ad meduse havin love of a'l cestis was even more happy than he had been befor
	layer_4: thereafter at meduce having love of alcestice was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_6: thereafter atmeaduce having love of alqestise was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_8: thereafter at medoucse having love of alcestus was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_10: thereafter at medus having the love of alchestis was even more happy than he had been before
	layer_12: thereafter at medus having the love of alchestus was even more happy than he had been before

file: 7641-96684-0004.flac
expected: a radiant figure it was and admetus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_2: a readi in figer at was and ad mater s new that dis os a polow come to m again
	layer_4: a radiant figure at was and ad medter s new that dis os a polow come to im again
	layer_6: a radiant figure it was and admedasnew that dis was a pollo come to him again
	layer_8: a radiant figure it was and at meducs knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_10: a radiant figure it was and id metus knew that this was apollo come to him again
	layer_12: a radiant figure it was and ad metus knew that this was apollo come to him again

file: 7641-96684-0005.flac
expected: but apollo turned to admetus a face that was without joy
	layer_2: but a polow turne to had medis a fae hot was with out joy
	layer_4: but a polow turnd to admeduce a face that was without joy
	layer_6: but a pollo turned to admeuce a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but apollo turned to admedice a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but apollo turned to admitis a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but apollo turned to admitise a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0006.flac
expected: what years of happiness have been mine o apollo through your friendship for me said admetus
	layer_2: what yous of happin ess have been myinao polow throug your frienship for me said nad mitis
	layer_4: what yous of happen ess have been my kno a polow through your friendship for me said nedmetuc
	layer_6: what youse havf happinness have been mi noapollow through your friendship for me said nadmedic
	layer_8: what youse of happiness have been my no apollo through your friendship for me said nadmetic
	layer_10: what yeus of happiness have been mi no apollo throug your friendship for me said nedmettis
	layer_12: what yous of happiness have been mi no apollo through your friendship for me said nedmetis

file: 7641-96684-0007.flac
expected: but still apollo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_2: buet still upolo stod beforon with a fasot was withoud jroy
	layer_4: but still a polof stood beforem with a fatcethot was without jroy
	layer_6: but still a palo stood beformm with a face that was without joy
	layer_8: but still a pallow stood befor him with a face that was without joy
	layer_10: but still apolo stood before him with a face that was without joy
	layer_12: but still apollo stood before hm with a face that was without joy

file: 7641-96684-0008.flac
expected: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to admetus
	layer_2: he spo kun his vos was no tha clear nvibeen voics that he had onts in speaeking tord menus
	layer_4: he spokkan his voice was not that clear an vibant voice that he had once in speak ing to rad metic
	layer_6: he spoke ind his voice was not that clear in vibrant voice that he had once in speaking to radmedic
	layer_8: he spoke an his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he ad once in speaking to rd medice
	layer_10: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he at once in speaking tord medic
	layer_12: he spoke and his voice was not that clear and vibrant voice that he hat once in speaking tord medice

file: 7641-96684-0009.flac
expected: admetus admetus he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_2: ad medis ad mettus he said it is froume to tell you that ou may now more loocon tho bu skyin or walk upon the greenurth
	layer_4: atmetuse ad medus he said it is freme to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the greenearth
	layer_6: admedice admedice he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_8: admedic admedic he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_10: amedis at medtis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth
	layer_12: amedis at medis he said it is for me to tell you that you may no more look on the blue sky nor walk upon the green earth

file: 7641-96684-0010.flac
expected: it is for me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to him admetus admetus know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_2: it istr me to tell ou that the gard of the undearwlto wel have you comet mad mudis and menus no that even now the gord of thandrld isending death for you
	layer_4: it istor me to tell you that the gard of the underwol do will have you come toa madmudtuce and medus no tha even now the god of thandrwld is sending deathfor you
	layer_6: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underwol  will have you come to a medmedic and medus know that even now the god of thandrwold is sending death for you
	layer_8: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a madmadic and metis know that even now the god of the nderworld is sending death for you
	layer_10: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedis and medis know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you
	layer_12: it is to me to tell you that the god of the underworld will have you come to a medmedis and metis know that even now the god of the underworld is sending death for you

file: 7641-96684-0011.flac
expected: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go admetus
	layer_2: if on aill go willing ly in thyt place with death dou can still li v on go ad metics
	layer_4: if orne will go willingly ind thyt place with death dou can't still live an go ad medtis
	layer_6: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou can't still live on go ad medic
	layer_8: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou cant still live on go at medic
	layer_10: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go at metic
	layer_12: if one will go willingly in thy place with death thou canst still live on go at metic

file: 7641-96684-0012.flac
expected: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grinding corn between two stones
	layer_2: and than he came pon anion oman who sap uponstorns in the cuortard grinein coren betwee in to stons
	layer_4: and then he came pon ancient woman who sat uponstoens in the curtyard grindin clorn betweein two stones
	layer_6: and then he came pon ancient woman who sat upon stoines in the courtyard grindin clorn between two stones
	layer_8: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones
	layer_10: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones
	layer_12: and then he came upon an ancient woman who sat upon stones in the courtyard grind in corn between two stones

file: 7641-96684-0013.flac
expected: there she was sitting as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shaking and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_2: there she was sidn as hy had first nol er with ar eyse bleard nderi mes shakned and with the dust of the court gartd an t husks of the qarn in o mated ar
	layer_4: there she was sign as he had first non her with her ys blerd anderne shakingd and with the dust of the courtard an the husks of the corn inr mated heir
	layer_6: there she was sign as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and hernis shakined and with the dust of the courtyard an the husks of the corn in her matded hair
	layer_8: there she was siden as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shakened and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn in her matted hair
	layer_10: there she was siddin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shakinged and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn an her madted hair
	layer_12: there she was siddin as he had first known her with her eyes bleared and her knees shakined and with the dust of the courtyard and the husks of the corn and her matted hair

file: 7641-96684-0014.flac
expected: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the king and go with death
	layer_2: he went towr and spopedur and the aster to take i place of the ken and go ith deash
	layer_4: he went towr and spoked heer and the askder to take the place of the kin and go with death
	layer_6: he went to her and spokedt her and the askt her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_8: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_10: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death
	layer_12: he went to her and spoke to her and he asked her to take the place of the keen and go with death

file: 7641-96684-0015.flac
expected: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_2: but when she heared the name of deast hor acam into t face of th antiu woman and she crid out that she would no let dest come ner her
	layer_4: but when she heard the name of death whora came into the face of the anse woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_6: but when she heard the name of death hor came into the face of the anciert woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_8: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_10: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her
	layer_12: but when she heard the name of death horror came into the face of the ancient woman and she cried out that she would not let death come near her

file: 7641-96684-0016.flac
expected: admetus took the man's shriveled hand and he asked him if he would not take the king's place and go with death that was coming for him
	layer_2: atd medistook lhe man shir wild hand an he asdtim if ew would not take the kins place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_4: ad medi took th e mans shibiled hand and the asom if you would not take f the kins place and goth death that was coming for him
	layer_6: ad medice took the mans shiveled hand and he asked him if you would not take the kin's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_8: admeice took the man shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_10: ad metice took the man's shivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him
	layer_12: admetice took the man's chivelled hand and he asked him if you would not take the king's place and goeth death that was coming for him

file: 7641-96684-0017.flac
expected: then admetus went into the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the underworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones around the palace would take his place
	layer_2: then ad mendis wintin to the powase and ento the chamb ar s bedowas and he la downdupon a bed and he lo mented that he would hale to go with death tho wase com in for him from the gord of lundald and he le mented that nune of the rechrug ons roun  pouse wore tak is place
	layer_4: then atmedis wintin to the palacse and into the chambwarhis bedwas and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death thoat was come in for him from the god of lhanda world and he lmented that none of the retcad ones rownd pouse word take his place
	layer_6: then admeduce went into the palace and into the chambeoars bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was come in for him from the god of lande world and he lemented that none of the retched ones round he pause would take his place
	layer_8: then atmedis went into the palace and into the chamberwere's bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of thande world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palce would take his place
	layer_10: then admedis went in to the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the ndllworld and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place
	layer_12: then admedis went in to the palace and into the chamber where his bed was and he lay down upon the bed and he lamented that he would have to go with death that was coming for him from the god of the ondall world and he lamented that none of the wretched ones round the palace would take his place

file: 7641-96684-0018.flac
expected: one should go in your place for you are the king and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_2: one should go on your place for you ar the kine and have many gread fairs to ttento
	layer_4: one should go an you place for you are the ken and have many greata fairs tou atten tou
	layer_6: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to atten to
	layer_8: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend tyo
	layer_10: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to
	layer_12: one should go in your place for you are the keen and have many great affairs to attend to

file: 7641-96684-0019.flac
expected: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_2: now the foot steps seeme to stup
	layer_4: now the footsteps seeme to stop
	layer_6: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_8: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_10: now the footsteps seemed to stop
	layer_12: now the footsteps seemed to stop

file: 7641-96684-0020.flac
expected: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_2: it was not so tairebal for him mes befor
	layer_4: it was not so terble for him as before
	layer_6: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_8: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_10: it was not so terrible for him as before
	layer_12: it was not so terrible for him as before

file: 7641-96684-0021.flac
expected: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_2: and the word s ehe hat sboken he would haf taken back the wor s ad brought her consent to go wath death i his place
	layer_4: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_6: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words tha ad brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_8: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_10: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place
	layer_12: and the words he had spoken he would have taken back the words that had brought her consent to go with death in his place

file: 7641-96684-0022.flac
expected: death would soon be here for her
	layer_2: deat he would soen becher for her
	layer_4: dath the would sun be er for her
	layer_6: dethh would soon be here for her
	layer_8: death would soon be here for her
	layer_10: death would soon be here for her
	layer_12: death would soon be here for her

file: 7641-96684-0023.flac
expected: no not here for he would not have death come into the palace
	layer_2: no not hear for hoe would not have des comeminto the pous
	layer_4: no not her for he would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_6: no not here for yu would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_8: no not here for yo would not have death come into the pouse
	layer_10: no not here for ye would not have death come into the pouce
	layer_12: no not here for you would not have death come into the pouce

file: 7641-96684-0024.flac
expected: he lifted alcestis from the bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_2: he liftod a cest his fromn bed and ecaried er o from the pouse
	layer_4: he lift ted alcesthicst from bed and he carrieder from the pouse
	layer_6: he lifted alcestised from bed and he carried her from the palse
	layer_8: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_10: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace
	layer_12: he lifted alcestus from bed and he carried her from the palace

file: 7641-96684-0025.flac
expected: no more speech came from her
	layer_2: no lr speach came from her
	layer_4: nomor speech came from her
	layer_6: nomore speech came from her
	layer_8: no more speech came from her
	layer_10: no more speech came from her
	layer_12: no more speech came from her

file: 7641-96684-0026.flac
expected: and as for admetus he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which alcestis had lain and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_2: and ows for ad medtercs he went within the chamber an knolt besid te bed on whicsh a cest i sad lain and thoughpet of hi arible los
	layer_4: and as for ad meters he went within the chamber and nelt besidethe bed on which all cest his sadlan and thoughped of his terible los
	layer_6: and as for admeters he went within the chamber and knelt besidethe bed on which ill kest his sadlane and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_8: and as for admeteis he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which au cest his sadlane and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_10: and as for idmeters he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which oucastis sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss
	layer_12: and as for idmetters he went within the chamber and knelt beside the bed on which ocastis sadelaine and thought of his terrible loss

file: 7641-96684-0027.flac
expected: to what god is that sacrifice due
	layer_2: to what gard dis that sac fi s do
	layer_4: to what gar is that sacfice do
	layer_6: to what guad is that sacfice do
	layer_8: to what god does that sacrfice do
	layer_10: to what god does that sacrifice do
	layer_12: to what god does that sacrifice do

file: 7641-96684-0028.flac
expected: and then heracles felt that another labor was before him
	layer_2: and thenroclys felt that nothe laber  was befor him
	layer_4: and then rocles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_6: and then vrockles felt that nother labor was before him
	layer_8: and then vraclis felt that another labor was before him
	layer_10: and then raclus felt that another labor was before him
	layer_12: and then raclus felt that another labor was before him

file: 7641-96684-0029.flac
expected: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards those whom death brings down into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_2: ihve drige d up from l andarld he fhougt the hound tha gards lowse who despran sounn inter the relnm of the garht of thundrld
	layer_4: ihave draged up from the undrld he thought the hound tha gards lows whom deathperene souwn inter the ralm of the god of thunderwald
	layer_6: i have dragged up from the undowrld he thought the hound that guards lows whom deathbrin sound into the relm of the god of the undrold
	layer_8: i have dragged up from the underwrld he thought the hound that guards los whom death brin sound into the realm of the god of the nderworld
	layer_10: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards thoes whom death brin sound into the realm of the god of the underworld
	layer_12: i have dragged up from the underworld he thought the hound that guards thoes whom death bring sound into the realm of the god of the underworld

file: 7641-96684-0030.flac
expected: why should i not strive with death
	layer_2: why shouldi not strioe with death
	layer_4: why should i not strive with death
	layer_6: why should i not strive with death
	layer_8: why should i not strive with death
	layer_10: why should i not strive with death
	layer_12: why should i not strive with death

file: 7641-96684-0031.flac
expected: and what a noble thing it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_2: and waode  noble then it would be to breing back this fate ful woman toer house and to where husbend
	layer_4: and ant e noble thin it would be t bring back this faithful woman to her house and to here husband
	layer_6: and ane a noble theen it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_8: and at a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_10: and what a noble thene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband
	layer_12: and what a noble theene it would be to bring back this faithful woman to her house and to her husband

file: 7641-96684-0032.flac
expected: he left the palace of admetus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_2: he lif the pouse of ead medtese and he winto the cempl of the gards
	layer_4: he left the palase of admeadus and he winto the temple of the gods
	layer_6: he left the palace of admaducs and he went to the tample of the gods
	layer_8: he left the palace of admedrus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_10: he left the palace of edmedus and he went to the temple of the gods
	layer_12: he left the palace of edmedus and he went to the temple of the gods

file: 7641-96684-0033.flac
expected: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_2: you are helld by me doeat and you will notk be let go in less you promisto go forth from this sample with out brening one wih you
	layer_4: you are held by me deth and you will nock belet go and less you promisto go forth from thes stample without brianing one with you
	layer_6: you are held by me eath and you will not be let go anless you promised to go forth from this stample without breaning one with you
	layer_8: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this stample without brenging one with you
	layer_10: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you
	layer_12: you are held by me death and you will not be let go unless you promise to go forth from this temple without bringing one with you

file: 7641-96684-0034.flac
expected: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of the underworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him
	layer_2: and death noing that erracclese could hold im ther and thoat the busnesse omf the gad of manderwald would be left on don of he were held prom es that he oa leaved the tomple with ou brin wone withimg
	layer_4: and death knowing that heraccles could hold him there and that lthe business of the god of manderwld would be left on done if hoe were heald promis that he woeld leaved the toemple without brin one withim
	layer_6: and death knowing that haracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of manderworld would be left un done if heu were held promise that he would leave the temple without brin one with him
	layer_8: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of landerworld would be left undone if he were held promise that he would leave the temple without bring one with him
	layer_10: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of tunderworld would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringng one with him
	layer_12: and death knowing that heracles could hold him there and that the business of the god of tunderwold would be left undone if he were held promised that he would leave the temple without bringing one with him

file: 7641-96684-0035.flac
expected: she was veiled and admetus could not see her features
	layer_2: she was vld an had mendis couldnot sey her feathurs
	layer_4: she was vailed and hadmenis could not see her features
	layer_6: she was veiled and admedice could not see her features
	layer_8: she was veiled and admeice could not see her features
	layer_10: she was veiled and nadmetice could not see her features
	layer_12: she was veiled and ad metice could not see her features

file: 7641-96684-0036.flac
expected: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_2: heris a wil men whomi am bren back to re husmend i on her from enenme
	layer_4: here is a woman who i amd bren back to her husband i one her from an enemy
	layer_6: here is a woman whom i am brin back to her husband i won her from an enemy
	layer_8: here is a woman whom i am bring back to her husband i wan her from an enemy
	layer_10: here is a woman whom i am bringng back to her husband i wun her from an enemy
	layer_12: here is a woman whom i am bringing back to her husband i won her from an enemy

file: 7641-96684-0037.flac
expected: this i cannot do said admetus i have had pangs enough
	layer_2: thisi cannot de sai eren mendis ave had paims anogh
	layer_4: this i cannot do said urn medics a've had pains anough
	layer_6: this i cannot do sai a medic i've had pains enough
	layer_8: this i cannot do suicha medice i've had pains enough
	layer_10: this i cannot do su medis 've had pains enough
	layer_12: this i cannot do su medise i've had pains enough

file: 7641-96684-0038.flac
expected: then admetus raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_2: then at beter sraised the veil of the oman he had tak en  cross of the thir sholde rof his heuvs
	layer_4: then ad metdte sraized the vail of the woman he had takenacross of the thirshold of his houvs
	layer_6: then at metter sraised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thirshould of his house
	layer_8: then at metarse raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the thrsholde of his house
	layer_10: then at metos raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house
	layer_12: then at metos raised the veil of the woman he had taken across the threshold of his house

file: 7641-96252-0000.flac
expected: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wills remains still the same
	layer_2: thus windogmas led it what the man rilly and inganeal wills r main still the same
	layer_4: thus wen dogmas lead it what the man rilly and en general wills remain still the same
	layer_6: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wilves remain still the same
	layer_8: thus when dogmus lead it what the man really and in general wilvs remain still the same
	layer_10: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wils remains still the same
	layer_12: thus when dogmas lead it what the man really and in general wils remains still the same

file: 7641-96252-0001.flac
expected: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_2: for thes ar cavefol anly for lhemselvs for thir on egao ism jusciga bandit from whom ther anly desti wuish by toibserty of their mens
	layer_4: for these are care ful only for themselves for their on eagoism just lie ta bandit from whom they re only disteg uishe by theibserty of their means
	layer_6: for these are careful only for themselves for their own eguism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by theobsurty of their means
	layer_8: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egouism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurty of their means
	layer_10: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means
	layer_12: for these are careful only for themselves for their own egoism just like the bandit from whom they are only distinguished by the absurdity of their means

file: 7641-96252-0002.flac
expected: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dogmas example and custom
	layer_2: the dedes andt conduct oan indovigual and of ination maid be vray much motified to dages exaample andcustom
	layer_4: the deds and conduct of an individual and of ination mayve be very much modifiede tho doges exmple ancustom
	layer_6: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified hough dog was example and custom
	layer_8: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagmas example and custom
	layer_10: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagmas example and custom
	layer_12: the deeds and conduct of an individual and of a nation may be very much modified through dagwas example and custom

file: 7641-96252-0003.flac
expected: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel and another in the bosom of his family
	layer_2: with an equl do gree of woickeness on man may dian tawil an anolherin te bosnm of vis famly
	layer_4: with an equale tdogree of wickeness one man mayd dion the wel and another inth bosm of is famly
	layer_6: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel ind another in the bosom of his family
	layer_8: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family
	layer_10: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family
	layer_12: with an equal degree of wickedness one man may die on the wheel in another in the bosom of his family

file: 7641-96252-0004.flac
expected: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_2: it is conscee abl thi perfect stat or perhaps indeed accompleet and firmnly belev docton of er wars an pounshmentce afterd death light provant every crime politicalyg much would be caimedo theirvy morly nothinge on i thexpression of the will in life would bear strict
	layer_4: it is conceiveable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complet and firmly belive doctron of erwards and punsshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained theirevy morouly nothing onlyr the expression of the will in life would be r stricted
	layer_6: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of ewards and punshments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained their vy morily nothing only the expression of the will in life would be erestricted
	layer_8: it is conceivable thy a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believed doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_10: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted
	layer_12: it is conceivable that a perfect state or perhaps indeed a complete and firmly believe doctrine of rewards and punishments after death might prevent every crime politically much would be gained thereby morally nothing only the expression of the will in life would be restricted

file: 7641-96252-0005.flac
expected: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_2: we who er sek theteri o veirtu and have there fer asit expresso stractly the nathrof the nolge which lise ot itfoundation will et beunable to convay that nalge itself in thi suxpression
	layer_4: we who her seek thethery o virtu and have there for alsito xpressib stractly the natr of the knolidge which lise ot its foundation will yet be anable to convay that molge itself in the suxpression
	layer_6: we who heare seek the theory of virtue and have there fore also to expressive stractly the nature of the knowledge which lies hat its foundation will yet be unable to convey that mollge itself in thi s expression
	layer_8: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express ibstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_10: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression
	layer_12: we who here seek the theory of virtue and have therefore also to express abstractly the nature of the knowledge which lies at its foundation will yet be unable to convey that knowledge itself in this expression

file: 7641-96252-0006.flac
expected: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only belongs to a fleeting and illusive phenomenon
	layer_2: he ses at the  stinction te tween himself ad ellirs which truh the bad man is so great a gafh only blon tho h fleanin and alose of thom ommom
	layer_4: he ses tat the istinction between himself and elars which to the badman is so great o goth only blon throuh a fleandin and looce ofe phanommnom
	layer_6: he sees that the distinction between himself and ellers which too the bad man is so great a gulfh only blond hroug a fleeding and elusive phenomenam
	layer_8: he sees that the distinction between himself and elhers which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenom
	layer_10: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonde through a fleeting and elusive phenomenon
	layer_12: he sees that the distinction between himself and others which to the bad man is so great a gulf only blonde through a fleeting and ellusive phenomenon

file: 7641-96252-0007.flac
expected: he recognises himself his will in every being and consequently also in the sufferer
	layer_2: he vrecon mis hes himself his will an every ben and consiquenly osoein the suffer
	layer_4: he vecon mise his imself his will inever been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_6: he recogmiz his himself his will in ever been and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_8: he recognizes himself his will in ever bean and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_10: he recognizes himself his will in ever ben and consequently also in the suffer
	layer_12: he recognizes himself his will in ever ben and consequently also in the suffer

file: 7641-96252-0008.flac
expected: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_2: but ladders the necescry and i neverd bl simpto of that noge
	layer_4: buthe laders the necessary and inneviredble symptim of that knoge
	layer_6: but the latters the necessary and inevitable symptim of that knowledge
	layer_8: but the latteris the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_10: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge
	layer_12: but the latter is the necessary and inevitable symptom of that knowledge

file: 7641-96252-0009.flac
expected: the opposite of the sting of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_2: the opsced of the stiin of conciens the orgeon an significaincse of whiches explain bove is he goodconcins the sas faction which  experends after every dis intresstid ded
	layer_4: the obsit of the stene of conscience the organ an significantse of which is explainabove is the good conciencs the sosfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_6: the opsit of the sten of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_8: the opposite of the steam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_10: the opposite of the steam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed
	layer_12: the opposite of the steeam of conscience the origin and significance of which is explained above is the good conscience the satisfaction which we experience after every disinterested deed

file: 7641-96252-0010.flac
expected: the good man lives in a world of friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_2: te good man lives in world afrendly invijuals the wel bein ovany of rom herigarsas thesoun
	layer_4: the good man lives and world af friendly inviduals the well be in a any of rhom heragardgs as his own
	layer_6: the good man lives in world of friendly inviduals the well being a vany of whom heregards as his own
	layer_8: the good man lives in world of friendly inviduals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_10: the good man lives in world o friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own
	layer_12: the good man lives in a world o friendly individuals the well being of any of whom he regards as his own

file: 7641-96252-0011.flac
expected: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make his disposition a joyful one yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beings gives him a certain evenness and even serenity of disposition
	layer_2: therefor alow the noge of the lot of men in generally des not ma coulds disposition a joyforne yet the prominin molnge of iso naturin al livinbens gives hiom a cerne eve ness and even srendy of dispisition
	layer_4: therefore althoug the nage of the lot of man kind generally doesnot may alnds disposition ajoyfone yet the prminen molege of his onature an all live in beans give som a cerdin evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_6: therefore although the knoldge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfone yet the permanint mowledge of his ow nature in all living beans gives hime a certin evenness and aven crendy of disposition
	layer_8: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyfan yet the permanent nowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven surendy of disposition
	layer_10: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful n yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven syrendy of disposition
	layer_12: therefore although the knowledge of the lot of mankind generally does not make its disposition a joyful n yet the permanent knowledge of his own nature in all living beans gives him a certain evenness and aven syrendy of disposition

file: 7641-96252-0012.flac
expected: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_2: for t intrest which es extendet innuerbald m infistations conot cas suchingiety as that which his consetrated upunone
	layer_4: for the interesstd which is extended to in neumerbold meinfistations cnnot cause suchinxiety as that which is consertrated upon one
	layer_6: for the interest which ais extended to innumerabled minfastations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is consetrated upon one
	layer_8: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_10: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one
	layer_12: for the interest which is extended to innumerable manifestations cannot cause such anxiety as that which is concentrated upon one

file: 7641-96252-0013.flac
expected: the accidents which concern individuals collectively equalise themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_2: laxidance which consern indvituals clectively equal is imselves wile those which happineg to the perticuler ind viguallaf constut god or bad forton
	layer_4: laxcidence which concern indviduals colectively equalis himselves whilethose which happen to the particular indvidual of constute good or bad fortune
	layer_6: laccidents which concern indviduals collectively equalise hemselves wile those which happene to the particular individual constute good or bad fortune
	layer_8: thaccidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_10: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune
	layer_12: accidents which concern individuals collectively equalize themselves while those which happen to the particular individual constitute good or bad fortune

file: 7641-96252-0014.flac
expected: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no ought or law to prescribe to the eternally free will
	layer_2: thus thogh other's have set of moreal prence pos which lhaygvoutis prsciptiens frovertu and laws whichit was necessarede fl i as has alry been said cannot do this becaus i have no ot or lougt rerescibe to lhuturnily free will
	layer_4: thus though others have set uofp moral princepolls which they gave out is presciptions frvertue and laws which it was necessared folloe i as has alry been said cannot do this because i have kno oght or lot erescibe to the turnaly free will
	layer_6: thus though others have set up moral principoles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessarye d follow i as has alra been said cannot do this because i have no ought or loht rescribed to the iternally free will
	layer_8: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has alreay been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lat rescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_10: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lat prescribed to the eternally free will
	layer_12: thus though others have set up moral principles which they give out as prescriptions for virtue and laws which it was necessary to follow i as has already been said cannot do this because i have no aught or lawt prescribed to the eternally free will

file: 7641-96252-0015.flac
expected: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring the individuality of another to its own
	layer_2: fortho then this it cannout go forlerges tisno reason fo perfurdin th indi vijuady of nmelher to its oun
	layer_4: fortlhe than this it cannot go por largs this no reason for prfered in he individuady of melher to its own
	layer_6: further than this it cannot go for leur exs this no reason for prefered in te individuality of meler to its hown
	layer_8: further than this it cannot go for ler exis no reason for prefering in the individuality of neler to its own
	layer_10: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferringng the individuality of nelher to its own
	layer_12: further than this it cannot go for there exists no reason for preferring i the individuality of nether to its own

file: 7641-96252-0016.flac
expected: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the regard for one's own particular well being
	layer_2: yet the number of other intivituals whose whol happngeser life as andan r maout wayther gard for ons on perticull a well ben
	layer_4: yet the number of other intividuals whose whole happness sir life is eindanger may out wayther gard for ones own perticular well beng
	layer_6: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happness or life is in danger may out wayther guard for one's own particular well beng
	layer_8: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may out weithe reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_10: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the reguard for one's own particular well being
	layer_12: yet the number of other individuals whose whole happiness or life is in danger may outweigh the reguard for one's own particular well being

file: 7641-96252-0017.flac
expected: so died socrates and giordano bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hands of the priests
	layer_2: so did soctes an gear domo bruno and so many hereof the trudt suffere dets at the stake at the hand of the pree
	layer_4: so dide socgies and gur dano brouno and so many heroof the truth sufferd death at the stake at the hand of the pris
	layer_6: so died sokrgees and gerdono bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priest
	layer_8: so diedsocrages and girdano bruno and so many hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_10: so dide socrates and girdono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests
	layer_12: so dide socrates and girodono bruno and so many a hero of the truth suffered death at the stake at the hand of the priests

file: 7641-96252-0018.flac
expected: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own selves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_2: weepen is cordenly sympety wither ownseilves or sempto the directed back on it sorse
	layer_4: weepin is ccordinly simpatly with eur own selves or sempte directed back on it sorce
	layer_6: weepin is acordanatly sympathy with our own celves or symphthy directed back on its source
	layer_8: weeping is accordintly sympathy with our owncelves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_10: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source
	layer_12: weeping is accordingly sympathy with our own celves or sympathy directed back on its source

file: 7641-96252-0019.flac
expected: it is therefore conditional upon the capacity for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_2: it is therefor conditional upon the c castu for lovenseite pathe and olso pon iomaination
	layer_4: it is therefor  conditional upon the copascue for lovinc it pathy and also pon omagination
	layer_6: it is therefor conditional upon the copascue for love and sippathy and also pan imagination
	layer_8: it is therefore conditional upon the capascue for love and sympathy and also pon imagination
	layer_10: it is therefore conditional upon the copascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination
	layer_12: it is therefore conditional upon the cupascue for love and sympathy and also upon imagination

file: 7641-96252-0020.flac
expected: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_2: when we are movd to tears nothrouar own suffering but through that o anmother this happen's as follows
	layer_4: when we are move to tears not throug oure own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_6: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_8: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_10: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows
	layer_12: when we are moved to tears not through our own suffering but through that of another this happens as follows

file: 7641-96252-0021.flac
expected: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very roundabout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_2: eiithe we vivetly put urselves in te place on the suffer  bym magination or see ind his fate the lought of umandi as a whol an const quently firs of all aur own lot and thuson ovay round wout way at is eat always about erselvf sot we wep syimpo the with ourselv eh which w e fealn thi seems to be the prinsporieson of the univer sal and du s nactual weepen in the case of death
	layer_4: eithe we vividly put ourselves in the place the suffer by magination or see ind his fate the lout of uwmandy as a hole andconsequently firs of all aure own lot and thous inavery round bout way it iseet always about orselves that we weep syimpathe with ourselve t which wee feel this seems to be the principolreson of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_6: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in is fate the lot of humandy as a whole undconsequently first of all oure own lot and thus in a very round bout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathye with ourselve which we feel this seems to be the princibal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_8: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole undconsequently first of all our own lot and thus in a very round out way it is yet always about ourselves thoht we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_10: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own thot and thus in a very round vout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death
	layer_12: either we vividly put ourselves in the place of the sufferer by imagination or see in his fate the lot of humanity as a whole and consequently first of all our own lhot and thus in a very round vout way it is yet always about ourselves that we weep sympathy with ourselves which we feel this seems to be the principal reason of the universal and thus natural weeping in the case of death

file: 7641-96252-0022.flac
expected: first of all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wished for deliverance
	layer_2: for soall he sernily weps for the fat of the dad bhat he als weeps wan aftea long havy and in ceareble suffereng deathast to this man awihfor de liverens
	layer_4: for soall he scerainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps win after long heavy and incurble sufferin death was to this man awish for teliverence
	layer_6: for sowall he certinly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alsweeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverince
	layer_8: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he als weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_10: for so al he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he alsoweeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance
	layer_12: for so all he certainly weeps for the fate of the dead but he also weeps when after long heavy and incurable suffering death was to this man a wish for deliverance

file: 7641-96670-0000.flac
expected: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_2: they were in the lande thi speeple said befor the mon had come in to he sky
	layer_4: they were in the land thi speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_6: they were in the land the speople said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_8: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_10: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky
	layer_12: they were in the land this people said before the moon had come into the sky

file: 7641-96670-0001.flac
expected: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with king sesostris stayed in that city of aea and they taught people spells that could stay the moon in her going and coming in her rising and setting
	layer_2: and meny of the mejitions ofvegip to had come with kens esostrese stade id lat sity ovaya and they totpeople spells a could sta the moininr ra goin and comming in aris in an sttting
	layer_4: and many of the magitions of egop two had come with keen osaustreuss stayd id lat cityof aa and they tatpeople spells that could stay the moonina goin and coming in arisin in seting
	layer_6: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen sisaustrus stayed in tat city of aa and they tak people spells that could stay the moonan ae going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_8: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen sesaustrus stayed in that city o aa and they taught people spells that could stay the moon re going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_10: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen cesaustres stayed in that city of ea and they talhkt people spells that could stay the moona ar going and coming in arising and setting
	layer_12: and many of the magicians of egypt who had come with keen cesaustres stayed in that city of aa and they talht people spells that could stay the moon ar going and coming in arising and setting

file: 7641-96670-0002.flac
expected: medea too his wise daughter knew the secrets taught by those who could sway the moon
	layer_2: media two his wis doter mnono the secret s tot by ltowse who could sway the moon
	layer_4: media too his wis daughter nom the secrets tat by thoes who could sway the moon
	layer_6: media too his wise daughter new the secrets taped by lthoe who could sway the moon
	layer_8: media too his wise daughter knew the secrets tagked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_10: media too his wive's daughter knew the secrets taked by those who could sway the moon
	layer_12: medea too his wive's daughter knew the secrets tauked by those who could sway the moon

file: 7641-96670-0003.flac
expected: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamas their grandfather
	layer_2: forjacon was ta grin sonn of crethious and crestious was the brother o ti thamis thei grand falder
	layer_4: for jaton was the gran son of crathius and cruthious was the brother of a thamis their grand folder
	layer_6: for jason was thae grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamis their grandfallter
	layer_8: for jason was the grand son of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_10: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather
	layer_12: for jason was the grandson of cretheus and cretheus was the brother of athamus their grandfather

file: 7641-96670-0004.flac
expected: jason took peleus and telamon with him
	layer_2: jaceene toc peliuse and tealrm on with him
	layer_4: djacen took pellius and tellm on with him
	layer_6: jason took pelius and telemon with him
	layer_8: jason took pelius and telimon with him
	layer_10: jason took pelias and telemon with him
	layer_12: jason took peleus and telimon with him

file: 7641-96670-0005.flac
expected: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phrixus went through the city without being seen
	layer_2: as they came to the city a mist fel and jacten andis commads wit the suns of frictss whenc thru the city withou beenseen
	layer_4: as they came to the city a mist fell and dacen and is comrads with the suns of frictsis went through the city without ben seen
	layer_6: as they came to the city a mist fell and jasen and his comrades with the suns of friccis went through the city without ben seen
	layer_8: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of frizis went through the city without being seen
	layer_10: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriis went through the city without being seen
	layer_12: as they came to the city a mist fell and jason and his comrades with the sons of phriis went through the city without being seen

file: 7641-96670-0006.flac
expected: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_2: the mist liftd and befor the cherls was the wondger of the pose in the brikp lighte of the mornin
	layer_4: the mis lifted and before the herods wa the wonder of the pase in the brighte light of the morning
	layer_6: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the paace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_8: the mist lifted and before the herods was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_10: the mist lifted and before the heros was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning
	layer_12: the mist lifted and before the heroes was the wonder of the palace in the bright light of the morning

file: 7641-96670-0007.flac
expected: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one king a eetes lived with apsyrtus his son and in the other chalciope and medea lived with their handmaidens
	layer_2: onhe side of the cortyaudr war t a pous billins  in one ken ay at i sliv drith b certese his sun and in the ollter chalse eo pay and medyal lied a tor hend matens
	layer_4: on ecside of the courtyat ware the pase buillings itn one ken aetislive duth obsurtice his sun and in the olere chalsehiopey and madia lived thter hand matens
	layer_6: on each side of the court ard ward the palse billings in one kenahadistlived with absurtis his son and in the otherd chalsiope and mediaalived with their hand madens
	layer_8: on each side of the courtyard ward the palace billdings in one kinedslived with absurdis his son and in the other chalsiope and media lived with their hand maidens
	layer_10: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kinas lived with absurdis his son and in the other chalciope and media lived with their handmaidens
	layer_12: on each side of the courtyard were the palace buildings in one kinas lived with absurdis his son and in the other chalciope and media lived with their handmaidens

file: 7641-96670-0008.flac
expected: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hawk and medea saw the hawk's eyes and beak
	layer_2: and then adove thoutard her it was been chase by hok andd medy a saw the hoxis and beak
	layer_4: and then adove thoug tward her it was been chaste by hok and meady asaw the huxise and beak
	layer_6: and then a dove thou toward her it was been chased by hock an medy a saw the hukeyes and beak
	layer_8: and then a dove flew toward her it was beeing chased by a hak and metia saw the huck's eyes and beak
	layer_10: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a hak and metia saw the hock's eyes and beak
	layer_12: and then a dove flew toward her it was being chased by a howck and metia saw the hocks eyes and beak

file: 7641-96670-0009.flac
expected: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_2: we poled way from that place end der after we woere jiven by the wins bac to the mouth of the fuces
	layer_4: we pouled away from that place and their after we were iven by the wins backt io he mouth of the fuses
	layer_6: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the fussis
	layer_8: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phassis
	layer_10: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis
	layer_12: we pulled away from that place and thereafter we were driven by the winds back to the mouth of the phasis

file: 7641-96670-0010.flac
expected: with him there came the mightiest of the heroes of greece
	layer_2: with him their came the mightest of the chers of grece
	layer_4: with him their came th mightest of the shers of greese
	layer_6: with him there came the mightest of the sheos of grece
	layer_8: with him there came the mightest of the sheros of greece
	layer_10: with him there came the mightiest of the sherrows of greece
	layer_12: with him there came the mightiest of the sharows of greece

file: 7641-96670-0011.flac
expected: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sauromatae
	layer_2: al ready he has herd of tyour biterfos the sar mot ie
	layer_4: alrady he has heard of your bitefose the sor mottyi
	layer_6: already he has heard of your bitterphos the sar moti
	layer_8: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sar mati
	layer_10: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sarmatai
	layer_12: already he has heard of your bitter foes the sar matai

file: 7641-96670-0012.flac
expected: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_2: he with is comrads was suodo them fr you
	layer_4: he with his comrad wuld subdo them for yw
	layer_6: he with his comrade woul subdu them for you
	layer_8: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_10: he with his comrades would subdue them for you
	layer_12: he with his comrades would subdue them for you

file: 7641-96670-0013.flac
expected: a eetes's heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_2: it is hart was filled with e rath as yu wlooked upom them and his y showdmes a luperd seies
	layer_4: it is heart was filled with  rath as yhou wloked upon them and his eye shown as  luperd'sis
	layer_6: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shown as a luppard's eyes
	layer_8: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a lebard's eyes
	layer_10: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes
	layer_12: it his heart was filled with wrath as he looked upon them and his eyes shone as a leopard's eyes

file: 7641-96670-0014.flac
expected: and then speaking to the king in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_2: and than speakonto the ken in a quitvose ja san saider
	layer_4: and then speakinto the ken in a quite voice jasteen said
	layer_6: and then speakinto the ken in a quite voice jae and said
	layer_8: and then speakinto the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_10: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said
	layer_12: and then speaking to the keen in a quiet voice jason said

file: 7641-96670-0015.flac
expected: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_2: his hart was divided as tweter he should somon his arm  men and hae lhem slain upon hespougk or whether he should puok ho men togangereby the trile he wound make of them
	layer_4: his heart was divided as toether he should some ing his armed men and have themslain upon the spot or wheather he should put the min to gange aby the trile he woulnd make of them
	layer_6: his heart was divided as to whether he should summan his arm men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them ian to gangea by the trial he would make of them
	layer_8: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_10: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them
	layer_12: his heart was divided as to whether he should summon his armed men and have them slain upon the spot or whether he should put them into danger by the trial he would make of them

file: 7641-96670-0016.flac
expected: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the immortals
	layer_2: it may be that e y artuthy of the ceed of theug mortals
	layer_4: it may be that uare truely of the ced of the mortaels
	layer_6: it may be that ye are truly of the sed of tho mortals
	layer_8: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_10: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals
	layer_12: it may be that ye are truly of the seed of the mortals

file: 7641-96670-0017.flac
expected: and it may be that i shall give you the golden fleece to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_2: and i't ma be  that i shoal giveyu the gomstlyse to beireway aftrive may trilv you
	layer_4: and it may be that i shall give you the gomsliys to bearway after i have may trialv you
	layer_6: and it may be that i shall give you the gomb pleace to bearway after i have made trialof you
	layer_8: and it may be that i shall give you the gome plice to bear away after i have made trial of you
	layer_10: and it may be that i shall give you the gomb plice to bear way after i have made trial of you
	layer_12: and it may be that i shall give you the gomb plice to bear away after i have made trial of you

file: 7641-96670-0018.flac
expected: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_2: sh hantered softly and shestood awayfron wer father and te fore who er speakin withm
	layer_4: sheantered softly and she stoo d away from where father and the fore who were speaking withim
	layer_6: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the fore who were speaking with him
	layer_8: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the foure who were speaking with him
	layer_10: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him
	layer_12: she entered softly and she stood away from her father and the four who were speaking with him

file: 7641-96670-0019.flac
expected: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_2: she had ad dark fay sose med vay estaned by her crounoclmd heir
	layer_4: she had a dark ftayc sos made va strange by her crownof cgomne heir
	layer_6: she had a darkface tos made vary strange by her crown of goln hair
	layer_8: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_10: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair
	layer_12: she had a dark face that was made very strange by her crown of golden hair

file: 7641-96670-0020.flac
expected: know that on the plain of ares yonder i have two fire breathing bulls with feet of brass
	layer_2: no thoat on the plain over asyonder i have too fi brying bolls with fee to bres
	layer_4: no that on the plain overis yonder i have two fir brien buls with feeto bress
	layer_6: no that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fir briing bulls with feet abress
	layer_8: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire brigan bulls with feet apbress
	layer_10: know that on the plan of aris yonder i have two fire briging bulls with feet apress
	layer_12: know that on the plain of aris yonder i have two fire briging bulls with feet apress

file: 7641-96670-0021.flac
expected: then i sowed the furrows not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_2: then i sowd the firws not with to seend that demeter givs but with teieth of  dragon
	layer_4: then i sod the firls not with th sed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragin
	layer_6: then i sowd the furols not with thesed that demiter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_8: then i sowed the furros not with the seed that demeter gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_10: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon
	layer_12: then i sewed the furrows not with the seed that demeater gives but with teeth of a dragon

file: 7641-96670-0022.flac
expected: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit to you and give you the golden fleece
	layer_2: if you con comblisshiuness that ia complisht in days gon by i shall sive mitto and giveyeuth gom fles
	layer_4: if you can complishones that i accomplished in days gone by i shall suvemityou and give you the gome fleese
	layer_6: if you can complish on is that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goen fleece
	layer_8: if you can acomplish  this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit you and give you the goen fleece
	layer_10: if you can acomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit ou and give you the golen fleece
	layer_12: if you can accomplish this that i accomplished in days gone by i shall submit ou and give you the golen fleece

file: 7641-96670-0023.flac
expected: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield aught to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_2: but if yo cannouto complish what i oncsucomplish you shall go for mite ity ampty handed for is not wrighte that  braove man should yeauled oug to one nwho cannot sho himself ais brave
	layer_4: but if you cannouto complish what i wonce a complished you shall go for myscity ampty handed for t is not right that a brave man should yild ot to one n who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_6: but if you cannotccomplish what i ance accomplished you shall go for my city empty handed for t is not writ that a brave man should yield ougpt to one who cannot show himself has brave
	layer_8: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield opt to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_10: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield up to one who cannot show himself as brave
	layer_12: but if you cannot accomplish what i once accomplished you shall go from my city empty handed for it is not right that a brave man should yield up to one who cannot show himself as brave

file: 7641-96670-0024.flac
expected: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_2: then jaton uterly confounded cas is eyes upon yground
	layer_4: then jasen utterly confounded cast his eyes upon teground
	layer_6: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_8: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_10: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground
	layer_12: then jason utterly confounded cast his eyes upon the ground

file: 7641-96670-0025.flac
expected: i will dare this contest monstrous as it is
	layer_2: i wild dare this contest monherecat es he gais
	layer_4: i will dare this contest monts recatas the days
	layer_6: i will dare this contest monhs risatas the days
	layer_8: i will dare this contest monsrousad as the days
	layer_10: i will dare this contest monstrosad as the days
	layer_12: i will dare this contest monstrosad as he days

file: 7641-96670-0026.flac
expected: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_2: as he sand this he sawd eyes afmedia gro wide as with fer
	layer_4: as he said this he saw et eyes ofmedia grow wide as with fear
	layer_6: as he said this he saweth eyes o media grow wide as with fear
	layer_8: as he said this he saw the eyes of metia grow wide as with fear
	layer_10: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear
	layer_12: as he said this he saw the eyes of medea grow wide as with fear

file: 7641-96670-0027.flac
expected: phrontis and melas went to where their mother was
	layer_2: romtis mels went to werdar mother waes
	layer_4: fromtis and melse went to were tnor mother was
	layer_6: fromtics and mel s went to wear ther mother was
	layer_8: promptise and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_10: promtise and mels went to where their mother was
	layer_12: promptise and mels went to where their mother was

file: 4831-25894-0000.flac
expected: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_2: but what caenide sof smalln stipid an shaas i um
	layer_4: but what can ri do so smallen stepit an shy as i am
	layer_6: but what can i do so small an stupid and shy as i am
	layer_8: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_10: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am
	layer_12: but what can i do so small and stupid and shy as i am

file: 4831-25894-0001.flac
expected: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_2: i must fin some way to gif ha littlons a tas crismess
	layer_4: i must find some way to give the little onecs and nise cristmis
	layer_6: i must find some way to give the little one's and nice christmas
	layer_8: i must find some way to give the little one'sa nice christmas
	layer_10: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas
	layer_12: i must find some way to give the little ones a nice christmas

file: 4831-25894-0002.flac
expected: tommo will like to have me go with him and sing while he plays his harp in the streets
	layer_2: tome ol like to have rego ith him en saing wlill he plances hearpind the strets
	layer_4: tuoae liked to have re go ith him on singwhile he places harpend the streets
	layer_6: tumo wld like to have we go with him and sing while he places harp nd the streets
	layer_8: tomma will like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets
	layer_10: tomma will like to have me go with him and sing while he plaes harp in the streets
	layer_12: tomma wild like to have me go with him and sing while he places harp in the streets

file: 4831-25894-0003.flac
expected: yes i will try and then if i do well the little ones shall have a merry christmas
	layer_2: hyes i vwill cti and then if i do wel thelittl on sha have e meary crismens
	layer_4: yes i will try and then if i do well the little oneshall have a mery cristments
	layer_6: yes i will try and then if i do well the little oneshall have a merry christmants
	layer_8: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_10: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas
	layer_12: yes i will try and then if i do well the little one shall have a merry christmas

file: 4831-25894-0004.flac
expected: but see then it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_2: but sevt anit is coldin the strats the wen biht s iom the sno frases onstingers
	layer_4: but sevanet is cald in the streets the win bits in the snow frases onecs tfingers
	layer_6: but see van iet is cold in the streets the wind bites ind the snow phrazes on's fingers
	layer_8: lut se van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow frezes one's fingers
	layer_10: lut se van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers
	layer_12: lut se van it is cold in the streets the wind bites and the snow freezes one's fingers

file: 4831-25894-0005.flac
expected: she thanked tommo and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_2: she thanht tolm mowwand ran awayde toget ready for she fhout sur h ov father would not in fes her inethen
	layer_4: she thank tillmo and ran awaiyd to get ready for she felt sher her father would not mre fese her anything
	layer_6: she thank toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sur her father would not repuse her anything
	layer_8: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not ecluse her anything
	layer_10: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything
	layer_12: she thanked toma and ran away to get ready for she felt sure her father would not refuse her anything

file: 4831-25894-0006.flac
expected: then she washed out little ranza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_2: then sho wased out littlerunsus frack ind put it ad dryed becas se would not te aobwat s doi then extay
	layer_4: then she washed out little runsas frack ind put it toddry becase e woud not the obld'so do at the next day
	layer_6: then she washed out little runs a's frack and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_8: then she washed out little runsa's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_10: then she washed out little ronza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day
	layer_12: then she washed out little ronza's frock and put it to dry because she would not be able to do it the next day

file: 4831-25894-0007.flac
expected: she longed to make the beds and dress the children over night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_2: she long to mae the bd s and drest the children ovfr nig she wasan suchoa huarye to have all an orer but as ect could not pi she sat downdgan an chide of or all thes soun she nou
	layer_4: she long to make the beds and dresstd the children ofver night she was in such a hurrie to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down agan an chied over all the song she knew
	layer_6: she longed to make the beds and dresse the children ofer night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and chid over all the song she knew
	layer_8: she longed to make the beds and dressed the children avr night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and cried over all the songs she knew
	layer_10: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew
	layer_12: she longed to make the beds and dress the children ever night she was in such a hurry to have all in order but as that could not be she sat down again and tried over all the songs she knew

file: 4831-25894-0008.flac
expected: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_2: when she had told her pln peter budary sholo ishad and guhtoa would never do bu tese bake so hared he con sento d hat last that she should chiet fr wont wek and sunter to bet the happ s little groeren nerk
	layer_4: when she had told her plan peter bun ary shook his head and thought o would never do but tesi beg so heard he consented at last that she should chriet for one a week and senter tobet the happy as little gralin the ork
	layer_6: when she had told her plan peter bunary shook his head and thought i would never do butessa beg so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one a week and sent here to bed the happy es little girol in the york
	layer_8: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in nhe york
	layer_10: when she had told her plan peter benari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york
	layer_12: when she had told her plan peter bernari shook his head and thought it would never do but tessa begged so hard he consented at last that she should try it for one week and sent her to bed the happiest little girl in new york

file: 4831-25894-0009.flac
expected: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tommo's mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_2: a sin is her father was con to seflow about im put everything in bmice order telling the childen she was going out for the day ind they were to min tome was mother who whud see a bouthe fir and the ditvter for the god welmen leve tesiu ind inturden to her little plams withtholl her hear
	layer_4: as soin as her father was gone tesiflew about im put every thing in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tome was mother who whuld see about the fire and the dier for the good women leved esa and intered int to her little plams with all her heart
	layer_6: as soon as her father was gone tose flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tume was mother who would see about the fire in the ditter for the good woman love tesa and intered into her little plams with all her heart
	layer_8: as soon as her father was gone testa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire an the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_10: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart
	layer_12: as soon as her father was gone tessa flew about and put everything in nice order telling the children she was going out for the day and they were to mind tom was mother who would see about the fire and the dinner for the good woman loved tessa and entered into her little plans with all her heart

file: 4831-25894-0010.flac
expected: poor tessa's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_2: por tes is heart beet vfastis sheu htruged doay with tommo who slungus hearp over hi shoulder ad gaveher us hand
	layer_4: por teshis heart bet fast as she trage daway with tomo who slungias hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_6: portess's heart beet fast as she truged away with tomo who slung is hearp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_8: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tommo who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_10: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomob who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand
	layer_12: poor tess's heart beat fast as she trudged away with tomob who slung his harp over his shoulder and gave her his hand

file: 4831-25894-0011.flac
expected: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_2: it was rather a durty hand but so kime that te sec countoit aind kivplooking uppat the frend ly broaunfas forne tcragement
	layer_4: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that te sa cung to it and kip looking up at the friendly broundface for in poragement
	layer_6: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that testac cong to it and kipt looking up at the fiendly brown face for encuragement
	layer_8: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tesa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_10: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement
	layer_12: it was rather a dirty hand but so kind that tessa clung to it and kept looking up at the friendly brown face for encouragement

file: 4831-25894-0012.flac
expected: see now have no fear give them bella monica that is merry and will make the laugh whispered tommo tuning his harp
	layer_2: see now have no fer give them be l emonike that is maryan will make the laugh waspre teom o tuning his hurp
	layer_4: see now have no fere give them belamonica that is mari and will make the laugh wasperetormo tuning his harpe
	layer_6: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is mariand will make the laugh whisperetamo toning his harp
	layer_8: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo tuning his harp
	layer_10: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tomo tuning his harp
	layer_12: see now have no fear give them belamonica that is marian will make the laugh whispered tamo turning his harp

file: 4831-25894-0013.flac
expected: one fat old frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_2: hon  fatolvd french moen naned to her ind it seemed to helper very much for shed began to sing befor she thougt and that was the hard has part of it
	layer_4: one i fattled frencheman not ed to her ind it seeme to helper very much for shed began't to sing before she thought and that was the hard is part of it
	layer_6: ene a fattled frienchma nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hard ast part of it
	layer_8: hen fatled frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardes part of it
	layer_10: hone fatt led frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hardest part of it
	layer_12: hone fatt led frenchman nodded to her and it seemed to help her very much for she began to sing before she thought and that was the hartest part of it

file: 4831-25894-0014.flac
expected: but tommo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for they love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_2: bu tombo shock is crly had in amswerd sopernly ye ain si took  ther first or thi love music and r of f or cuntry but uep emong wecreate houses wi shall tot always owell
	layer_4: but tumboshook his curly had an answered soverly yhehes i took you there first for theyr love music and our of our country but up a mong te great houses we shall not always dou well
	layer_6: but tomboshook his curley had an answered soberly yes i took you theyir are first for their love music and ar of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_8: but tombo shook his curley had and answered soberly yes i took you theire first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_10: but tombo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you there first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well
	layer_12: but tambo shook his curly head and answered soberly yes i took you theire first for their love music and are of our country but up among the great houses we shall not always do well

file: 4831-25894-0015.flac
expected: but she had made half a dollar for tommo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_2: butshe hed meade alf adoller for tombere ovit ed the mony farly ind she fhougt rich witheir shaire
	layer_4: but she had made halef a doller for tommerd devid ed the money fairly and she fought rich with her share
	layer_6: but she had made half a dollar for tumwo devided the money fairly and she foelght rich with her share
	layer_8: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_10: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share
	layer_12: but she had made half a dollar for tomo divided the money fairly and she felt rich with her share

file: 4831-25894-0016.flac
expected: her hands were covered with chilblains for she had no mittens but she put them under her shawl and scuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_2: her hands were covered with chilldlains for she had now mintens but she had put themunde her shall and shuffuld marily awayin her bick boots veiling so gla thef the weq was over and nerly threedollers safe ind her pockat
	layer_4: her hands were covered with chil glains for she had no mintens but she had put them under her showl and shuffled marily away in her big boots feeling so glad thet the weqkuwas over and nearly three dollrs safe and her pocket
	layer_6: her hands were covered with chil glaines for she had no mittons but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe ind her pocket
	layer_8: her hands were covered with chill laines for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_10: her hands were covered with chill lains for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket
	layer_12: her hands were covered with chill laines for she had no mittens but she had put them under her shawl and shuffled merrily away in her big boots feeling so glad that the week was over and nearly three dollars safe in her pocket

file: 4831-25894-0017.flac
expected: how gay the streets were that day
	layer_2: ow gad thestrits wor that day
	layer_4: how gae the streets were that day
	layer_6: how gave the streets were that day
	layer_8: how gave the streets where that day
	layer_10: how gae the streets where that day
	layer_12: how gaye the streets where that day

file: 4831-25894-0018.flac
expected: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_2: how bressciveryr on was and how breate the faces leoct as people traded abou with bike baskets holly rats an young ever gran s goint to blosomen tosplunded crismistries
	layer_4: how brisgevery one wis and how bright the faces loocktd as people truaded about with big baskits holly reaths and young ever greens goingto blossom anto splended chrismistres
	layer_6: how brist geveryone wise and how bright the faces looked as people troted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young ever greens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_8: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaeths and young evergreens going to blossem into splendid christmas trees
	layer_10: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees
	layer_12: how brisk every one was and how bright the faces looked as people trotted about with big baskets holly wreaths and young evergreens going to blossom into splendid christmas trees

file: 4831-25894-0019.flac
expected: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_2: but i cant so l fil the sokall fall ind tbe happy saidtesa as shou lokedo wisfuliinto the gastors and saw the heavy bask its co by
	layer_4: but i can't so al fil the saxall full and be happy said tessa as she loked whistfulliinto the ga stors and saw the heavy vaskets co by
	layer_6: but i can't so i'll fill the soks all full and be happy saidtessa as she looked whisfully into the gay stors and saw the heavy vaskets go by
	layer_8: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_10: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by
	layer_12: but i can't so i'll fill the socks all full and be happy said tessa as she looked wistfully into the gay stores and saw the heavy baskets go by

file: 4831-25894-0020.flac
expected: who knows what may happen if we do well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had a plan as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_2: who knos what may happen if fwi you wellverst urne tama oding whisly for he had plaun thas wel as tessa and ket chuckling overdas he ctrurge touo the mid
	layer_4: who knows lhat mae happen if widh you wellvers turne tomma noing wisely for he had plan this well as tesa and kept chukling over t as he trurge though the mid
	layer_6: who knows lhat may happene if would you well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had plan thas well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he trudged through the mud
	layer_8: who knows what may happen if wuld dyo well returned tommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he cudged through the mud
	layer_10: who knows what may happen if we do well returned thommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he cudged through the mud
	layer_12: who knows what may happen if we do well returned thommo nodding wisely for he had planned as well as tessa and kept chuckling over it as he cudged through the mud

file: 4831-25894-0021.flac
expected: we'll try one more street and then go home thou art so tired little one
	layer_2: whl hri en more street in than go home thouar t sotigred littl one
	layer_4: whill tri one more street ind then gohome threre it so tired little one
	layer_6: well try one more street and then go home there a' so tired little one
	layer_8: we'll try one more street and then go home thoyr it so tired little one
	layer_10: we'll try one more street and then go home they ar at so tired little one
	layer_12: we'll try one more street and then go home they are at so tired little one

file: 4831-25894-0022.flac
expected: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_2: at the forth s ome peope at them saing ather sons and gave nothing
	layer_4: at the forth some people at them sing allther songs and gave nothing
	layer_6: at the fourth some people at them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_8: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_10: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing
	layer_12: at the fourth some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing

file: 4831-25894-0023.flac
expected: tessa felt so grateful that without waiting for tommo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_2: tesof flt so greatful that withthout wating for tomo she sanger sweadt d slittle song al lolown
	layer_4: teso felt so greatful that without waiting for tomo she sanger sweeta slittle song all alon
	layer_6: tesstta felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweet as little song all alone
	layer_8: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetes little song all alone
	layer_10: tesa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone
	layer_12: testa felt so grateful that without waiting for tomo she sang her sweetest little song all alone

file: 4831-25894-0024.flac
expected: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_2: alast momemoa said ros and away she wenton to the dining r om closby
	layer_4: i'last mama said rose and away she went into the dinting rom close by
	layer_6: i'llast mama said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_8: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_10: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by
	layer_12: i'll ask mamma said rose and away she went into the dining room close by

file: 4831-25894-0025.flac
expected: as the door opened tessa saw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine in tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_2: as the dor open tesasou at looke to herlik a feryfiest oall solver mogsan flouery plats an ornges an nuts and rosy wine and talglaspicurs and smoking dishes thots not so deliiosly she could not restrain a little sniffof sat tesfaction
	layer_4: as the door opened tesesow wat looked to her likce a fairy theast al silver mugs and flowery plates and ornges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glasspitures and smoking dishes thats mult so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of sat isfection
	layer_6: as the door opened tesasaw what looked to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tal glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_8: as the door opened tessa saw woald look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitcheres and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_10: as the door opened tessa saw whalt look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction
	layer_12: as the door opened tessa saw what look to her like a fairy feast all silver mugs and flowery plates and oranges and nuts and rosy wine and tall glass pitchers and smoking dishes that smelt so deliciously she could not restrain a little sniff of satisfaction

file: 4831-25894-0026.flac
expected: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tommo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_2: aye si shaol come with much gladness indplay as never ind my life bo for  crid tommo with e florsh of the old capf that made the children laugh
	layer_4: ahyes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before crid tommo with a floorsh of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_6: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a floorish of the old capt that made the children laugh
	layer_8: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_10: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh
	layer_12: ah yes i shall come with much gladness and play as never in my life before cried tamo with a flourish of the old cap that made the children laugh

file: 4831-25894-0027.flac
expected: give these to your brothers said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into tessa's hands
	layer_2: yve theyse to yur brother soid the faery pranesteuffing not s an orngesento teses hans
	layer_4: eive these to your brother said the fairy prencestuffing nots and orngesan to teses hands
	layer_6: give these to your brother said the fairy prince tuffing nuts and ornges in to tesst hes hands
	layer_8: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges in to testles hands
	layer_10: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands
	layer_12: give these to your brother said the fairy prince stuffing nuts and oranges into testless hands

file: 4831-25894-0028.flac
expected: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ranza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tessa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_2: al so kinmecso very kiend i have noway o say thinkyou but runs a shall be for you a havend ly angl and i wias sing my heard out for your tre cri chese follding themitns esif she old say r par of theynkefuolnness if she knou how
	layer_4: a so kind so very kind i have noway to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my hard out for your trek cried cesa folding the mittons es if she would say are prair of thinkfulness if she knew how
	layer_6: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsas shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heard out for your trea cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_8: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but runsa shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tesa folding the mittencs as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_10: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tre cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how
	layer_12: ah so kind so very kind i have no way to say thank you but ronza shall be for you a heavenly angel and i will sing my heart out for your tree cried tressa folding the mittens as if she would say a prayer of thankfulness if she knew how

file: 4831-25894-0029.flac
expected: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_2: she got uppirly to see of thoe sock were alr ight and there she foun the most testonisheng saighte
	layer_4: she got uperly to see of the sax were alright and there she found the most estonashing sigt
	layer_6: she got up early to see if the soxk were all right and there she found the most astonishing sighte
	layer_8: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_10: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight
	layer_12: she got up early to see if the socks were all right and there she found the most astonishing sight

file: 4831-25894-0030.flac
expected: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_2: for soxsnssait of three and by the forth pin doubt quit eligetly was a woittle dresst evinnt ly ment for her o ware wolandress all maid an actuale with bright butons on it
	layer_4: four soxensid of three and by the forth pind oubt quite elegently was h little dress evidently meant for her o warm willen dress all maide and actualy with bright butaen's on it
	layer_6: four soxin stait of three and by the fourth pined oubt quite elegantly was he little dress evidently meant for her a warm woll endress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_8: four socxs in stet of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm wollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_10: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it
	layer_12: four socks instead of three and by the fourth pinned out quite elegantly was a little dress evidently meant for her a warm woollen dress all made and actually with bright buttons on it

file: 4831-25894-0031.flac
expected: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumbled all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival on a small scale
	layer_2: tesa scrame d a danset in her dight and uf tom bee all the childein to scrame en dance wit her making hor ragular corn of onet smallskil
	layer_4: tec a scramed adanced in her deight and of tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making aregular corn of onat small scale
	layer_6: tessa screamed an danced in her delight and uf tumble all the children to screame and dance with her making a regular carnovaln small scale
	layer_8: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making i regular carnovl oina small scale
	layer_10: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnivl na small scale
	layer_12: tessa screamed and danced in her delight and up tumble all the children to scream and dance with her making a regular carnival in a small scale

file: 4831-25894-0032.flac
expected: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tommo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made gingerbread into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to full omnibuses
	layer_2: in h er ong staocking she found all sords of tresiures for tome ow had stuftit full of creathings oin his mother had matdingerbet in i every a mauna mble shape fromfhat pigs to fl ondn evesses
	layer_4: in h er ong stocking she found all sorts of treshures for tomeo had stufftit full of crathings on his mother had maydtingerbed into every amaginable shape from tat pigs to follo umnavusses
	layer_6: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasheres for tomo had stuffed at full of cueae things in his mother had madte ingerbed into every imagiable shape from fat pigs to follow umnebuses
	layer_8: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made inger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to fullo umnibusses
	layer_10: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made inger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to ful omnibuses
	layer_12: in her long stocking she found all sorts of treasures for tomo had stuffed it full of queer things and his mother had made tinger bed into every imaginable shape from fat pigs to ful omnibuses

file: 4831-25894-0033.flac
expected: little ranza was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_2: luttle romso was uxcepto with dolight by the kin lady and her childrn and tea soleri the song quidiesily
	layer_4: little ransa was eccepte with delight by the kind lady in her children and tese lern the sung quideasily
	layer_6: little ramsa was axcepted with delight by the kind lady in her children and tesilernd the song quite easily
	layer_8: little ramsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tese learned the song quite easily
	layer_10: little romsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily
	layer_12: little romsa was accepted with delight by the kind lady and her children and tessa learned the song quite easily

file: 4831-25894-0034.flac
expected: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_2: ares from the crout of cholderen gatherd to the festifl
	layer_4: ares from the crowud of children gathered to the festival
	layer_6: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_8: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_10: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival
	layer_12: arose from the crowd of children gathered to the festival

file: 4831-25894-0035.flac
expected: before they went home the kind mamma told tessa she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a seal upon that promise
	layer_2: befor ther went home the kind mam my til tessis s e should be her friend and gave her motherly ckass whiash rm the chous heart and seme to seit i p seal upon that prommiset
	layer_4: before they went home the kind a mo a tol tesesse should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss whaich warme the chis heart an semed to set aceal upon that promis
	layer_6: before they went home the kind mamma told tessishshe should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a pceal upon that promise
	layer_8: before they went home the kind mamma told tessas she should be her friend and gave her motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a pesial upon that promise
	layer_10: before they went home the kind mamma told tessus she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a pisil upon that promise
	layer_12: before they went home the kind mamma told tessis she should be her friend and gave her a motherly kiss which warmed the child's heart and seemed to set a pisil upon that promise

file: 4831-29134-0000.flac
expected: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_2: the seneder took as ceeed in the pulpit with the minastrown one side of him and the suburintended of the sunda se coo on the other
	layer_4: the cenador took hi seed in the pulpet with he ministron one side of him and the supereintended of the sunda scool on the other
	layer_6: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with te miniedron one side of him and the superintendond of the sunday school on the other
	layer_8: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the ministeraon one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_10: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other
	layer_12: the senator took his seat in the pulpit with the minister on one side of him and the superintendent of the sunday school on the other

file: 4831-29134-0001.flac
expected: so awed were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_2: so aud war they by the presence of a livingu niteed state sendeter that during threemiduts noti spit balwas tron
	layer_4: so audware they by the presence of a living younited state sendor that during threeminutes not a spit ballwas thrown
	layer_6: so addwore they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_8: so od were they by the presence of a living united state senator that during three minutes not a spit ball was thrown
	layer_10: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown
	layer_12: so owd were they by the presence of a living united states senator that during three minutes not a spitball was thrown

file: 4831-29134-0002.flac
expected: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and pulling hair
	layer_2: after that theyd begain to come te themselvsd by degres and present ly the spell was holdlygoon and they wore re sighting verses and pully hair
	layer_4: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gon and they were reciting verses ind poly hair
	layer_6: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was holdly gone and they were reciting verses and puly hair
	layer_8: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and polly hair
	layer_10: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair
	layer_12: after that they began to come to themselves by degrees and presently the spell was wholly gone and they were reciting verses and poly hair

file: 4831-29134-0003.flac
expected: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and bored the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_2: the sual sunday scal ecxercises were hurid thro and then the minestirgat up and bord the house with the speachbilts on the cust maryu sun dhey scol plaan thean the superen tendet put in his or a then the tomeding utaries had theirsy
	layer_4: the usual sunday scol exercises were hurried throu and then the minasturgot up and board the house with a speech bilt on the caustmariye sunday scol plan then the superen tendet put in his orand then the tomepding itaries had theire say
	layer_6: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the ministur got up and boared the house with the speech built on the customariy's sunday school plan then the superein tendant put in his ard then the town dingutaries had there say
	layer_8: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and boared the house with a speech built on the customarys sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oard then the town dignitaries had theire say
	layer_10: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oard then the town dignitaries had their say
	layer_12: the usual sunday school exercises were hurried through and then the minister got up and board the house with a speech built on the customary sunday school plan then the superintendent put in his oar then the town dignitaries had their say

file: 4831-29134-0004.flac
expected: am i in some populous centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_2: and iam somepopulus senter of my own country were the choicseus choldrn of the lant have been solected and brugt together as ait a faire for apprise now
	layer_4: and i an some populous center of my own country where the choices children of the land ave been selected and brought together as hat a fair for a prise no
	layer_6: am i am some populous centre of my own country where the choises children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prise no
	layer_8: am i an some populoa centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_10: am i in some popula centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a fair for a prize no
	layer_12: am i in some popula centre of my own country where the choicest children of the land have been selected and brought together as at a ffair for a prize no

file: 4831-29134-0005.flac
expected: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_2: than were ami yes wearia i
	layer_4: than werammy yes weram y
	layer_6: then wheream i yes wheream i
	layer_8: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_10: then where am i yes where am i
	layer_12: then where am i yes where am i

file: 4831-29134-0006.flac
expected: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_2: my so as lost and onder at the thugt
	layer_4: my soul as lost an wonder at the thought
	layer_6: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_8: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_10: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought
	layer_12: my soul is lost in wonder at the thought

file: 4831-29134-0007.flac
expected: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_2: earthas now higre no grander position for my
	layer_4: erth has no highere no grander prosition for me
	layer_6: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_8: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_10: earth has no higher no grander position for me
	layer_12: earth has no higher no grander position for me

file: 4831-29134-0008.flac
expected: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_2: than what is it what ded my conscies niss reply
	layer_4: than what is it what ded my conscious nessreply
	layer_6: than what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_8: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_10: then what is it what did my consciousness reply
	layer_12: then what is it what did my consciousness reply

file: 4831-29134-0009.flac
expected: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_2: o think of that niwl i could hardly keep the tears back i was sogratful
	layer_4: a think of that naw i could hardly keep the tears back i was so gratful
	layer_6: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tear's back i was so grateful
	layer_8: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_10: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful
	layer_12: ah think of that now i could hardly keep the tears back i was so grateful

file: 4831-29134-0010.flac
expected: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_2: they coan not give him ae cossly adgication but they were good and wis and they sentim to the sunde sco he love the sonneascho
	layer_4: they culd not give him a cosly udducation but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunda schol he loved the senday schol
	layer_6: they could not give him accostly education but they were good and wise and they send him to the sunday school he loved thesunday school
	layer_8: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_10: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school
	layer_12: they could not give him a costly education but they were good and wise and they sent him to the sunday school he loved the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0011.flac
expected: i hope you love your sunday school ah i see by your faces that you do that is right
	layer_2: i hope you love your sonedayschool eys see b y your facees that you do that is right
	layer_4: i hope you love your sonday school ey seeve y your faces that you do that is right
	layer_6: i hope you love your sunday school ay seive y your faceis that you do that is right
	layer_8: i hope you love your sunday school ay see by your faceis that you do that is right
	layer_10: i hope you love your sunday school ayh see by your face is that you do that is right
	layer_12: i hope you love your sunday school ah see by your face is that you do that is right

file: 4831-29134-0012.flac
expected: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_2: ilways loveyourteacheres my childrne for they love yi more tha ou can now now
	layer_4: always love your teachures my childrn for they love you more tha you can now now
	layer_6: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_8: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_10: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now
	layer_12: always love your teachers my children for they love you more than you can know now

file: 4831-29134-0013.flac
expected: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_2: and b an by the people made him govener and he sead it was all owing to the s unday schol
	layer_4: and by and by the people made him governer and he seid it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_6: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_8: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_10: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school
	layer_12: and by and by the people made him governor and he said it was all owing to the sunday school

file: 4831-29134-0014.flac
expected: why the people gave him a towering illustrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_2: why the peoplegaive n a towering alustrious position a grand imposeing position
	layer_4: why the people gave him atowering a lestrious position a grand imposing position
	layer_6: why the people gave hi a towering ellustrious phosition a grand imposing position
	layer_8: why the people gave him a towering illustrious phosition a grand imposing position
	layer_10: why the people gave him a towering illustrious phosition a grand imposing position
	layer_12: why the people gave him a towering illustrious phosition a grand imposing position

file: 4831-29134-0015.flac
expected: it was senator of the united states
	layer_2: it was sundeder of the inited states
	layer_4: it was sendedter of the united states
	layer_6: it was sendator of the united states
	layer_8: it was senator of the united states
	layer_10: it was senator of the united states
	layer_12: it was senator of the united states

file: 4831-29134-0016.flac
expected: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_2: tha por lit a boy that levfed his tndtey squal be came that man that man stans before you
	layer_4: that poor loittle boy that leved his seunday shol became that man that man stands before you
	layer_6: that poor little boy that loved his sunday schol became that man that man stands before you
	layer_8: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_10: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you
	layer_12: that poor little boy that loved his sunday school became that man that man stands before you

file: 4831-29134-0017.flac
expected: above all things my children be honest
	layer_2: abolve al things my childrend be ornest
	layer_4: above au things my childrend be onest
	layer_6: above all things my childrent be honest
	layer_8: above all things my children be honest
	layer_10: above all things my children be honest
	layer_12: above all things my children be honest

file: 4831-29134-0018.flac
expected: when senator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_2: whon csunedr dor they doparterd from catt ovil he lef the red oesand boiys behindim errang an cimphaine of life whohise object of point was ee nited stap senit
	layer_4: one sunded or dlwer thy deprted from kattlvill he left the reedoesan boys behind hom arangi an campain of life whose objectove point was teenited stape senet
	layer_6: hen eunderd or dillworthy deparded from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arrangin a campain of life whose ubjective point was the united stape senit
	layer_8: when sendator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campagn of life whose ubjective point was the united state senat
	layer_10: when cenator diworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate
	layer_12: when cenator dilworthy departed from cattleville he left three dozen boys behind him arranging a campaign of life whose objective point was the united states senate

file: 4831-18525-0000.flac
expected: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresden and all our hard work over music won't it be fine though to jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_2: never minme poly suc asper theres all nec somer and aftar wen turn dreston and allur harde work over music on af be find tho s a jon't round tegain an his eys lisend
	layer_4: never mind poly sugch asper there's all nex sumer and aftoura winturendresdon and allaur hard work ov ermusic one af be fine thos a joun't round again and is eyes glistened
	layer_6: never mind polly said casperd there's all next summer and afte our winter n dressdon and all our hard work of er music one hove be fine those ha jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_8: never mind polly said jasperd there's all next summer and after our winter an dresdon and all our hard work over music one o be fine those ho jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_10: never mind polly said jasper there's all next summer and after our winter in dresdon and all our hard work over music one o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened
	layer_12: never mind polly said jaspert there's all next summer and after our winter in dresdon and all our hard work over music on o be fine those who jaunt round again and his eyes glistened

file: 4831-18525-0001.flac
expected: and you'll go on drawing and painting until you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the louvre maybe the louvre cried adela o dear me polly pepper
	layer_2: and yol go njaing and painting tl you get to be a great artistran on poli an thisiastialy and then will se something yovfe d n in the lovfe maypy the loive crete dila oh dear me polle peper
	layer_4: and yol go un jawing and painting till you get to be a great artestran on poly andthusiastigally and then will see something yo've dne in the love ma by the love crite deala oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_6: and yo'l go on jawing and painting till you get to be a great artest ran on polly in thusiastically and then will see something you've done in the loof maybe the loove cridadela oh dear me poly pepper
	layer_8: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done in the loof maybe the loouve cried adela oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_10: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loove cried adila oh dear me polly pepper
	layer_12: and you'll go on drawing and painting till you get to be a great artist ran on polly enthusiastically and then we'll see something you've done and the loof maybe the loov cried adila oh dear me polly pepper

file: 4831-18525-0002.flac
expected: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_2: tomesel whon had ben very sov erduring al this maria chatter and now ing his seeet a crossed the nera ile he drime dhis heels anpatiant la on the flor
	layer_4: tome sel whene had been very soe er durng althis marry chadter and now and his seat a cross the narrow eyle he drimed his heals intpatiently on the floor
	layer_6: tome sellone had been very soeer during all this marrye chater and now in his seat acrossd the narrow eisle he drimmed his heels imdpatiently on the floor
	layer_8: tom sel won had been very sover during all this married chatter and now in his seat across the narrow isle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_10: tom selwon had been very sober during all this marry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor
	layer_12: tom selwyn had been very sober during all this merry chatter and now in his seat across the narrow aisle he drummed his heels impatiently on the floor

file: 4831-18525-0003.flac
expected: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it's just this tom
	layer_2: what s uplittl mother as tom insuprise at hernusual manner it sis this tomb
	layer_4: what's up little mother aske tom in suprise at her an usual manner it sis this tom
	layer_6: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her nusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_8: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_10: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom
	layer_12: what's up little mother asked tom in surprise at her unusual manner it sis this tom

file: 4831-18525-0004.flac
expected: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was a completed story the jubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_2: when the newsewas circulatid as it was prety sone that the party was not to be brokan into at all t o paras was icomple det story the duvlation was sucius to satisfi even tom
	layer_4: when the news was circulatet as it was prety sooun that the party was not to be brok an into it all tllparise was ti completed story the dubilation was suchus to satisfyg even tome
	layer_6: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the juvlation was suchias to satisfy even tom
	layer_8: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was tha completed story the gubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_10: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was ta completed story the gubilation was such as to satisfy even tom
	layer_12: when the news was circulated as it was pretty soon that the party was not to be broken into at all till paris was the completed story the gubilation was such as to satisfy even tom

file: 4831-18525-0005.flac
expected: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_2: i ison it oats puse bens and barly cgro cri poly as they wache d the intentily
	layer_4: isent it oats pese beans and barly grow cried poly as they watched themontently
	layer_6: h isn't it oats peasebeans and barly grow cried polly as they watched them ontemntly
	layer_8: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barleye gro cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_10: oh isn't it oates peasbeans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently
	layer_12: oh isn't it oats peas beans and barley grow cried polly as they watched them intently

file: 4831-18525-0006.flac
expected: and his long arm went out and picked a jacket end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_2: and his long oarm whent oud and pickto jack andend ofin erchon whot incociously regarding such qlieat travelrs as not werth minding had hoaver tunnyear al trind to tesed the girls
	layer_4: and his long arm whent ouat and pickd to jackedend of an earchane who incatiously regarding such quiet travellors thas not worth minding had hover to earo il trind to tes the girls
	layer_6: and his long arm went out and pickd to jacedend of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers thas not worth minding had hovered toon ear while trying to teas the girls
	layer_8: and his long arm went out and picked a jack ad end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_10: and his long arm went out and picked a jacked end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls
	layer_12: and his long arm went out and picked a jacked end of an urchin who incautiously regarding such quiet travellers as not worth minding had hovered too near while trying to tease the girls

file: 4831-18525-0007.flac
expected: and presently a woman came and took little blue pinafore off and then the rest of the girls unclasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_2: and presntly a womend cameen sook littlebolup in a for offh and then the rest eof the girols ute clastpd their hans and the ring meltrd away ind the game wasover
	layer_4: and presently a woman camein took little bloup in a fore off and then the rest of the girls uden clas their hands and the ring melted away ind the game was over
	layer_6: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin a for off and then the rest of the girls utdenclasped their hands and the ring melted away an the game was over
	layer_8: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin af for off and then the rest of the girls uen clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_10: and presently a woman came and took little blue pin afour off and then the rest of the girls udn clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over
	layer_12: and presently a woman came and took little blue pen afoure off and then the rest of the girls udn clasped their hands and the ring melted away and the game was over

file: 4831-18525-0008.flac
expected: i'm glad the girls over here have fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_2: in gled the girls over her hav fun sad poally as grampupane his party movedof is in it nice to think fidou
	layer_4: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grampapon his party move doff is n' it nice to think thi do
	layer_6: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as gramp apoa in his party moved off isn't at nice to think they do
	layer_8: i'm glad the girls over here half fun said polly as grand papa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_10: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do
	layer_12: i'm glad the girl's over here half fun said polly as grandpapa and his party moved off isn't it nice to think they do

file: 4831-18525-0009.flac
expected: two or three days of rest at martigny put everybody in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behindhand
	layer_2: to woredth redays of rest at mart ne put ive reone in cood shape and gaive the m oll abut haf time to pike up on many little things that wor  behind hand
	layer_4: twoar threedays of resed at martine put everyone in gouod shape and gave the allabut of time to pick up on many little things that wereofd behind hand
	layer_6: two or three days of rest at martiney put everyone in good shape and gave them alla bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_8: two or three days of rest at martni put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_10: two or three days of rest at martini put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand
	layer_12: two or three days of rest at martini put every one in good shape and gave them all a bit of time to pick up on many little things that were behind hand

file: 4831-18525-0010.flac
expected: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i am going to begin on joel's
	layer_2: that's my theird let ter poly and ounts jasper ond the other sit of the table nown going to begint un jouls
	layer_4: that's my third letter poly andnouns jasbert on the other side of the table now an going to began unjols
	layer_6: that's my third letter polly announced jaspert on the other side of the table now am going to begin on jols
	layer_8: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_10: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles
	layer_12: that's my third letter polly announced jasper on the other side of the table now i'm going to begin on joles

file: 4831-18525-0011.flac
expected: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished jasper
	layer_2: one to said poly coaunning why r thought ad writen three whale this wan his most finnishe jesper
	layer_4: one too said poli countning why i thought id written three whle this wone is must finishe desper
	layer_6: one too said polycountning why i thought i'd written three whell this one is most finish desper
	layer_8: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_10: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper
	layer_12: one two said polly counting why i thought i'd written three well this one is most finished desper

file: 4831-18525-0012.flac
expected: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_2: dar suid toemn tolidetot thike that no terabowrdsout had rillyin sid from his words that aufter they wereout had scare him mightly
	layer_4: dare said tome elide to thik that no terribolrds ult had reallyanseed from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_6: dare said tome delighted to think that no terrible wrdsault had really ansued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightaily
	layer_8: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_10: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily
	layer_12: dare said tom delighted to think that no terrible result had really ensued from his words that after they were out had scared him mightily

file: 4831-18525-0013.flac
expected: i'll post yours too polly give them here
	layer_2: i post ora topol give tem her
	layer_4: i'll post ouor too poly give the here
	layer_6: ill post tyo ours too poly give them here
	layer_8: i'll post tour two poly give them here
	layer_10: i'll post to our stwo poly give them here
	layer_12: i'll post to our two poly give them here

file: 4831-18525-0014.flac
expected: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a franc out of joel's little money bag that hung at her belt
	layer_2: then his fa sbrightent and he said and she s right poly whal polly fishdtor frank out of jhols liut le mony bag that hung in her belts
	layer_4: than his face brightened and he said and she's right poly whil poly fished o fren out of jels little money bagd that hung in her belt
	layer_6: then his face brightened and he said and she's wright polly while polly fished u frank out of jols little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_8: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frak out of jowl's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_10: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jole's little money bag that hung in her belt
	layer_12: then his face brightened and he said and she's right polly while polly fished a frank out of jole's little money bag that hung in her belt

file: 4831-18525-0015.flac
expected: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on as he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for joel's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_2: doget the stamse pleace jsper im put the mone and he took upher two letters and she gave the baggalitl pat for jl sake whisshingut was his stovbe black haire that ter fingers co touch
	layer_4: do get the stamps pleased jasper in put themon and he took up er two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jel sake wishing it was his steby black aire that her fingers col touch
	layer_6: do get the stamps please jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jolsake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers coud touch
	layer_8: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jol's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_10: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jowl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch
	layer_12: do get the stamps pleased jasper and put them on and he took up her two letters and she gave the bag a little pat for jowl's sake wishing it was his stubby black hair that her fingers could touch

file: 4831-18525-0016.flac
expected: i don't know where we are going to get nice white paper for our round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_2: i do' no wer we ar goin to gant iswat paper fore a round roben sad poly leaning her al blos on the table ind her chin in er hans i now a jaculatid tim worling on his heel and dashing olt
	layer_4: i do' now wer we are going to gait ice wite paper foro round robin said poly leaning her elbles on the table ind her chin in her hands i know a jacculated tome worlling on his hel and deshing out
	layer_6: i don't know were we are going to get nicewit paper for oaround robin said polly leaning her elbless on the table ind her chin in her hands i know ajaculated tom wirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_8: i don't know where we are going to get nice wate paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elblows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_10: i don't know where we are going to get nice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out
	layer_12: i don't know where we are going to get nice wat paper for a round robin said polly leaning her elbows on the table and her chin in her hands i know ejaculated tom whirling on his heel and dashing out

file: 4831-18525-0017.flac
expected: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_2: i wha't polly too said fronsy rigling awayfrom the pend that polly howd at alouringly
	layer_4: i whant poly to said fronsy rigling away from the pend that poly howd out a learingly
	layer_6: i want polly too said fronzy riggling away from the pen that polly how d out aloaringly
	layer_8: i want polly too said phrosie wriggling away from the pen that polly hewed out alluaringly
	layer_10: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly
	layer_12: i want polly to said phronsie wriggling away from the pen that polly held out alluringly

file: 4831-18525-0018.flac
expected: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell to scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running down hill
	layer_2: fromsy who haden heard wout poly sad her small had being full of the rsfonsability of beginning the inportn letter and could sidering sinse it was to be don it was best to have it over withi sin is pospble fhellt as cribling haletters us fasis she cd alf en oronning down hil
	layer_4: fromsy who had ent heard what poly said her small had being full of the responsibility of beginning the importan letter and couldsidering since it was to be done it was bles to have it over with as soon as possible feltiscribling the letters ais fast as she could allv em running down hill
	layer_6: fromzi who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was besst to have it over with as soon as possible felt ascribbling the letters as fast as she could all them running down hill
	layer_8: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small hed being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible felt o scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_10: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fellt a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill
	layer_12: phronsie who hadn't heard what polly said her small head being full of the responsibility of beginning the important letter and considering since it was to be done it was best to have it over with as soon as possible fell a scribbling the letters as fast as she could all of them running downhill

file: 4831-18525-0019.flac
expected: it's all right granddaddy'll like it he said
	layer_2: it'sorigt gran dathial i clnd he said
	layer_4: it's alright grane dathe li cet he said
	layer_6: it's all right grandatiael lik coed he said
	layer_8: it's all right grand adiell like it he said
	layer_10: it's all right gran diadiel like it he said
	layer_12: it's all right gran diadiel like it he said

file: 4831-18525-0020.flac
expected: i tell you you don't know my granddaddy he's got lots of fun in him he added
	layer_2: i till you ou don't kno my grand dady hes cat lot o fun in him h at i
	layer_4: i tell y you don't know my gran dady he's cat lot to funt in him he ad et
	layer_6: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's caut lot to fun in him he added
	layer_8: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's goght lot to fun in him he added
	layer_10: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gought lots of fun in him he added
	layer_12: i tell ye you don't know my grand daddy he's gouht lots of fun in him he added

file: 4831-18525-0021.flac
expected: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_2: i win't crint any mord to clar fronsy waeping off the las er trailing down her nows
	layer_4: i woln't crit any more to clare fronsy wiping off the last ther trailing down her nos
	layer_6: i won't cri any more declared fronzy wifping off the last ter trailing down her nos
	layer_8: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_10: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose
	layer_12: i won't cry any more declared phronsie wiping off the last tear trailing down her nose

file: 4831-18525-0022.flac
expected: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_2: thenni shal be alas well as ever sad poly kising te wat lilttleface
	layer_4: then i shall be all as well as ever said poly kissing the what little face
	layer_6: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_8: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_10: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face
	layer_12: then i shall be all as well as ever said polly kissing the wet little face

file: 4831-18525-0023.flac
expected: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_2: we must foun in whet appictres tad poley trind o makeherself chery as the warq uen vusonlion
	layer_4: we must put in when le pictures that paly trind to makerself chery as the work ene vusolion
	layer_6: we must put in litt'll picture said polley trying to make hurself chery as the work wone vizilyon
	layer_8: we must put in little picture said polly trying to make hourself cheery as the work wen visily on
	layer_10: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on
	layer_12: we must put in little pictures said polly trying to make herself cheery as the work went busily on

file: 4831-18525-0024.flac
expected: polly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_2: pall you always dou think of the best things ucclame jasper beming an her which matter tri harde tha n ever to smile
	layer_4: poly you always do think of the best things s ucclaime jasper beaming an her which madter try hardto than ever to smile
	layer_6: poly you always do think of the best things exlaimed jasper beaming an her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_8: poll you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_10: poly you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile
	layer_12: pola you always do think of the best things exclaimed jasper beaming at her which made her try harder than ever to smile

file: 4831-18525-0025.flac
expected: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the gingerbread boy
	layer_2: i wulnt' feil se obatly polly hem inigh to aspern fronsy was o sor with their work hell it e uproll wy just os fothe did the ch incered boy
	layer_4: i wouln't feel sobatly poly he maniged to a sper one fronsy was obsord wit er work hill it ould prolbwy just as father did the cginch bred boy
	layer_6: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to ha sper when fronzy was absorved with her work hell lik outd probly just as father did the ginchbread boy
	layer_8: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronzi was absorbed with her work hell like it probly just as father did the cinch bred boy
	layer_10: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'l like it probably just as father did the ginch bread boy
	layer_12: i wouldn't feel so badly polly he managed to whisper when phronsie was absorbed with her work he'll like it probably just as father did the ginch bread boy

file: 4831-18525-0026.flac
expected: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper drily halloo just look at him now
	layer_2: he seem sou a complish something every tim e gos ob serve jasper drily holou cju sliokan i now
	layer_4: he seem sto accomplish something every tie e gos ob serve jaspber drily aloug justliok an him nolw
	layer_6: he seemds to accomplishe something every time e gos observe jasper dryly ello just lok at him now
	layer_8: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_10: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now
	layer_12: he seems to accomplish something every time he goes observed jasper dryly hello just look at him now

file: 4831-18525-0027.flac
expected: o dear me exclaimed adela as her scissors slipped now you've joggled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_2: o dyeare me exculaime to deaila as her sys ar slit now yove jok of the taple again than she cupolliys i
	layer_4: oh dear me exclaimed to dala as her sisar' slippt naw yo've jakof the taple again then she cuht polliyes i
	layer_6: oh dear me exclaimed ta dela as her sissor slipped now yo've jooe the taple again then she caught polly's eie
	layer_8: oh dear me exclaimed tedela as her scissor slipped now you've jo kle the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_10: oh dear me exclaimed tadela as her scissor slipped now you've jokled the table again then she caught polly's eye
	layer_12: oh dear me exclaimed tedela as her scissor slipped now you've jokled the table again then she caught polly's eye

file: 4831-18525-0028.flac
expected: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thanks
	layer_2: rather not much o blicee tom bobpedi s things
	layer_4: rather nat much ofb lichd tom bobd is thinks
	layer_6: rather not much obliged tom bobbdis thinks
	layer_8: rather not much obliged tom bobbed is thinks
	layer_10: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thinks
	layer_12: rather not much obliged tom bobbed his thinks

file: 4831-18525-0029.flac
expected: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_2: piture after picture cut form ral rod gid bocks illstrated papers and it seeme to jes pergather d as if by magic with couning little fougt agras brok up the letter and wound in e nowt with funy an thaiming detal of some of their jurny
	layer_4: picture after picture cut from rail rod gid books illistrated papers and it seemed to jaspergathered is if by majic with cunning little futagrafhs broke up the letter and wauandin an out with funny and tharming detal of some of their journey
	layer_6: picture after picture cut from rail road guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs brok up the letter and welnd in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_8: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and woluned in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_10: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey
	layer_12: picture after picture cut from railroad guide books illustrated papers and it seemed to jasper gathered as if by magic with cunning little photographs broke up the letter and wound in and out with funny and charming detail of some of their journey

file: 4831-18525-0030.flac
expected: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i venture to say he'll like that the best of all
	layer_2: the rest of it his nace wasprejesper and eventhorld tdo say that hol like that the best of al
	layer_4: the restof it is nice wasper jesper and aventhured to say that hol like that the best of all
	layer_6: the rest of it is nice wisperedjespere and aventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_8: the rest of it is nice whispered jasperd and he ventured to say that holl like that the best of all
	layer_10: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i ventured to say that hul like that the best of all
	layer_12: the rest of it is nice whispered jasper and i ventured to say that hel like that the best of all

file: 4831-18525-0031.flac
expected: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write me a letter sometime
	layer_2: mister king thout so too ny beamed it fronsy so you did he crid nao that's fian i washou reiht knel eter sometid
	layer_4: mister king thought so too any beamed at fronsy so you did he cried no that's fin i wash you'd rit nea l etter sometie
	layer_6: mister king thought so too enhe beamed at fhronzy so you did he cried now that's fine i wash you'd writ nea letter sometime
	layer_8: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nea letter sometime
	layer_10: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nee letter sometime
	layer_12: mister king thought so too and he beamed at phronsie so you did he cried now that's fine i wish you'd write nee letter sometime

file: 5849-50964-0000.flac
expected: i don't know how to say good by to you nellie told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_2: i don' a hat a sae oud bid hy mal y told dorfthy an nenn ex morning
	layer_4: i don't tno ha a say god bid hyou mellye told dorthy an an ext morning
	layer_6: i don't know ha to say good bide you mellyu told dorothy and en ext morning
	layer_8: i don't know how to say good bye deo you melly told dorothy and an next morning
	layer_10: i don't know how to say good bye to you mely told dorothy and nan next morning
	layer_12: i don't know how to say good bye to you melly told dorothy and nan next morning

file: 5849-50964-0001.flac
expected: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_2: o tat wobe spelended teclardinan
	layer_4: oh that will be sflendid declaredinan
	layer_6: oh that will be splended declared nan
	layer_8: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_10: oh that will be splendid declared nan
	layer_12: oh that will be splendid declared nan

file: 5849-50964-0002.flac
expected: you are quite rich now aren't you remarked dorothy
	layer_2: your quit wrich now r you remantory
	layer_4: youre quite righ now ar you rematdortthy
	layer_6: you ar quite righ now ar you remadorthy
	layer_8: you are quite rich now are you remarked dorothy
	layer_10: you are quite rich now art you remarked dorothy
	layer_12: you are quite rich now ert you remarked dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0003.flac
expected: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters
	layer_2: and dorti when oupen da wng the room wike the picurs of sindderealas prod sisturs
	layer_4: and dorfy whent oupen dawon the room whike the picturs of sinderelloas proud sisters
	layer_6: and dorthy went up and da on the room wike the picers of cinderelas proud sisters
	layer_8: and dorothy went up and dow n the room like the picturs of cindarella's proud sisters
	layer_10: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cindarella's proud sisters
	layer_12: and dorothy went up and down the room like the pictures of cinderella's proud sisters

file: 5849-50964-0004.flac
expected: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_2: a we wild bhe yaun hand tinkyo wia plied the jokin dory
	layer_4: and we will deyom hand thank you wee plied the joking dorthy
	layer_6: and we will de on hand thank you eplied the joking dorthy
	layer_8: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_10: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy
	layer_12: and we will be on hand thank you replied the joking dorothy

file: 5849-50964-0005.flac
expected: come nellie called missus mc laughlin i am ready where is your hat
	layer_2: come naewly cald misss le gocklin im ready wheres yor hat
	layer_4: come nelliy calld missus  glocklin im ready wheres your hat
	layer_6: come nelly called missu  glockland i am ready where's your hat
	layer_8: come nelly called missus glockland i'm ready where's your hat
	layer_10: come nelli called missus mglockland i 'm ready where's your hat
	layer_12: come nellie called missus mglockland i'm ready where's your hat

file: 5849-50964-0006.flac
expected: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him
	layer_2: we might be ble to manige that too nally tald him
	layer_4: we might beaile to manage that too nally told him
	layer_6: we might be il to manage that too nely told him
	layer_8: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_10: we might be able to manage that too nelli told him
	layer_12: we might be able to manage that too nellie told him

file: 5849-50964-0007.flac
expected: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_2: my auncl s a firemen and he contake afthroug ti his engin house
	layer_4: my unchle is a firemen and he contake a strougth his engen house
	layer_6: my uncle is a firemen and he can take u throughth his engion house
	layer_8: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engine house
	layer_10: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engon house
	layer_12: my uncle is a fireman and he can take us through his engone house

file: 5849-50964-0008.flac
expected: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_2: mose of the my gas inserd brt
	layer_4: most of the my gas insered birt
	layer_6: most of them igass answered bert
	layer_8: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_10: most of them i guess answered bert
	layer_12: most of them ie guess answered bert

file: 5849-50964-0009.flac
expected: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_2: wll we have had a good thecation and i wil ing to goetowaork gain
	layer_4: well we have had a good be cation and im willing to go towork gain
	layer_6: well we have had a good vication and i 'm willing to go to workagain
	layer_8: well we have had a good vocation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_10: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again
	layer_12: well we have had a good vacation and i am willing to go to work again

file: 5849-50964-0010.flac
expected: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_2: so  my declarednan bekation was just long an af ihte thint
	layer_4: so a my declared nan becation was just lung an aufighe think
	layer_6: so a my declared nan becation was just long and i fi' think
	layer_8: so am i declared nann vacation was just long enouf i think
	layer_10: so am i declared nan vacation was just long enough i think
	layer_12: so am i declared nan vacation was jus long enough i think

file: 5849-50964-0011.flac
expected: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddie and flossie were busy packing up
	layer_2: mister bobse was down from the city of coursd to take the feanm ly home and now all hans even freaty in plosy were bishy pracng p
	layer_4: mister bobse was down from the city of course to take the fanly home and now all hands even fredy an fploshy were busy pracking ep
	layer_6: mister bobsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fredy and flosy were busy packing up
	layer_8: mister bobbsy was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even fredty and flossy were busy packing up
	layer_10: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosi were busy packing up
	layer_12: mister bobbsey was down from the city of course to take the family home and now all hands even freddy and plosi were busy packing up

file: 5849-50964-0012.flac
expected: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoop the cat
	layer_2: theryewere the shells to welookedacteri the fishonats besides downy the duck and snenet the cat
	layer_4: there were the shels to we looked after the fishnats besides downi the duck and snat the cat
	layer_6: there were the shells to we looked after the fishnets besides downy the duck and snoped the cat
	layer_8: there were the shells t be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and soked the cat
	layer_10: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoope the cat
	layer_12: there were the shells to be looked after the fish nets besides downy the duck and snoope the cat

file: 5849-50964-0013.flac
expected: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_2: and so r little friens had spent all thei recation
	layer_4: and so are little friends had spent all their recation
	layer_6: and so or little friends had spent all their vecation
	layer_8: and so our little friends had spent all their vocation
	layer_10: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation
	layer_12: and so our little friends had spent all their vacation

file: 5849-50873-0000.flac
expected: captain bull the commander of a small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_2: cafetimbul the comander of of smlnl gar a son at saborook permitive him to lan but when the govern of by gan to reed his commition bul ordered him to be silent
	layer_4: cafptaim bol the comander of a smallgareson at saborook peromitted him to lan but when the governa begain to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_6: captain bol the commander of a small garison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the govern o began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_8: captain bul the commander of a small garison at saybrok permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_10: captain bull the commander of ta small garrison at sabrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent
	layer_12: captain bul the commander of te small garrison at saybrook permitted him to land but when the governor began to read his commission bull ordered him to be silent

file: 5849-50873-0001.flac
expected: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gasped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he has grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_2: wheat as happined mister prince wals werth anset for he hud see thut the man lw as great lekcited govener anderowsas com again gast nmester prince why should that al lar mus the fellow thoughl giv in to bosting is not d angrous or  liabl tha pute thireats into exaketion but he is gronded indurouss oclared mister prince the livbertis of the coleny ear n vold
	layer_4: wheat is happend mister prince whils werth asked for he touldce that the man lwas greatly excited govern hr androwsas come again guest mister prince why should that a larmus the fellow though give into bosting is not dangrous or a liable to putes threts into execution but he his grown daenjerus declared mister prince the liberdies of the collonyar invald
	layer_6: what has happened mister prince wis worth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor andros has come again gueseped mister prince why should that alarmas the fellow thoug given to boasting is not dangerous oralliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dinderes declared mister prince the liberties of the colony ere invaled
	layer_8: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though givento boasting is not dangerous or aliable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_10: what has happened mister prince wasworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown daangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved
	layer_12: what has happened mister prince wadsworth asked for he could see that the man was greatly excited governor androws has come again guassped mister prince why should that alarm us the fellow though given to boasting is not dangerous or liable to put his threats into execution but he as grown dangerous declared mister prince the liberties of the colony are involved

file: 5849-50873-0002.flac
expected: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_2: capt in wades werof became i little unansy though he was still in clind tol treet the matter lightly
	layer_4: captain wads wrt became a little eneasy though he was still inclined to treet the matter lightly
	layer_6: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_8: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_10: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly
	layer_12: captain wadsworth became a little uneasy though he was still inclined to treat the matter lightly

file: 5849-50873-0003.flac
expected: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political rights
	layer_2: we have subranlya hwuse to yedtlare churter volantarly ford is the gartynovher politicle brighs
	layer_4: we have stubrenly wi fused to yeeld aur charter vall unteriley forit is the guardy anovher politticale brights
	layer_6: we have stubborinly refused to yield our charter alluntarily forw it is the guardy anovher poliical brights
	layer_8: we have stubbornly refused to yield our chard or voluntarily for it is the guardian ofthour political brihts
	layer_10: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brites
	layer_12: we have stubbornly refused to yield our charter voluntarily for it is the guardian of our political brites

file: 5849-50873-0004.flac
expected: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viceroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_2: that is tre capin wads wer efh conte edmisterprince and to sodeore stevere ness this pvisry has comed to heart ferd whath sixty ond men to dhe mand the surrender of the chrder an person
	layer_4: that as true kapin wads worth contonuedmister prince and to sub do ore stov ereness this visroy has come to heartferrd with sixty arnd men to deman the surender of the charder ind person
	layer_6: that is true capin wads worth continued mister prince and to subdue our stovurniss this visroy has come to heart forrd with sixty arned men to demand the currender of the charter in person
	layer_8: that is true captin wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stuboeriness this visro has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_10: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this vitroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person
	layer_12: that is true captain wadsworth continued mister prince and to subdue our stubbornness this viteroy has come to hartford with sixty armed men to demand the surrender of the charter in person

file: 5849-50873-0005.flac
expected: captain wadsworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_2: ceptan waswerv founded to was sfe in a rage and placing has hand on the heltf of is swor declard he shald ot hobi
	layer_4: captain was wert founded to hi sfeet in a rage and placing his hand on the hielt of his sord declared he shal not habit
	layer_6: captain was w founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_8: captain waswr founded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilth of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_10: captain wasorth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it
	layer_12: captain wasworth bounded to his feet in a rage and placing his hand on the hilt of his sword declared he shall not have it

file: 5849-50873-0006.flac
expected: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaged in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_2: the daye as well my sfent when he arives and the members wereng deved in a heted to beat hon a subject of the untmostin portns
	layer_4: the day was well misfent when he arrives and the members were ing deved in a heated to bate hon a subject of the untmostimportance
	layer_6: the day was well ni pent when he arrived and the members were indethed in aheated tobat on a subject of the untmost importance
	layer_8: the day was well ni spent when he arrived and the members were endeathed in a heated debat on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_10: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engaathed in a heated debat on a subject of the utmost importance
	layer_12: the day was well nigh spent when he arrived and the members were engathed in a heated debate on a subject of the utmost importance

file: 5849-50873-0007.flac
expected: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_2: he consemeted how ever to  waide the dhe scushon but the soomeos hat was ended he tde clared thy he would hauve the thurter
	layer_4: he consemted however to awaigt de descussion wbut the sooa that was ended he declare that he would hod the churter
	layer_6: he concepted however to await the discussion wut ta son as tit was ended he declared that he would havse the charter
	layer_8: he consempted however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_10: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter
	layer_12: he consented however to await the discussion but as soon as it was ended he declared that he would have the charter

file: 5849-50873-0008.flac
expected: after the captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_2: after that capt in had taken toowoer hre turncs of cross the room he ponse hn ast
	layer_4: after that captain had taken to er three turance o cross the room he pause hen tased
	layer_6: after that captain had taken two or threeturints across the room he paused and masked
	layer_8: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and asked
	layer_10: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and masked
	layer_12: after that captain had taken two or three turns across the room he paused and masked

file: 5849-50873-0009.flac
expected: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_2: wat is the a smlyd doin angeagedin the bat
	layer_4: what is the assimly doen and gaged in the bat
	layer_6: what is the ascemily do in engaged in tebae
	layer_8: what dois the assembly doing engaged ina debat
	layer_10: what ois the assembly doing engaged in a debate
	layer_12: what is the assembly doing engaged in a debate

file: 5849-50873-0010.flac
expected: and will he wait until it has ended he has promised to do so
	layer_2: and will he waite entillit h  endid he has prommis to deso
	layer_4: and will he wait entil it hisended he has promis to de so
	layer_6: and will he wait until itdesended he as promised to do so
	layer_8: and will he wait until it isended he has promised to do so
	layer_10: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so
	layer_12: and will he wait until it is ended he has promised to do so

file: 5849-50873-0011.flac
expected: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there a desperate determination captain he began
	layer_2: mister prince fixtes an mnans eys on the captansface and read thear  duspboritto termanation capten hedgan
	layer_4: mister prince fixtes a maised eyes on the caftains face and readthe are dusprte te termination captain he tegan
	layer_6: mister prince fixetis a mazed eyes on the captain's face and read the are desperate determination captain he degain
	layer_8: mister prince fixed us amazed eyes on the captain's face and read ther r desperate determination captain he began
	layer_10: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read ther desperate determination captain he began
	layer_12: mister prince fixed his amazed eyes on the captain's face and read there desperate determination captain he began

file: 5849-50873-0012.flac
expected: mister prince bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_2: mistr prince bowd and ha slu rturne to the house swherete sombly asnsession
	layer_4: mister prinse boud and ha slew returne to the house swere the sembly was ensession
	layer_6: mister prin's bowed and hatelew returned to the house where theassembly was in session
	layer_8: mister prinze bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was insession
	layer_10: mister prinds bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session
	layer_12: mister prinds bowed and hastily returned to the house where the assembly was in session

file: 5849-50873-0013.flac
expected: as soon as he was gone charles stevens said
	layer_2: at soonete was gon cral stevand said
	layer_4: as soonits he was gone carl stevein said
	layer_6: as soon as he was gone charl stev and said
	layer_8: as soon as he was gone charle stevan said
	layer_10: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said
	layer_12: as soon as he was gone charles stephen said

file: 5849-50873-0014.flac
expected: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_2: yes traseo answer bwut mne n umcle
	layer_4: yes thils o wll answer wut tho mneaen uncle
	layer_6: yes charles yo will answer wat oyou neen uncle
	layer_8: yes charles you will answer whatdoyou nean uncle
	layer_10: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle
	layer_12: yes charles you will answer what do you mean uncle

file: 5849-50873-0015.flac
expected: never did debaters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_2: neverded to baters take grater intrest in a migne subect
	layer_4: nevere did the bators tak greater intresst in a min a subject
	layer_6: never did the baters take greater intrest in a minot subject
	layer_8: never did the baters take greater interest in a minor subject
	layer_10: never did tebaters take greater interest in a miner subject
	layer_12: never did thebaters take greater interest in a minor subject

file: 5849-50873-0016.flac
expected: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them
	layer_2: what de enten deing uncl wil you frigt them
	layer_4: what do you anten doing uncle will you frighte them
	layer_6: what do you inten doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_8: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_10: what do you intend doing uncle will you fright them
	layer_12: what do you intend doing uncle will you fight them

file: 5849-50873-0017.flac
expected: remember the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor too late
	layer_2: member the worf wes be don e raight at te time mot te seon nor to lret
	layer_4: wember the worth wust be ton heright at the time motto soo nor to re
	layer_6: wember the worth wmust be done th right at the time motto soo nor to reke
	layer_8: member the worth must be done right at the time not too soon nor to wrik
	layer_10: member the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to wriak
	layer_12: member the work must be done right at the time not too soon nor to wrek

file: 5849-50873-0018.flac
expected: the sun was setting and the captain said
	layer_2: the sum lwas sedrin and the captinsaid
	layer_4: the sun was sedring and the capt in said
	layer_6: the sun was settern and the captain said
	layer_8: the sun was settrn and the captain said
	layer_10: the sun was settrng and the captain said
	layer_12: the sun was settring and the captain said

file: 5849-50873-0019.flac
expected: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_2: com chraus let us hasin to the s sembly
	layer_4: com chas let us haston to theesembly
	layer_6: come chals let us hastened to the ascembly
	layer_8: come chrles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_10: come charles let us hasten to the assembly
	layer_12: come charles let us hasten to the assembly

file: 5849-50873-0020.flac
expected: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_2: by kno means but i want ye to befully inprast with theceriousnesse o ourmition
	layer_4: by kno means but i want e to befully in presed with he seriousness of your mission
	layer_6: by no means but i want ye to be fully impressed with a seriousness of your mission
	layer_8: by no means but i want yo to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission
	layer_10: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with te seriousness of your mission
	layer_12: by no means but i want you to be fully impressed with the seriousness of your mission

file: 5849-50873-0021.flac
expected: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wadsworth
	layer_2: takeer place rils and be crupare to de yor part wis were calpt an aewerth
	layer_4: takor place thals and be papaired to de our part whithwered capt in waceworth
	layer_6: take your place chales and be prepared to de your part whitshwared captain wachworth
	layer_8: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain walcworth
	layer_10: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wachworth
	layer_12: take your place charles and be prepared to do your part whispered captain wachworth

file: 5849-50873-0022.flac
expected: charles got as close to the long table used by the secretaries as possible without attracting special attention
	layer_2: trols got as clos to the long ta beused bi the seprtariocs is posibl with oute tractingspecialattention
	layer_4: tos god as clos to the long tat beeused by the secreterious is possible withoutatracting special attention
	layer_6: chales god is close to the long tab bl used by the sucreterious is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_8: charles god is close to the long tabblel used by the secretari es is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_10: charles god is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention
	layer_12: charles god is close to the long table used by the secretarius is possible without attracting special attention

file: 5849-50873-0023.flac
expected: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles were placed on the table and two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_2: the de scussion went on thiraknesst kame and for leadyd candl lr plat s on te tale in two sad on aseltf on the wall
	layer_4: the discusshion went on therkness came and forlated candl ereplates on the table in two sait on a self on the wall
	layer_6: the discussion went on darkness came and forlighted candleds wereplates on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_8: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles ereplatced on the table in  two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_10: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall
	layer_12: the discussion went on darkness came and four lighted candles wereplaced on the table in two set on a shelf on the wall

file: 5849-50873-0024.flac
expected: those two candles on the wall were a great annoyance to charles until he saw a man stationed near them
	layer_2: thougs to candles on the wll where a gread en nointc to thros andtill i sawm ansetaci oneu them
	layer_4: those two candles on the wall where a greed anoinc tothrls until hesa manstaf an near them
	layer_6: those who candles on the wall were a greed annoincs tho chrles until he saw a mand stafeiin near them
	layer_8: those wo candles on the wall were agreed annoyance to charles until he saw a man stafin near them
	layer_10: those two candles on the wall were a greed annoyance to charles until he saw a man stating near them
	layer_12: those two candles on the wall were a greed anoyance to charles until he saw a man stating near them

file: 5849-50873-0025.flac
expected: though the lights were extinguished through the windows the faint starlight dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_2: though the ligh swer exstinguwih through the windo the fain starlet dim wy oleminate the seen
	layer_4: though the lights werextoinguishe thrugh the window the faint starlet dimly aluminated the scen
	layer_6: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_8: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlet dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_10: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene
	layer_12: though the lights were extinguished through the window the faint starlit dimly illuminated the scene

file: 5849-50873-0026.flac
expected: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_2: he follod him is rappad les he could
	layer_4: he followed him his rapidly as he could
	layer_6: he followed him is rapidly as he could
	layer_8: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_10: he followed him as rapidly as he could
	layer_12: he followed him as rapidly as he could

file: 5849-50873-0027.flac
expected: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside seized his arm
	layer_2: theh was cof beind him and when they wre etsid usdtes om
	layer_4: the uth was culofh behind him and whene they were outsides sused hisirme
	layer_6: the youth was clofh behind him and when they were outsidesused his arm
	layer_8: the youth was cloth behind him and when they were outside used his arm
	layer_10: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside sused his arm
	layer_12: the youth was close behind him and when they were outside suised his arm

file: 5849-50873-0028.flac
expected: boy have a care how you approach me
	layer_2: bo i fondt he cear holyouproat me
	layer_4: oif fa the ctar hel you proat me
	layer_6: o i ha ter cere holl you aproacho me
	layer_8: o i had a car how you approach me
	layer_10: oh i've had a car how you approached me
	layer_12: oh i've had ta car how you approached me

file: 5849-50873-0029.flac
expected: the soldiers began to crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bands came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_2: the soldrs be gain the crowd about the hos when oata sia lo from tcapting wadswarth tha treaime bance kan on the seen ind prepared to graple with the solsers
	layer_4: the soldere begain the crowd about the hose when atiseignel from capting wadsworth that tran bance cam on the sen and prpaired to graple with the soldiers
	layer_6: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from capting wadsworth thet traim bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_8: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_10: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bance came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers
	layer_12: the soldiers began the crowd about the house when at a signal from captain wadsworth the train bancs came on the scene and prepared to grapple with the soldiers

file: 5849-50873-0030.flac
expected: where is the charter
	layer_2: waeis the charter
	layer_4: wheris the charter
	layer_6: whereis the charter
	layer_8: where is the charter
	layer_10: where is the charter
	layer_12: where is the charter

file: 5849-50873-0031.flac
expected: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the train bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence
	layer_2: you hav byeoar soldirs of the dor and we hr vf the train bams of cnacat ready to the finddes against fuilns
	layer_4: you have yeour soldiers of the door and we hear ave the train bans of connaticat ready to the findus against filence
	layer_6: you have your soldiers of the door and we hare f the train bans of conneticate ready to te fend us against filence
	layer_8: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trained bands of conneticate ready to defend us against violence
	layer_10: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trained bands of conneticute ready to defend us against violence
	layer_12: you have your soldiers at the door and we have the trained bands of connecticut ready to defend us against violence

file: 5849-50873-0032.flac
expected: who of you has the charter
	layer_2: cwho ofe ew has the charter
	layer_4: o of you has the charter
	layer_6: cwoo of you has the charter
	layer_8: who of you has the charter
	layer_10: who of you has the charter
	layer_12: who of you has the charter

file: 5849-50873-0033.flac
expected: it was the boy cried the enraged governor
	layer_2: it was he oy cridsin ran scuvrna
	layer_4: it was the boy cries inrean egoverne
	layer_6: it was the boy crieds in reaned governer
	layer_8: it was the boy cried inrenge governor
	layer_10: it was the boy cried inren governor
	layer_12: it was the boy cried inr governor

file: 5849-50873-0034.flac
expected: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_2: ev erey member of the asombly sh ook their heads
	layer_4: every member of the asembly shook their heds
	layer_6: every member of the asembly shook their heads
	layer_8: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_10: every member of the assembly shook their heads
	layer_12: every member of the assembly shook their heads

file: 5849-50873-0035.flac
expected: we do not know him he does not live in connecticut where does he live
	layer_2: weu dou not kno him he does not living tonhaot racit wheretd o's sfhe live
	layer_4: we do not know him he does not living to hat acgat whered ofs fhe live
	layer_6: we do not know him he does not living to hatockit where dos she live
	layer_8: we do not know him he does not living tonatiket where does he live
	layer_10: we do not know him he does not live in tonatiquet where does he live
	layer_12: we do not know him he does not live in tonatiquet where doesh he live

file: 5849-50873-0036.flac
expected: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_2: littledted the camptin ors yeuh fo sestin dren thth their simple act would mak the ol tree his stork
	layer_4: little ded the captain oras youtshfulocsistan drlin that their simple oct would make the ol tre his stort
	layer_6: little did the captain or as uthful aslistant druing that their simple act would make the old tree his storick
	layer_8: little did the captain or his oushful assistant dreaeing that their simple act would make the old tree historic
	layer_10: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dreaamg that their simple oct would make the old tree historic
	layer_12: little did the captain or his youthful assistant dream that their simple oct would make the old tree historic

file: 5849-50873-0037.flac
expected: the tree in which the document was hidden was ever afterward known as the charter oak
	layer_2: the treen which the dopfnet was hittin was ever aff thorwers non es churter ok
	layer_4: the tree in which the doffmeat was hiting was ever aftherwars non ass tharter ok
	layer_6: the tre in which the dofniat was hidting was ever afterwars knon ast charter oak
	layer_8: the tree in which the dophn it was hittding was ever afterwars known ast chardor oak
	layer_10: the tree in which the dophnite was hidting was ever afterwards known as charter oak
	layer_12: the tree in which the dophnite was hidting was ever afterwards known as charter oak

file: 5849-50873-0038.flac
expected: it remained vigorous bearing fruit every year until a little after midnight august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_2: it reman thegro spering rout every year undtittle e little aftri mid nighe allges ehteentif ty sixcs when it was prostrueted by  haty storm of wend
	layer_4: it remane the grus sparing crut every year untitale a little afteromidnighting algest eghteen tifty fixt when it was prosstruted by a hay storm of wind
	layer_6: it remained the gris paring fruit every year untidtle a little after midnightin augusst eighteen fifty tix when it was prostraated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_8: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitl a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_10: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untile a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind
	layer_12: it remained the gris sparing fruit every year untitle a little after midnight in august eighteen fifty six when it was prostrated by a heavy storm of wind

file: 5849-50873-0039.flac
expected: when the order for the seizure of the charters was first made known the assembly of rhode island sent a most loyal address to the king saying
	layer_2: when the order from the sesur of the turtefs ats forst made knowne you sembly avror islan sent an most oayile agets to the king saine
	layer_4: when the order from the sesure of the ctharteves wihs first made known yo sembliy rod ysland sent amost loyl adgets to the king saying
	layer_6: when the order from the sesure of the chartives whichs first made known yesembly a rote island sent a most loyal adgots to the king saying
	layer_8: when the order from the sigure of the chartis wacs first made known hy assembly a rode island sent a most loyal adjets to the king saying
	layer_10: when the order from the sigure of the charts was first made known he assembl a rode island sent a most loyal addets to the king saying
	layer_12: when the order from the sigure of the chartas was first made known the assembly a rode island sent a most loyal adets to the king saying

file: 5849-50873-0040.flac
expected: he formally dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five of the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the functions of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_2: he formaly the solve othe a sembly brok the seil of the calni which bor the fi gere of an aner ad  the word ho and manted fiven the inhabetence inthoas letheslagtof counsil and the soom the functi on of govrner but he did not takeaway the peurchumen un which the turter was riten
	layer_4: he formaly dezolve theassembly broke th seal of the coalony which bore the figur of an anxcoer and  the word hope and minted fivan the inhaitence into ohis litislat of councile and he somed the function of governer but he did not take away the parchment unwhich the tharter was writen
	layer_6: he formerly desolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope and mitted fivein the inhabitents into his letislateie council and asumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_8: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five in the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_10: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five on the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written
	layer_12: he formerly dissolved the assembly broke the seal of the colony which bore the figure of an anchor and the word hope admitted five on the inhabitants into his legislative council and assumed the function of governor but he did not take away the parchment on which the charter was written

file: 5849-50873-0041.flac
expected: from that time until the enforced union of the colonies for mutual defence at the breaking out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the defensive efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along the frontiers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_2: from that tim un till bthe forswnion of the collenin  srmatuald tefence aft the burt hing out o the friencg in in dte in wre din havbitenceof rod islin bor their shair in thed defrenst of eferds uspechely en the hosststtl sav ages hunmgalong their frentuarece  of neor liy can ill omant clod
	layer_4: from that time untilld the for soonion of the colenigs frmutuald tefence af the birthing outo the friench in indein wor dheinha bitense of rode islan bor their shair in the defrence ofe efords especially when the houstil savages hung along their frentyurs o of negor likean ill oment cloud
	layer_6: from that time until the four sunion of the colonis frmutual defence af the birthing out of the french and indian war tdhenhabitans of rode island bor their share in the difrenceife efforts especially when the hostil savages hung along their frontert of new york like an ill oment cloud
	layer_8: from that time until the foursesunion of the colonis fror mutual defence at the birthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rod island bore their share in the defferenceife efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their front ears of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_10: from that time until the fourthed eunion of the colonies fom mutual defence at the birthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the diference of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their fronteers of new york like an ill omened cloud
	layer_12: from that time until the fourthed union of the colonies fom mutual defence at the birthing out of the french and indian war the inhabitants of rhode island bore their share in the deference of efforts especially when the hostile savages hung along their fronteers of new york like an ill omened cloud

file: 5849-50873-0042.flac
expected: the history of that commonwealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_2: the histry that cominwelfh is ha den afid wit that of alme in glan from the begining o kimgwilliams wr soon atfr tte ekx peltiromn of anderos
	layer_4: the histryee that commint wealtf is ha denified with that of all me winglan from the beginding of kim williams war soon aftre to the expultrun of andros
	layer_6: the history of that common wealth is hadenified with that of all newengland from the beginning of king williams war soon after to the expulson of andros
	layer_8: the history of that common wealth is hidentified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulson of andros
	layer_10: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros
	layer_12: the history of that common wealth is identified with that of all new england from the beginning of king william's war soon after to the expulsion of andros

file: 5849-50963-0000.flac
expected: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_2: a beutefall day had gion out of the driadfu storm
	layer_4: a beautifull day had gion out of the dredful storm
	layer_6: a beautiful day had grwn out of the dreadful storm
	layer_8: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_10: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm
	layer_12: a beautiful day had grown out of the dreadful storm

file: 5849-50963-0001.flac
expected: and everybody was so happy
	layer_2: and evervodn wih so happy
	layer_4: and everyboding with so happy
	layer_6: and everybodiyn with so happy
	layer_8: and everybody was so happy
	layer_10: and everybody was so happy
	layer_12: and everybody was so happy

file: 5849-50963-0002.flac
expected: the neptune the vessel that had struck on the sand bar was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in row boats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_2: the neptenm the thes al thetad struck on the sand bare wats nosefuly ancerd ineur shor and the salos kammin anout in robots bhackinforth tilnt jus to seyished
	layer_4: the nepcie the vessal that id struck on the sandfar was no saflly ancered n eoar shore and the cailar's came in an out in roboaths back on forth to land just to shey wished
	layer_6: the nepcine the vessel that had struck on the sandfar was now saflly anchored near shore and the sailors came in an out in roboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_8: the nepcin the vessel that had struck on the sand far was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_10: the nepcine the vessel that had struck on the sand far was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished
	layer_12: the neptine the vessel that had struck on the sand fare was now safely anchored near shore and the sailors came in and out in rowboats back and forth to land just as they wished

file: 5849-50963-0003.flac
expected: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_2: then we had to goboack to work at the log s went on the captin and then one of er cru toktha fevor
	layer_4: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our cruew took e fever
	layer_6: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_8: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_10: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever
	layer_12: then we had to go back to work at the logs went on the captain and then one of our crew took a fever

file: 5849-50963-0004.flac
expected: that was what delayed us so
	layer_2: that was what de leanth so
	layer_4: that was what deleathu so
	layer_6: that was what deled u so
	layer_8: that was what deletus so
	layer_10: that was what delita sow
	layer_12: that was what delit a sow

file: 5849-50963-0005.flac
expected: finally we had every log loaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_2: fia noly we had every lale lowyd one schoner and we started o
	layer_4: finally we had every wlo glowted on the schooner and we started of
	layer_6: finally we had every lowl gloaded on the schoner and we started off
	layer_8: finally we had every aw gloaded on the schooner and we started off
	layer_10: finally we had every law gloated on the schooner and we started off
	layer_12: finally we had every law loated on the schooner and we started off

file: 5849-50963-0006.flac
expected: we counted on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_2: we canted oun gat ing hamless week when this la stoo struckess and drolus out of ar corce
	layer_4: we campted uon get in hamlass week when this las storm struckus and drowvus out of aur chorse
	layer_6: we campt id on get in homelas week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our choarse
	layer_8: we campd it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our horse
	layer_10: we camped it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course
	layer_12: we camped it on getting home last week when this last storm struck us and drove us out of our course

file: 5849-50963-0007.flac
expected: about the value asked mister bobbsey who was down from the city
	layer_2: about the valu astimisterbobsy who as doand from the scity
	layer_4: abote the valu askd mister bobsy who wis down from the city
	layer_6: about the value asked mister bobsy who as downe from the city
	layer_8: about the value asked mister bobsy who is downed from the city
	layer_10: about the value asked mister bobbsey who is dawn from the city
	layer_12: about the value asked mister bobbsey who is downe from the city

file: 5849-50963-0008.flac
expected: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_2: the valyou wer peated the capft in the sied so t the stranders migt nit her
	layer_4: the valyou were peated the capt in he side sot the strangers miht not her
	layer_6: the value werepeated the captain aside so at the strangers might not hear
	layer_8: the value wrepeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_10: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear
	layer_12: the value repeated the captain aside so that the strangers might not hear

file: 5849-50963-0009.flac
expected: well i'm a rich man now and so is my mate mc laughlin for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano firm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_2: whil u va wrich min nowh and so was my met me gollan for that would bwas controactes forby te leargust and ricioust peano herm in this countre and nowid is all but delivered to them and the money in or hinance
	layer_4: while im rich man now and so as my megt meglolin for that wold was contracted fore by the largest and richust pianofherm in this country and now it is all but de livered to them and the money in our heands
	layer_6: while i am a rich man now and so as my mat ma gloklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest andriches pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_8: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate m glocklan for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest pianofirm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_10: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glawckland for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano ferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands
	layer_12: while i am a rich man now and so is my mate mc glawhland for that wood was contracted for by the largest and richest piano ferm in this country and now it is all but delivered to them and the money in our hands

file: 5849-50963-0010.flac
expected: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to accumulate as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_2: yesendid it whoal ave seake en esalife trn to kemlat ois much money as we have earn d in the her
	layer_4: yes inded it what have stakan esalifetime to kimladt as much money as we hve earned in the cher
	layer_6: yes indeed it would have taken es a life time to a cem late as much money as we have earned in this hear
	layer_8: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to ccinm late as much money as we have earned in this her
	layer_10: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to acceem late as much money as we have earned in this year
	layer_12: yes indeed it would have taken us a lifetime to acceem late as much money as we have earned in this year

file: 5849-50963-0011.flac
expected: maybe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_2: me the ont emmoly will tak yo d n to the sitig ond her shopthing towar sujested nan
	layer_4: me he on emminly will take ye dawnd to the city on her shothing towr suggested nan
	layer_6: me the on emily will take you dan to the city on her shoping toowr suggested nan
	layer_8: mete aunt emily will take you donto the city on her shopping tur suggested nann
	layer_10: mebe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan
	layer_12: mebe aunt emily will take you down to the city on her shopping tour suggested nan

file: 5849-50963-0012.flac
expected: he made the clerks remove all the truck from the aisles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_2: he made te clircd om of all the trok rom the iles and i ges ev rybotyt was gled the armytfal down
	layer_4: he made tbhe clerches rom ove all the truck from the yles and i gues evrybody was glad the army felld dow
	layer_6: he made bhe clerched from ove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_8: he made the clerche romove all the trucks from the isles and i guesse everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_10: he made the clerks omove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down
	layer_12: he made the clerks omove all the trucks from the isles and i guess everybody was glad the army fell down

file: 5849-50963-0013.flac
expected: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest face and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_2: theu wonetifhulfressh ar that thes menlivedin nid inday had breiten theire eyes twoo so hat even the plainestfaced and h most award man among them was as nimbo as in athlyt from his perfictircie
	layer_4: the ondeful fresh air that these men livedin night en day had bright n their eyes too so that even the plenest faced and the must acard man among them was as nimble as an athlet from his perfectdexercise
	layer_6: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest fast and the most awkared man among them was as nimbrl as an athlete from his perfect exercised
	layer_8: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest fact and the most awkward man among them was as nimbl as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_10: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise
	layer_12: the wonderful fresh air that these men lived in night and day had brightened their eyes too so that even the plainest faced and the most awkward man among them was as nimble as an athlete from his perfect exercise

file: 5849-50962-0000.flac
expected: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_2: clled birt who had hured his uncle getting ready to rin down to the wat ersaidgh
	layer_4: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water sedge
	layer_6: called birt who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water s edge
	layer_8: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the waters edge
	layer_10: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge
	layer_12: called bert who had heard his uncle getting ready to run down to the water's edge

file: 5849-50962-0001.flac
expected: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minturn and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_2: it' s e sconr said misterbing am to misterm inter and shee aif the very heady cargl
	layer_4: it's e schooner said mister bing him to misterminter and she a the very hady cargo
	layer_6: it's te schoner said mister bingham to mister minterr and she has the very heavy cargo
	layer_8: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_10: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo
	layer_12: it's a schooner said mister bingham to mister minter and she has a very heavy cargo

file: 5849-50962-0002.flac
expected: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_2: to this cord was fassond at hiveyroper ceble
	layer_4: to this cord was fastine a hivy rope er kable
	layer_6: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope er cable
	layer_8: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_10: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable
	layer_12: to this cord was fastened a heavy rope or cable

file: 5849-50962-0003.flac
expected: what's that board for asked bert as he saw a board following the cable
	layer_2: what's that bord fore aspurt ands she sa bord following the keble
	layer_4: what's that board four askpert ands he saw board following the keble
	layer_6: what's that board for askedbert and she sawa board following the keeble
	layer_8: what's that board for asked bert ands he saw a board following the keebele
	layer_10: what's that board for asked bert and he saw a board following the kebele
	layer_12: what's that board for asked bert and he saw a board following the cebele

file: 5849-50962-0004.flac
expected: that's the directions said hal
	layer_2: bhac the diraction sad how
	layer_4: thats the diraections said how
	layer_6: that's the directions said how
	layer_8: that's the directions said haw
	layer_10: that's the directions said hal
	layer_12: that's the directions said hal

file: 5849-50962-0005.flac
expected: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_2: the ra printeden en umbervlr ing wiges and they tel the cru to cure the end of the kceble hig up to the masd and fasint it straongly thear
	layer_4: the reprinted in an umber of langoges and they tell the crue to carri the end of the kable high up to the mast and fastin its strongly there
	layer_6: they areprinted in ha number of languages and they tell the crew to carry o the end of the cabele high up to the mast and fastene it strongly there
	layer_8: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_10: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there
	layer_12: they are printed in a number of languages and they tell the crew to carry the end of the cable high up to the mast and fasten it strongly there

file: 5849-50962-0006.flac
expected: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches buoy will go out on a pulley
	layer_2: o i sey said bert the lang will strechd then an the breaches vouy wl goow on of polly
	layer_4: oh i see said birt the line will stretched then and the breaches vooly wil goowd on a poly
	layer_6: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches voliy will go out on a poly
	layer_8: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches ooli will go out on a poly
	layer_10: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches ooli will go out on a poly
	layer_12: oh i see said bert the line will stretch then and the breeches vooly will go out on a poly

file: 5849-50962-0007.flac
expected: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_2: it was cleare day ow and much of the whick ild storm ad past
	layer_4: it was clear day now and much of the wicket storm had passed
	layer_6: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_8: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_10: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed
	layer_12: it was clear day now and much of the wicked storm had passed

file: 5849-50962-0008.flac
expected: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_2: wef tedeelig can grls and wom into the beach
	layer_4: with bhe delight cam girls and lominto the bech
	layer_6: with the daylighte cameg girls and wom into the beach
	layer_8: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_10: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach
	layer_12: with the daylight came girls and women to the beach

file: 5849-50962-0009.flac
expected: missus bobbsey missus minturn nellie and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossie and freddie being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_2: missis bobsty missus minterng naly and herm other besidestorthe an nan were all there flosy  anfreaty being abloiged to stay home with dinnd sisin
	layer_4: missus bobsy meissus minturn nowly and her mother besides dorthy an nan were all there flosy and fredy being oblodged to stay home with dini n syusen
	layer_6: missus bobsy missus minteurn neley and her mother besides torothy and nan were all there flosy and freddy being oblodge to stay home with dyna insisen
	layer_8: missus bobsey missus minturn nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nam were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dina and cusan
	layer_10: missus bobbsey missus minturn nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan
	layer_12: missus bobbsey missus minturn nelly and her mother besides dorothy and nan were all there flossy and freddy being obliged to stay home with dinah and susan

file: 5849-50962-0010.flac
expected: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and bert and hal tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_2: of cuource the girls askt all sorts of quessions and birtan houl tri to answer then mis pes thy clld
	layer_4: of coursed the girls asked all sorts of questions and birt and hou tried to answer them isbes they coud
	layer_6: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burt an how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_8: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burt and how tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_10: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burt and howl tried to answer them as best they could
	layer_12: of course the girls asked all sorts of questions and burt and howl tried to answer them as best they could

file: 5849-50962-0011.flac
expected: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the buoy was returning
	layer_2: is seeme dhe long timyefor anyng movement of the cavble showd t at the bol wasr turning
	layer_4: a seemed the long time be for any movement of the cable showe that the boi was eturning
	layer_6: it seemed ha long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_8: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_10: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning
	layer_12: it seemed a long time before any movement of the cable showed that the boy was returning

file: 5849-50962-0012.flac
expected: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_2: ner ad ner at cam an tell now mans hud could besen
	layer_4: nearer and neaer it came untill now a man'cs huad could be seen
	layer_6: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_8: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_10: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen
	layer_12: nearer and nearer it came until now a man's head could be seen

file: 5849-50962-0013.flac
expected: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nellie clung close to her mother
	layer_2: the girlsang women were twhe fraitn to tack and nowly clon close to her mother
	layer_4: the girlsand woman were two fraighten to talk and neley clung close to her mother
	layer_6: the girls and woman were too frightened to talk and neley clung close to her mother
	layer_8: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_10: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelly clung close to her mother
	layer_12: the girls and women were too frightened to talk and nelye clung close to her mother

file: 5849-50962-0014.flac
expected: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life guards and a man in the cork belt bounded upon shore
	layer_2: a bigrolar dashiing ind fin i sh the work for the lifegards and te man in the coartpult barnded eponsor
	layer_4: a bigroler dashing in finished the work for the lifegirds and te man in the courtbeult banded upon shdore
	layer_6: a big roller dashing in finished the work for the life girds and a man in the courthbeult bandid upon shore
	layer_8: a big roller dashing in finishe the work for the lifegurds and a man in the courtbelt banded upon shore
	layer_10: a big roller dashing in finishe the work for the life gards and a man in the cort belt banded upon shore
	layer_12: a big roller dashing in finishe the work for the life gards and a man in the cortbelt banded upon shore

file: 5849-50962-0015.flac
expected: everybody gathered around and nellie with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_2: everybudy datheit around ad knely with the straneface and a stranger holp brokes horug the cro to se the wresked man
	layer_4: everybody gatherd around ad nuwly with the strange face and a stranger hope brokes through the crow to se the resked man
	layer_6: everybody gathered around ad nely with tha strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the resckeed man
	layer_8: everybody gathered around annelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the resckued man
	layer_10: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man
	layer_12: everybody gathered around and nelly with a strange face and a stranger hope broke through the crowd to see the rescued man

file: 5849-50962-0016.flac
expected: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_2: o it is my father she scrend falling reate intio the arnce of the drinsd man
	layer_4: oh it is my father she sgrened falling rigt into the arncs of the drenched man
	layer_6: oh it is my fathers she screnmed falling right into the arnts of the drenched man
	layer_8: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the ars of the drenched man
	layer_10: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man
	layer_12: oh it is my father she screamed falling right into the arms of the drenched man

file: 5849-50962-0017.flac
expected: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_2: but the halftrned man rubd is eyes is if fe could not polieeh them then the nexminit he presst as littled aughter to whis heart andable to speak l word
	layer_4: but the half tround man rubed his eyes is ifi could not beleave them then the nextminict he pressed as little daughter tho was heart and able to speak a word
	layer_6: but the half drownd man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_8: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_10: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word
	layer_12: but the half drowned man rubbed his eyes as if he could not believe them then the next minute he pressed his little daughter to his heart unable to speak a word

file: 5849-50962-0018.flac
expected: and is george bingham out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_2: and is jorge bing im ilt ther anx siou sly as the brother
	layer_4: and is jorge bing himout there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_6: and his george binghimout there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_8: and as george bing him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_10: and dis george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother
	layer_12: and is george bring him out there anxiously asked the brother

file: 5849-50962-0019.flac
expected: safe and well came the welcome answer
	layer_2: safe and wel kin the wlolkam ainswter
	layer_4: safe and well kin the wlcuom anster
	layer_6: safe and well kine the welcome anster
	layer_8: safe and well kin the welcome anster
	layer_10: safe and well kin the welcome anster
	layer_12: safe and well kin the welcome anster

file: 5849-50962-0020.flac
expected: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_2: i ges ir pars were her d dlas net
	layer_4: i gues ir prars were hea d lastinight
	layer_6: i guess our prayers were heard las night
	layer_8: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_10: i guess our prayers were heard last night
	layer_12: i guess our prayers were heard last night

file: 5849-50962-0021.flac
expected: here comes another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on the sands
	layer_2: her comedinother man exclenmet the peoppl as this time o bignman dashet on sns
	layer_4: here comedanother man exclemed the people as this time a bignmian dashed on sands
	layer_6: here come another man exclemed the people as this time a bigmon dushed on sins
	layer_8: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a bigman dashed on sands
	layer_10: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands
	layer_12: here come another man exclaimed the people as this time a big man dashed on sands

file: 5849-50962-0022.flac
expected: well i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_2: whill i te clair wle dideaind ont a frenly shor
	layer_4: while i declar we did  land on a frendly shore
	layer_6: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_8: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_10: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore
	layer_12: while i declare we did land on a friendly shore

file: 5849-50962-0023.flac
expected: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nellie's father and hal's uncle
	layer_2: jistes misster bing him seid the li seving work turned ou to be  sotial of fheir for there as a great time grating nelhy sfawther and hous uncle
	layer_4: just as mister bing him said the li saving work turned out to be a social affare for there was a great time grdting nelly sfather and hous uncle
	layer_6: just as mister bingham said the li saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time grueting nelly'sfather and house unle
	layer_8: just as mister bingham said the lisaving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greting nelly's father and hou'se uncle
	layer_10: just as mister bingham said the lie saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelly's father ind hou's uncle
	layer_12: just as mister bingham said the life saving work turned out to be a social affair for there was a great time greeting nelli's father in how's uncle

file: 5849-50962-0024.flac
expected: and hal and his father too put in nan
	layer_2: and howin his wather too put in nan
	layer_4: and howan his father two put in tan
	layer_6: and how an his father too put in nan
	layer_8: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_10: and how and his father too put in nan
	layer_12: and how and his father too put in nan

file: 5849-50962-0025.flac
expected: what a morning that was at sunset beach
	layer_2: what a morning that was it senset bech
	layer_4: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_6: what a morning that was it sene at beach
	layer_8: what a morning that was it sunset beach
	layer_10: what a morning that was its sunset beach
	layer_12: what a morning that was its sunset beach

file: 5849-50962-0026.flac
expected: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddie when she heard the good news
	layer_2: a 'd so lad wy prad said little flosye d fretty whon a she heared the good nos
	layer_4: i 'm so glad we prated said little flosy t fredy hen i she heared the good news
	layer_6: i'm so glad we prayd said little flosy to fretdy when is she heard the good news
	layer_8: i 'm so glad we prayed said little flosy to freddy when s she heard the good news
	layer_10: i'm so glad we prayed said little flossie to freddy when she heard the good news
	layer_12: i'm so glad we prayed said little flosie to freddy when she heard the good news

file: 2506-13150-0000.flac
expected: pray captain quoth i as i was going down into the cabin is a man never overtaken by death in this passage
	layer_2: fra capton cas i as ia was going down intus a capen it' a mannovr ovitaken by dus and this pasage
	layer_4: pra capton cuos ei as ia was going down intos a cabin it's a mannover overtaken by des an this passage
	layer_6: pray captain coese i as i was going down intos a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus an this passage
	layer_8: pray captain kosi as i was going down into is a cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_10: pray captain kose i as i was going down intosa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage
	layer_12: pray captain kose i as i was going down into sa cabin it's a man never overtaken by dus in this passage

file: 2506-13150-0001.flac
expected: why there is not time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day
	layer_2: r thas notimd fot a man to be sicun it repiety wat crs lia for i am sik as a hose gus i oretty or ta bran u si down he day
	layer_4: wy the's not timve for a and to be sicin it repliety wate curset lia for i am sick as a hose quus i oreatty for ta brain absi down hay day
	layer_6: why there's not imp for a an to be sikenit repliet y what a cursed lia for i am sick as a halse crozi already worta brain ubsite down hay day
	layer_8: why there's not timp for a man to be sick in it replied he what a curse liar for i am sick as a hose quosi already wota brain upside down hay day
	layer_10: why there's no time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed lyar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already wat a brain upside down hey day
	layer_12: why there's no time for a man to be sick in it replied he what a cursed liar for i am sick as a horse quoth i already what a brain upside down hey day

file: 2506-13150-0002.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: sik sik
	layer_4: sik sik
	layer_6: sik sik
	layer_8: sik sik
	layer_10: si sik
	layer_12: sic sick

file: 2506-13150-0003.flac
expected: sick sick
	layer_2: saksik
	layer_4: sak saick
	layer_6: sak sak
	layer_8: sik sick
	layer_10: sik sik
	layer_12: sic sick

file: 2506-13150-0004.flac
expected: when shall we get to land
	layer_2: one shall e gete lond
	layer_4: one shall be get te leand
	layer_6: wene shall be get e land
	layer_8: whene shall we get a land
	layer_10: when shall we get to land
	layer_12: when shall we get to land

file: 2506-13150-0005.flac
expected: the wind chopp'd about
	layer_2: the en coped d a bout
	layer_4: the wenchopp to bout
	layer_6: anthe wen coppdt about
	layer_8: and they win chopped about
	layer_10: and the wen chopped about
	layer_12: and the wen chopped about

file: 2506-13150-0006.flac
expected: s'death then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_2: sdast the i sh a me thim fould inf the face
	layer_4: s des the i shall meat him full im the face
	layer_6: sdes then i shall meet him fll in the face
	layer_8: zdeas then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_10: sdeath then i shall meet him full in the face
	layer_12: sdeath then i shall meet him full in the face

file: 2506-13150-0007.flac
expected: captain quoth she for heaven's sake let us get ashore
	layer_2: capton coo she for heavefi sayke let us geto shou
	layer_4: captain croshe for havvad sake lettas getes shore
	layer_6: captain co she for haad zake let us get ashore
	layer_8: captain quroshee for heafard's sake let us get ashore
	layer_10: captain quoth she for heavrd's sake let us get ashore
	layer_12: captain quoth she for heaherd's sake let us get ashore

file: 2506-13150-0008.flac
expected: was not democritus who laughed ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_2: was nodi muccrites whoue lae ten tims mart an y tawn clarg ofr abdearo
	layer_4: was not di muchratus who lauge ten timesmore dan ei tan clrg ofr abdera
	layer_6: was not democretis who lauve ten times more tan eye town clergu ofhr abdera
	layer_8: was not democratus who laghed ten times more than i town clerk of abdira
	layer_10: was not democratus who loved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera
	layer_12: was not democratus who loved ten times more than i town clerk of abdera

file: 2506-13150-0009.flac
expected: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_2: tay afe he durned blliyve me yu may rets the chucptr for yoaur pans
	layer_4: nay havf you durned belie ove me you may read the chaptir for your pains
	layer_6: nay have you dorn' t believe me you may read the chepter for your pains
	layer_8: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_10: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains
	layer_12: nay if you don't believe me you may read the chapter for your pains

file: 2506-11267-0000.flac
expected: i see shoals of them depart not perhaps without an innate longing too to quit the island along with those happy snobs
	layer_2: i see shas orf some de pard nd not brhaps es ourd an a nade longing two tookret the il anddelong urier's happis nobes
	layer_4: i see shurs of them de pad  not berhaps oes oud an anaid longing too tooguet the ilend e long wihsers hap pis nobs
	layer_6: i see shars of them depart not perhaps was out an an ade longing too to uet the islandt a long withtes ha ys nobs
	layer_8: i see shars of them depart not perhaps wasout an anaide longing too to get the island along with those happy sknobs
	layer_10: i see shals of them depart not perhaps was out an an aid longing too to get the island along with those happy sknobs
	layer_12: i see shawls of them depart not perhaps t was out an an aid longing too to get the island along with those happy sknobs

file: 2506-11267-0001.flac
expected: farewell dear friends i say you little know that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and brother
	layer_2: fahae whell dyo friens i say yu liternow thathy endervi duar who regarbsyu romd the bege is your friend and istoro refer and proser
	layer_4: fa a well dyou friense i say knu litternow that y indeviduar who regards you from the bege is your friend and his toreou rifer and prozer
	layer_6: fare well dyeu friends i say knew littlrnow that he individual who regards you from the beegh is your friend and historioqrapher and proser
	layer_8: farewell dyu friends i say knew little know that the individual who regards you from the beeach is your friend and historeocgrapher and proser
	layer_10: farewell dou friends i say knew little no that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historeographer and prozer
	layer_12: farewell dou friends i say knew little no that the individual who regards you from the beach is your friend and historiographer and prozer

file: 2506-11267-0002.flac
expected: i went to day to see our excellent friend snooks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching forth in their pride and bravery
	layer_2: i wen to day to see orecland fen snoks on bord the queen of o frenange many scase asnubs waser on the deck of set finshirp marching fose in their prid and rafry
	layer_4: i wen to day to see arecclent vent snoks on borgd the queen of the frienge many schaurs a snobs was air on the deck of sat finedship marching force in their prid ant brafrey
	layer_6: i went to day to see our excellent vent snocks on boarhd the queen of the french many scorse a snops wieh ere on the deck of shat fineship marching force in their pride and bravery
	layer_8: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scoes of snops were tere on the dack of tat fineship marching forse in their pride and bravery
	layer_10: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fineship marching forte in their pride and bravery
	layer_12: i went to day to see our excellent vent snoks on board the queen of the french many scores of snobs were there on the deck of that fine ship marching fore in their pride and bravery

file: 2506-11267-0003.flac
expected: they will be at ostend in four hours they will inundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snob
	layer_2: they wll be ad ostandin fourrous they veilr an ondate the contin an nextweek theyear carriinto far lans the fin mus emage of the british snop
	layer_4: they will be at ostand in for houers they wil en undade the continant nextweak they eare caryento far lans the fimus emage of the british snop
	layer_6: they will be at ostant int four hours they will inundaytde the continent next tweek they wile carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_8: they will be at astend in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_10: they will be at ostent in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop
	layer_12: they will be at ostend in four hours they will enundate the continent next week they will carry into far lands the famous image of the british snop

file: 2506-11267-0004.flac
expected: i have seen snobs in pink coats and hunting boots scouring over the campagna of rome and have heard their oaths and their well known slang in the galleries of the vatican and under the shadowy arches of the colosseum
	layer_2: i have seemn snobes in pin cod s antunting bots scowing oveis to companiy of rom and harvef hrd e ter rods m theireblnen slying an the gaearese of the fvacican and t underd the shedeowe arncuers of to collceem
	layer_4: i have seend snobs in pincodes and humpting boods scowrering oves a company of rome and have herd ofs theiroate em ther bell noan slying an the galleries of the vatican and to undered the shadowe arches of the colousim
	layer_6: i have seend snobs in pincodes and humpting boots scowring overs a company of rome and have heard os their rod an theirebell known slang and the galleries of the vagican and to under the shadeowy archers of the colosime
	layer_8: i have seen snobs in pin coates and hunting boots scouring over a company of rome and have heardas their road and their well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and t under the shadowy arches of the colosim
	layer_10: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the company of rome and have heard  their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the fagican and under the shadowy arches of the colosim
	layer_12: i have seen snobs in pin coats and hunting boots scouring over the company of rome and have heard  their roads and their well known slang in the galleries of the vagican and under the shadowy arches of the colossim

file: 2506-11267-0005.flac
expected: my lady marchioness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_2: my ladymarchiness comes on bord lookround we seaid hapbe r of mingl tarer andteprdnentce which thistinguishers her ladyshop and drecius to he carrage for t is impossible that she should mingo was y other smnobsome dak
	layer_4: my lady marciness comes on bord look's round weh said happy i of mingle teror and depertnance which thi stinguishes her ladyship and recious to her carrage for it is impossible  that she should mingle was the other snobsom dack
	layer_6: my lady marciness comes onboard looks round with sat happy air of mingle terror and impertinance which di stinguishes her ladyship and rusies to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingele with the other snobs on deck
	layer_8: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with sat happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_10: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingled terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck
	layer_12: my lady marchiness comes on board looks round with that happy air of mingle terror and impertinence which distinguishes her ladyship and rushes to her carriage for it is impossible that she should mingle with the other snobs on deck

file: 2506-11267-0006.flac
expected: there she sits and will be ill in private
	layer_2: ther she sits and will be elimpriverd
	layer_4: there she sidts and will be ilemprivord
	layer_6: there she sids and will be illem privarde
	layer_8: there she sads and will be ill imprivate
	layer_10: there she sits and will be ill im private
	layer_12: there she sits and will be ill im private

file: 2506-11267-0007.flac
expected: the strawberry leaves on her chariot panels are engraved on her ladyship's heart
	layer_2: thi stroberle s on her chariit phannels ar in grat on he lady ship's herd
	layer_4: the stroberryleae on her chariod phannels are en grat on her lady ship's heard
	layer_6: the strobrareleave on her chariod pannels are in grate on her ladyship's hard
	layer_8: the stabrarelieavs on her chariot panels are engrat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_10: the strawbor relievs on her chariot panels are en grat on her ladyship's hard
	layer_12: the strawburar elieves on her chariot panels are en great on her ladyship's hard

file: 2506-11267-0008.flac
expected: and davis you'd best take the pistol case into the cabin
	layer_2: and devas youd bestake the pisocasontose caven
	layer_4: and dave as you'd bus take the pirsocase into hith caven
	layer_6: and dav as you'd bus take the pisolcase into hs cavin
	layer_8: and dave as you'd bust take the pistl case into his cabirn
	layer_10: and dave as you'd bust take the pistol case into his cabin
	layer_12: and dave as you'd best take the pistol case into his cabin

file: 2506-11267-0009.flac
expected: look at honest nathan houndsditch and his lady and their little son
	layer_2: looke d anmhes nect in haun stich on his lady and theirlit a som
	layer_4: look et olmest nac in hansdich an his ladyand their littl som
	layer_6: look at homost nac in handstitch and his lady a'm their little sun
	layer_8: look at honnest nacin handstitch and his lady and their little son
	layer_10: look at honest nacen hanstitch and his lady an their little son
	layer_12: look at honest nace n hon stitch and his lady am their little son

file: 2506-11267-0010.flac
expected: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snobs of eastern race
	layer_2: what a neoble aveorof blasin contentment iluminate dho feachers el tho snobs of eastan rase
	layer_4: what a noble er of blasing contentement illuminade to fetures ole those esnobs of easten rayse
	layer_6: what a noble air of blazing contentment iluminate the features of those snops of easten raise
	layer_8: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern race
	layer_10: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern rayce
	layer_12: what a noble air of blazing contentment illuminates the features of those snops of eastern rayce

file: 2506-11267-0011.flac
expected: what a toilette houndsditch's is
	layer_2: wat har tweneatounsdicheses
	layer_4: whatha t woll at houns dichesas
	layer_6: what the twolelat hounds diches is
	layer_8: what the twillat houns ditches is
	layer_10: what te twillit hounds ditches is
	layer_12: what ta twillat houns ditches is

file: 2506-11267-0012.flac
expected: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_2: oit wil nev hirsparimself any chepeen doymend
	layer_4: yout will nevers barhimself anycheep an doy ment
	layer_6: it will never spear himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_8: et will never spar himself any cheap enjroyment
	layer_10: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment
	layer_12: he will never spare himself any cheap enjoyment

file: 2506-11267-0013.flac
expected: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesquely and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_2: i havesaid befor ilik to lo k at the peoples on ther galardays therers so pectrusscly ent oud rageeslysplend ed ant hapvy
	layer_4: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on ther gala days ther res so pictrusicly and oud ragously s plended ant habby
	layer_6: i have sait before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days there ae so pictrsically and outeragiously splendid and habby
	layer_8: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days they are so pictoroasically and outerageously splendid and hapby
	layer_10: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their galla days they are so picturestiqcually and outrageously splendid and happy
	layer_12: i have said before i like to look at the peoples on their gala days they are so picturesticuaelly and outrageously splendid and happy

file: 2506-11267-0014.flac
expected: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tight and trim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snob as any man on board
	layer_2: youn ther comes cept am bolspican span tid and drim whit traveas for foor sixmon severy yearr of his live who oas not comitshimser by luctury of ram endo e insenents of domenar but iashink es us greati sopas any man on board
	layer_4: yoonther  comes capt and bool speckond spantide and dreim whi revls for for o six moncevery year of his live who does not comite himself by luctury of ram ent orencolance of demner but i a think as as gread ti snompos any man on board
	layer_6: yonde comes cept an bull speckand span tid and drim woud ravels for four or six mon s every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxory of raimment or insolence of demiana but i think as as great desnop ars any man on board
	layer_8: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tid and drim whoi travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think as as great astnop as any man on board
	layer_10: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board
	layer_12: yonder comes captain bull spick and span tide and drim who travels for four or six months every year of his life who does not commit himself by luxury of raiment or insolence of demeanour but i think is as great a snop as any man on board

file: 2506-11267-0015.flac
expected: bull passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a garret near his club
	layer_2: bul pases toseason an lunton spomging fortines andsleeping in a garit near his clup
	layer_4: boll passes thceason in lonton sponging for dinners and tleabing in agarrad nea his clup
	layer_6: borl passes tho season in lontdon sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurred near his clup
	layer_8: ball passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his clup
	layer_10: baul passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurret near his club
	layer_12: baul passes the season in london sponging for dinners and sleeping in a gurrot near his club

file: 2506-11267-0016.flac
expected: see he is up to old carabas already i told you he would
	layer_2: se is aptild carbas arady i toald to he wod
	layer_4: se is aptld carbes alridy i thold to he would
	layer_6: see heis opbtld carbas alrady i told you he would
	layer_8: see he s uptld carbas already i told you he would
	layer_10: see heis up tld carbas already i told you he would
	layer_12: see he is upto old carbas already i told you he would

file: 2506-11267-0017.flac
expected: that broad shouldered buck with the great whiskers and the cleaned white kid gloves is mister phelim clancy of poldoodystown he calls himself mister de clancy he endeavours to disguise his native brogue with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiards or ecarte with him the chances are that you will win the first game and he the seven or eight games ensuing
	layer_2: that bro toald ed bok waes egreat wisk ars omd the klentwit kid gloes is misterfelm clancy of pulldudy stown he caus himself mister doklanse he en deversto dis ciees nat ivf brk wah a rijest so eposition of ingliash and of uplay ad telliyards or ecart wits him de chantesar that ho wer on the firs gaing and he the seven or eid games ansuing
	layer_4: that broaugh churlded bok was a great weskarsom the clean twite kid gloves i's mister felem clansy of paldudy stown he cause himself mister doclonse he endeaversto disguinsees native bruk with he richest super possition of inglish and af fuplay at biliards or ecart watsh him did chantsersar that yhe wll won the firs gaing and he the ceven or eight games and suing
	layer_6: that broag chalded book was a great weskersand the clean twite kit gloffves i's mister fellomn clansy of pall duty s town he cause himself mister duklan se he endeavours to disguise his native brok with e richest superposition of english and i you play at billyards or ecart with him ded chancers ar that you well when the first gaing and he the seven or eight games andseing
	layer_8: that broad chaldered book was a great wiskers and the clean white kittglohs is mister felam clansy of paldudys down he callse himself mister duclon ci he endeavorsd to disguise his native brk with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiard's or a cart with him did chancees are that you wiell wen the first gan and he the seven or eight games en sueing
	layer_10: that broad shaldered book was a great whisqkers and the clean white kid gloves is mister phelam clansy of palduty's down he calls himself mister du clon ce he endeavours to disguise his native bru with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiard's or a card with him did chances are that you will wen the first game and he the seven or eight games en sewing
	layer_12: that broad sholdered book wats a great whisqers and the clean white kid gloves is mister phelam clansy of paulduti's down he callse himself mister du clon cy he endeavours to disguise his native bruku with the richest superposition of english and if you play at billiard's or a card with him did chances are that you will wen the first game and he the seven or eight games en suwing

file: 2506-11267-0018.flac
expected: the next person is but hark
	layer_2: the nexparson is o be t hark
	layer_4: the next person is winbet hark
	layer_6: the next person is un bet hark
	layer_8: the next person is ibut hark
	layer_10: the next person is ubut hark
	layer_12: the next person is but hark

file: 2506-11278-0000.flac
expected: when a gross instance of snobbishness happens why should not the indignant journalist call the public attention to that delinquency too
	layer_2: hen a grose instans of snomisioness hapens i should not the indicknan ganinis cares a pbicutentient es a dellning croce to
	layer_4: when agrose instans of snomishness happens wi should not the indicgnan garneless cals tha pubicattention toes hat delling co cy too
	layer_6: when i gros instance of snomishness happens wy should not the indignant jurnalist caus the public attention tuds that deling cu see too
	layer_8: when a gross instance of snolishness happens why should not the indignant journalist calse tha public attention dues hat delincu ce too
	layer_10: when a gross instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist calse the public attention dudes at delincouce too
	layer_12: when a gross instance of snomishness happens why should not the indignant journalist cause the public attention dutes at delincuce too

file: 2506-11278-0001.flac
expected: how for instance could that wonderful case of the earl of mangelwurzel and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_2: haw for instance couldsat ondi fo cate of tearn of mangl vrase anf his brosser be exemint in the snobish pointif h
	layer_4: how for instance could sat wonmdefolcate of the al of mangle virtsi and his broser be examint in the snobish point of huw
	layer_6: how for instance could sat wonderfulcate of the arl of mangle wirzel and his broser be exament in the snobbish point of hieuw
	layer_8: how for instance could shat wonderful cade of the arl of manglverze and his broter be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_10: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the earl of mangelverzi and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view
	layer_12: how for instance could that wonderful cate of the earl of mangelverzil and his brother be examined in the snobbish point of view

file: 2506-11278-0002.flac
expected: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangelwurzelshire
	layer_2: a re recuy is tha s amanshould be recommenito has by the rl of mangoarnsusher
	layer_4: al re requy is thas aman should be recomene to has by the earl of mangl ronsicare
	layer_6: all we requi es thas a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangean sesa
	layer_8: all we require es thats a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangeonsuche
	layer_10: all we require s that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangavonsushire
	layer_12: all we require is that a man should be recommended to us by the earl of mangolvonsushire

file: 2506-11278-0003.flac
expected: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_2: ol you pritrf al soblant
	layer_4: ho you pride of al slobland
	layer_6: oh you pride of all snobland
	layer_8: o you pride of all snorland
	layer_10: o you pride of all snobland
	layer_12: o you pride of all snobland

file: 2506-11278-0004.flac
expected: o you crawling truckling self confessed lackeys and parasites
	layer_2: ore cruling troklingselfcomfst lacces and parasits
	layer_4: oy cruering trocklingself confest lakiyes and parasigtes
	layer_6: obe creing truckling self confesst lackes and parasides
	layer_8: ohe crueling truckling self confessed luckies and parasides
	layer_10: o cruling truckling self confessed luckies and paracites
	layer_12: oe cruling truckling self confessed luckies and paracites

file: 2506-11278-0005.flac
expected: it was her snobbish sentiment that misled her and made her vanities a prey to the swindling fortune teller
	layer_2: it wases snobish senteiment tut mislet her and to mate hae vnates ofprado a this enlig fort en taler
	layer_4: it was he snopbuse sentiment thut mis let her andto mate hav vanities apraided i the s windling fortun taler
	layer_6: it was he snobbish sentiment thut miss let her andto made a vanities opprayddit the swindling fortune taler
	layer_8: it was her snobbish sentiment thugt mis let her and made ho vanities opraydi the swindling fortune taller
	layer_10: it was her snobbish sentiment thought mis let her and made he vanities o prey to the swindling fortune taller
	layer_12: it was her snobbish sentiment thought miss let her and made he vanities of prey to the swindling fortune taller

file: 2506-11278-0006.flac
expected: how would you account for the prodigious benevolence exercised towards the interesting young french lady
	layer_2: howl your coawnd fot prtiches be nevlan s exsacis to wel s intosing infrent lady
	layer_4: how od your cowund for the protiges ben evilens exercise to wasinte sing infrentlady
	layer_6: how wod youaccount for the proticus benevolen'e exercise to wards intesting in french lady
	layer_8: how oud you account for the pretigus benevolene exercise towards h intersting yaund french lady
	layer_10: how would you account for the protigious beneavolence exercise towards the interesting and french lady
	layer_12: how would you account for the protigious beneavolence exercise towards the intersting and french lady

file: 2506-11278-0007.flac
expected: the honest boarding house people were at her feet at once
	layer_2: the onmas ording houspieble r a ther fetetwones
	layer_4: the onos bording houspeble wrat her feete twons
	layer_6: the honursbording housepeoble wratd her feet at tons
	layer_8: the honors boarding house people rat her feet at one
	layer_10: the honors boarding house people were at her feet at one
	layer_12: the honours boarding house people were at her feet at onc

file: 2506-11278-0008.flac
expected: good honest simple lord loving children of snobland
	layer_2: got onas sy pel lo d loving  jildenm of s nmoplent
	layer_4: good hones sympel lord loving jildem of snoblan
	layer_6: good honu simple lord loving joldom of snobland
	layer_8: good honour simple lord loving jeldom of snobland
	layer_10: good honour simple lord loving jeldom of snobland
	layer_12: good honour simple lord loving jeldom of snobland

file: 2506-11278-0009.flac
expected: finally there was the case of the right honourable mister vernon at york
	layer_2: fininly there was occas of derid ononbur mis te virn an ha doug
	layer_4: finally there was occase of deride onorbu mister vern and that dug
	layer_6: finally there was accase of derid honorabl mister vern and tat g
	layer_8: finally there was a case of the rid honourable mister vern and at yrg
	layer_10: finally there was a case of de rigd honourabl mister verne and at yrk
	layer_12: finally there was a case of de rid honorab mister verne and at york

file: 2506-11278-0010.flac
expected: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_2: the rite onorabo was a sun of noblman and prect ist n in ol lady
	layer_4: the rihd onorabo was a sun of anobleman and precticet onun all lady
	layer_6: the right honorable was a son of an obleman and practicsed on an olld lady
	layer_8: the right honorable was a son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_10: the right honourable was the son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady
	layer_12: the right honorable was te son of a nobleman and practised on an old lady

file: 2506-11278-0011.flac
expected: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_2: then he casd his nets over family of fat them mother andaters one of him hepoprosed tomary
	layer_4: then he cased his nets over efamily of fatherm mother and auters one of him he proprosed temary
	layer_6: then he cast his nets over afamily of father mother and auhters one of him he proposed to mary
	layer_8: then he cast his nets over a family o father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to mary
	layer_10: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry
	layer_12: then he cast his nets over a family of father mother and daughters one of whom he proposed to marry

file: 2506-11278-0012.flac
expected: one day the traitor fled with a teapot and a basketful of cold victuals
	layer_2: one davd the dreat of plat with a teporto and a basked fol of culd ficchrs
	layer_4: one dayd the drat of bloed with a teporte and a busked ful of calld fictures
	layer_6: one dayed the drat of blat whith a teabougter and a busket ful of cold victures
	layer_8: one daed the drait of flat with a tea bwater and a busketful of cold victures
	layer_10: one daed the drate of flat with a tea pater and a basket full of cold victures
	layer_12: one daied the drate of flat with a tea pater and a basket full of cold victures

file: 2506-11278-0013.flac
expected: it was the right honourable which baited the hook which gorged all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_2: it as arn vid onmerabe which bated the hook which gogh l these greedy semtle snobes
	layer_4: it os avide onoraba which bated the whook which goge al these greedy simple snorbes
	layer_6: it was avide honorablle which baded the hook which guurge all these greedys simple snobs
	layer_8: it was avite honorable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_10: it was a vitd honourable which batedh the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs
	layer_12: it was a vit honorable which bated the hook which gorge all these greedy simple snobs

file: 2506-11278-0014.flac
expected: would they have been taken in by a commoner
	layer_2: whul ey have pentaken in by comeoiner
	layer_4: what e have ben taken in by comona
	layer_6: what ey have been taken in by commoner
	layer_8: what they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_10: what they have been taken in by commoner
	layer_12: what they have been taken in by commoner

file: 2506-11278-0015.flac
expected: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_2: an las and an lars what mart a mamn tha speak sitrs con hoepe for such an an lady
	layer_4: a las and a lars what matar man tha speak atruth can hope for such anlan lady
	layer_6: a las and alairs what mater man thet speaks te truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_8: alas and alars what mota man that speaks the truth can hope for such a land lady
	layer_10: alas and alais what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady
	layer_12: alas and alas what mortal man that speaks the truth can hope for such a landlady

file: 2506-11278-0016.flac
expected: and yet all these instances of fond and credulous snobbishness have occurred in the same week's paper with who knows how many score more
	layer_2: andt a otsi se incences af fomdand cretchuloa smobishness aver curd am the same weekpaper was he na s houmany scor moal
	layer_4: and yat althyes insences of fomdand cratchuluss snobishness have o cured an the same weeks paber was her no's how  many scor mo
	layer_6: and yet walses incences ofe fond and cratculous snobbishness have occurred hem the same weeks paber with honow s how many schorl mor
	layer_8: and yet althes instances or fond and cretulous snobbishness have occurred thim the same weeks paper with who knows how many school moral
	layer_10: and yet all these instances of fond incredulous snobbishness have occurred them the same week's paper with who knows how many school morl
	layer_12: and yet all these instances of fond incredulous snobbishness have occurred them the same week's paper with who knows how many school morl

file: 2506-11278-0017.flac
expected: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_2: wey athr e sisters o seventen to tente ton
	layer_4: we urethree  systers om seventeen to trente tone
	layer_6: we are thre sisters mhom seventeen to trentitume
	layer_8: we are three sisters rhom seventeen to twenty twome
	layer_10: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two
	layer_12: we are three sisters from seventeen to twenty two

file: 2506-11278-0018.flac
expected: we are just the same to persons with a handle to their name as to those without it
	layer_2: we ad ju sor samed to purses for rwasa handl t ohsan aemust to sos was ourdit
	layer_4: we are jus e samed to persens for was a handle toths an amust toitos was outit
	layer_6: we are just te same to persons for is a handle ti thein a m ust de those wash out it
	layer_8: we are just the same to persons wor is a handle to theirnam as to those without it
	layer_10: we are just the same to persons who ish a handle to their nam as to those without it
	layer_12: we are just the same to persons who ith a handle to their nam as to those without it

file: 2506-11278-0019.flac
expected: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering hope
	layer_2: if you do i cannataullid di am oe ha sanguen disposition and ator tain il lin gring homep
	layer_4: if yo do i cannotal d bud iarm oveer senguan disposition and antor taine lingring homp
	layer_6: if you do i cannot halpbit but i am of a sanguind disposition and entertain alingering homp
	layer_8: if you do i cannot hel it but i am of a sanguine disposition andto entertain the lingering hom
	layer_10: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain a lingering home
	layer_12: if you do i cannot help it but i am of a sanguine disposition and entertain tha lingering home

file: 2506-11278-0020.flac
expected: excuse this scrawl but i always write headlong
	layer_2: exkus es gr bud it balwhays reigt had long
	layer_4: excus hes gruw but i always right had long
	layer_6: excuse this grwl but i always right had long
	layer_8: excuse tis gruwel but i always wriht hed long
	layer_10: excuse this gruwel but i always writ headlong
	layer_12: excuse this gruwl but i always write headlong

file: 2506-11278-0021.flac
expected: we never write on perfumed paper in short i can't help thinking that if you knew us you would not think us snobs
	layer_2: we neveer rit a bpe fum to paver ind jold i cont elp sinking that af hineas you whrld noc sing i snopes
	layer_4: we never right a befume to pavur in jyurd i com'et up sinking that if ye neues you would not sink i snops
	layer_6: we never wriht on prfume to paver inghorg i can't eulp sinking that if you neres you ould not sink hi snops
	layer_8: we never write an perfume to paver in george i can't hep shinking that if yeu knewus you would not sink his snops
	layer_10: we never write or perfume to paer in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops
	layer_12: we never write on perfume to paer in george i can't help thinking that if he knew us you would not sink his snops

file: 2506-11278-0022.flac
expected: i shall have a black crape round my white hat and my usual bamboo cane with the richly gilt knob
	layer_2: i shar have a bleaccrap orohad my a wit hat ant's my yuse u byn be can ash suv ritully gild no
	layer_4: i shal have a bleckcrab r had my an white heat and s my yousall ban be came is suritually guild  novf
	layer_6: i shal have a blac crabero ad myn white head and o my usal bambu came i ser ricually guildknov
	layer_8: i shall have a black craperado my white hat andto my usual bamboo cae wie sir richally gilt nob
	layer_10: i shall have a black craprad my white hat and  my usual bamboo came was sir richely gilt nof
	layer_12: i shall have a black craper ad my white hat and t my usual bamboo came was sir richely gilt knof

file: 2506-11278-0023.flac
expected: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_2: i amser yoste will be no time toget ufp mostusioes bedre now ind nextweegu
	layer_4: i am ser is there will be no time to get up mostashus bet we now and nextweeg
	layer_6: i am soryeas there well be no time to get up mostaches betwee now and next week
	layer_8: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_10: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week
	layer_12: i am sorry there will be no time to get up moustaches between now and next week

file: 2506-11278-0024.flac
expected: from seventeen to two and twenty ye gods what ages
	layer_2: fromseventem ti toe intrenty yid gatsr tages
	layer_4: from seventeem ti to entranty yid gadts fortages
	layer_6: from seventeemd ito intranty you guads fort agoes
	layer_8: from seventeen ditointrante you guads ort ages
	layer_10: from seventeen di tointrante your gords fort ages
	layer_12: from seventeen dito intrente your gords fort ages

file: 2506-11278-0025.flac
expected: dear young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_2: dar yuncreaces i caonsy youe al tree
	layer_4: theare youn creachus i cansee you all three
	layer_6: there youn creatures i can se you all three
	layer_8: there young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_10: there young creatures i can see you all three
	layer_12: there young creatures i can see you all three

file: 2506-11278-0026.flac
expected: seventeen suits me as nearest my own time of life but mind i don't say two and twenty is too old
	layer_2: seent insus me as ne ae as my on t hime  flife but myiti don't sa turn tranty stold
	layer_4: sevent ein sos me as near as my untime oflife but my t i don't say turntrentystld
	layer_6: seventeencus me as nearas my ontime of life but might i don't say to n trenty stald
	layer_8: seventeensus me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two ntwentystld
	layer_10: seventeen sus me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two an twenties told
	layer_12: seventeen sous me as near as my own time of life but might i don't say two and twenties to ld

file: 2506-11278-0027.flac
expected: no no and that pretty roguish demure middle one
	layer_2: no no an tha frcy rogise to mer midde on
	layer_4: no kno and that frity rogis to mur miderone
	layer_6: now now an that frityrogis demiere middeone
	layer_8: now no am that fritty rogis de mure middl one
	layer_10: no no an that pretty rogu is de mure middle one
	layer_12: no no and that pretty rogue is de mure middle one

file: 2506-11278-0028.flac
expected: peace peace thou silly little fluttering heart
	layer_2: pes pes thar silly lisrf fluttering heard
	layer_4: pese peas ther cilly lissof fluttering heart
	layer_6: pese pease ther silly listle fluttering heart
	layer_8: pase peace their silly listle fluttering heart
	layer_10: pease peace their silly listle fluttering heart
	layer_12: pease peace their silly listle fluttering heart

file: 2506-11278-0029.flac
expected: you snobs dear young ladies
	layer_2: yo snorbsty ungladis
	layer_4: you snobsty ong ladies
	layer_6: you snobsdy young ladies
	layer_8: you snobsdty young ladies
	layer_10: you snobsty young ladies
	layer_12: you snobsty young ladies

file: 2506-11278-0030.flac
expected: i will pull any man's nose who says so
	layer_2: i will pa any men's now so sesso
	layer_4: i willpog any man's no si ses so
	layer_6: i will par any man's now so says so
	layer_8: i will pou any man's know so says so
	layer_10: i will pau any man's nose who says so
	layer_12: i will pau any man's nose who says so

file: 2506-11278-0031.flac
expected: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_2: there is now hearme en being of r goot favely
	layer_4: there is no harm an being of a good faly
	layer_6: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_8: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_10: there is no harm in being of a good family
	layer_12: there is no harm in being of a good family

file: 2506-11278-0032.flac
expected: you can't help it poor dears what's in a name
	layer_2: ou come telpet poedias woatsin a mam
	layer_4: you com' tel it po i dars whads in a ame
	layer_6: you cam'e tel bit por o dears what's an a mame
	layer_8: you can't tel bit pooadears what's in he name
	layer_10: you can't el it pooadars what's in e name
	layer_12: you can't help it pooadears what's in he name

file: 2506-11278-0033.flac
expected: that very confidence savours of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_2: tha t fary comfid in saves of aragans af to be arigant is to be asnoge
	layer_4: that vfery confiden savius of aragans an to be arigant is to be asnob
	layer_6: that very confidentce savious of aroganse and to be erogant is to be a snob
	layer_8: that very confidenc savius of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_10: that very confident save us of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob
	layer_12: that very confident save us of arrogance and to be arrogant is to be a snob

file: 2506-11278-0034.flac
expected: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts no souls humble simple and truth loving
	layer_2: bhe d ther kno conin nates lhe ten the heards the sas humble simblantrus loving
	layer_4: but doa theyr no cini natures lotender hears thou saus humble simple an trus loving
	layer_6: but are theyre no kindy natures no tender heards tho soul's humble simple and trues loving
	layer_8: but are there no kindy natures no tender heards those souls humble simble and truce loving
	layer_10: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts tho souls humble simple and truthe loving
	layer_12: but are there no kindly natures no tender hearts tho souls humble simple and truthe loving

file: 2506-11278-0035.flac
expected: ponder well on this question sweet young ladies
	layer_2: pondr wellon thi squesien sweton lades
	layer_4: ponder well on the squiestian swedyon ladies
	layer_6: ponder well on the scuestion swadyon ladies
	layer_8: pon der wellon this question sweed young ladies
	layer_10: ponder well on this question sweed young ladies
	layer_12: ponder well on this question sweed young ladies

file: 2506-169427-0000.flac
expected: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodical or accidental payments of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair alive till at length in some evil hour pop comes the creditor upon each and by demanding principal upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their obligations
	layer_2: interes towever stil rounsnin biscases so phereotic o exitat upament of it juserveing to keap the mumry of thy fi re live tilat lengs in someme eve llor pup comdse credeter uponige and tebyde amond ing princeipel up on the spot to gether was ful an dresto hever day maked om both feel the fullextentof theveroblications
	layer_4: interes thowever still runzon imbothcases te periodica or exced ant ar pament of it jus serving to keep the mamory of the affairve relive til at lings in some w evelower pup comes ecrediter uponeage and obyeamonding wrinceiple up on the spot to gether was ful andres to the very day makes shom both fiel the full extent of theireoblications
	layer_6: interest however still ranzon an bothcases the periodica or excident uphayment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affairv relive till at lengh in so eve l houer pop comes te creditor upon each and by dremanding principle upon the spot together was full indress to the very day makes them both field the full extent of their oblications
	layer_8: interest however still runzon in both cases the periodica or accident apayment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair relive till at length in some evial hour pop comeste creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full intress to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_10: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodicer or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair oralifve till at length in some evil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications
	layer_12: interest however still runs on in both cases the periodicer or accidental payment of it just serving to keep the memory of the affair oralive till at length in some evil hour pop comes a creditor upon each and by demanding principle upon the spot together with full interest to the very day makes them both feel the full extent of their oblications

file: 2506-169427-0001.flac
expected: as the reader for i hate your ifs has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mementos
	layer_2: as e reder for i had youl rives as a sorre nolegeh of hmanatr i ne notaym mo to seterfy him sat my hr ow cud nogt go on at this rat wiss oud some slidt experans of seasentidentof memantos
	layer_4: as te rader for i had your rives has a surou nologe of hurmanature i nead not tame more to sat ofy him said my hero could not go on at this raide wisout some slight experienc of teson identl memantose
	layer_6: as the reder for i hade your rivs has a sorreug knowledge of humanagure i need not say more to satify him saidt my hero could not go on at this rad without some slight experience of shease an identlmymantos
	layer_8: as the reader for i hade your rits has a sorog knowledge of human agour i need not say more to satify him that my hero could not go on at this rade without some slight experience of shease incidental mimantos
	layer_10: as the reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human ature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos
	layer_12: as the reader for i hate your rives has a thorough knowledge of human nature i need not say more to satisfy him that my hero could not go on at this rate without some slight experience of these incidental mimentos

file: 2506-169427-0002.flac
expected: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debts of this stamp which notwithstanding eugenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted thro any malignancy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and a mere jocundity of humour they would all of them be cross'd out in course
	layer_2: to speae the troth he hadt wa torly invoved himsel f in amartitud of smar bokdeats of thistamnb which noth wie stending ugniou s as freken te t fise he two much disre garderd tinking tat as nod one of thon woast contracted forhgh any mylignesy but on the condry froman alnlme sty of mind and the mardeoccoundity of humer they would anl othem becrostountin cos
	layer_4: to spee the truth he had wantenly involfd himself in a maltitue of small book dads of this s tamb which not wis sternding yugenius as frequente d fice he towo much disrygarded thinking thad as not one of them was contracted frough any myligncy but on the condry from an onme sty of mind and temar eocundity of humur they would allof than becrosstount in calse
	layer_6: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book dads of this  tamp which not withstanding ugenious as frequented vice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an hoesty of mind and the mare jo cundity of humor they would all o them becross ount in couse
	layer_8: to speak the truth he had wantenly involved himself in a multitude of small book debds of this damp which notwithstanding eugenius 's frequentedvice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere gecundity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_10: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book debds of this tamp which notwithstanding yougenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and te mere ocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause
	layer_12: to speak the truth he had wantonly involved himself in a multitude of small book deds of this tamp which notwithstanding yougenius's frequent advice he too much disregarded thinking that as not one of them was contracted through any malignacy but on the contrary from an honesty of mind and the mere djocunity of humour they would all of them be crossed out in cause

file: 2506-169427-0003.flac
expected: eugenius would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or other he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to the uttermost mite
	layer_2: yougin is woud neveer tmidt this iand to would offen tell hhim se towaone day a rasar hou would satinly be reccontwis and he world offrn ad in an axsent of sorow ful aprehantion j is u term mosd bit
	layer_4: youdin is whould nevere d mid this and  would often tell him ta to one day arose he would settinly be recont wis and hi would offen ad in an accent of sorrow ful apprehansion to it uter most bit
	layer_6: euginis would never a dmit this and would often tell him that one day a rozar he would certainly be reckonedo with and he would often add in an accent of sorrow ful apprehansion to hite utermost bit
	layer_8: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day or rosa he would certainly be reckonedto wish and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to his uttermost bit
	layer_10: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day o rozah he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to his utter most bite
	layer_12: eugenis would never admit this and would often tell him that one day o rozah he would certainly be reckoned with and he would often add in an accent of sorrowful apprehension to his utter most bite

file: 2506-169427-0004.flac
expected: what inclined eugenius to the same opinion was as follows
	layer_2: what in clind hou genus  is as same l panion was as follows
	layer_4: what inclind yujenieuse to is the samea painion as as follows
	layer_6: what inclined hugenius to is the same opanion was as follows
	layer_8: what inclined ugenius tos the same opinion was as follows
	layer_10: what inclined eugenius tois the same opinion was as follows
	layer_12: what inclined eugenius tois the same opinion was as follows

file: 2506-169427-0005.flac
expected: yorick followed eugenius with his eyes to the door he then closed them and never opened them more
	layer_2: yourec followge hyu dnis watsusise to si da yis en closet sthim an to nefer opren themmor
	layer_4: youryc followe ou jeness was is iyse to tha da heis encloast them und tenever openm them mo
	layer_6: your rick followed hugnus was is yes too the door his enclose to them and ti never opene them morne
	layer_8: yeurwick followed eugenius was his eyes tooh the door hesthen close to them and o never opened them more
	layer_10: yourwick followed eugenis wash his eyes to the door he then close to them and  never opened them ore
	layer_12: yeorwic followed eugenis wath his eyes to the door he then closed to them and never opened them ore

file: 2506-169427-0006.flac
expected: alas poor yorick
	layer_2: alals po yurik
	layer_4: alas po youric
	layer_6: alas poor oric
	layer_8: alas por yorick
	layer_10: alas por oric
	layer_12: alas pororic

file: 4570-14911-0000.flac
expected: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_2: neve the less in geneal apparnce the harior and the fouxsound ervraig luch a like the one oies distinction being thaut of sis
	layer_4: neve the less in general apparance the harrior and the foxhound of very much a like the one ofvious distinction being that of sis
	layer_6: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the fox hound or very much alike the one ovious distinction being that of sis
	layer_8: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound ar very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_10: nevertheless in general appearance the harrier and the foxhound arevery much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size
	layer_12: nevertheless in general appearance the harier and the foxhound are very much alike the one obvious distinction being that of size

file: 4570-14911-0001.flac
expected: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_2: if yo wat to huntr harr iers on foot sixtn inceses quiet bigyou no omos to big to run wit but if you are ridingng to them twnting enches as a yousful highte for yeven nlight tennanches
	layer_4: if you want to huntur hariars on floo sixtein inches is quite big ou nough almost too big o run with but if you are ridinginto them twenting inches as a useful hit or even nightteeininters
	layer_6: if you want to hunt our hariers on foot sixteen inches is quite big eunough almost too big to run with but if you are wridingto them twenty inches as a useful height or even nineteennintes
	layer_8: if you want to hunt yeur harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_10: if you want to hunt your harriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful height or even nineteen inches
	layer_12: if you want to hunt your herriers on foot sixteen inches is quite big enough almost too big to run with but if you are riding to them twenty inches is a useful heiht or even ninetee inches

file: 4570-14911-0002.flac
expected: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to colour it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_2: it is us les to li down iny heard an fash real ast colorc it is somuch a matter of individual tast
	layer_4: it is usless to li down any hard and fashed rual as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_6: it is useless to laye down any hard and fasht rul as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_8: it is useless to lay down any hard and fasht rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_10: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste
	layer_12: it is useless to lay down any hard and fast rule as to color it is so much a matter of individual taste

file: 4570-14911-0003.flac
expected: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kept and reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_2: but pupiesr usly send out to wok and mea asly be procared to be captin rired untill theire odenough to be inerd to their work
	layer_4: but pupiesar usely sent out to walk and may easly be perocured to be captain reard until their oldenough to be intered to their work
	layer_6: but puppies are usualy sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be kaptain reard until they r old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_8: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be endered to their work
	layer_10: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work
	layer_12: but puppies are usually sent out to walk and may easily be procured to be captain reared until they are old enough to be entered to their work

file: 4570-14911-0004.flac
expected: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thighs
	layer_2: he is of courcse finer but with thee lingkth of neck so perfic ind the bigger holnd iotle shuldlers of the sime paern and they topaco quarters an secn tlos
	layer_4: he is of course fliner but with thetlingth of neck so perfect in the biger hoand blilittle shoulders of the sine pattern and the topicll quarters and second cas
	layer_6: he is of course fliner but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger halnd he little shoulders of the samn pattern and the typical quarters and second tis
	layer_8: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hond the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thies
	layer_10: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second thihs
	layer_12: he is of course finer but with the length of neck so perfect in the bigger hound the little shoulders of the same pattern and the typical quarters and second this

file: 4570-14911-0005.flac
expected: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_2: and when he is fairely on a line ofcourcee stict to it as the sayng s like abegol
	layer_4: and when he is fairely on a line of cours e stick to it as the saying is like a begle
	layer_6: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saing is like a begol
	layer_8: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagl
	layer_10: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle
	layer_12: and when he is fairly on a line of course he sticks to it as the saying is like a beagle

file: 4570-14911-0006.flac
expected: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otterhound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_2: it his quit possible their for that the begl was croshed with te welh sothern or oter hound to get more sies and powr as ther cently was a welsh ruf couted bel of good eighten incies and in almost at dentical conteipery that was called the essects be
	layer_4: it is quipe possible theirfor that the begl was crossed with the welsh southern or outer hound to get more sigse and power as there cerntly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and in almost hat denical contimprary that was called the essect beagl
	layer_6: it is quite possible therefore that the beagl was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated begle of good eighteen inches and in almost at dentical contemporary that was called the essecs begal
	layer_8: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_10: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle
	layer_12: it is quite possible therefore that the beagle was crossed with the welsh southern or otter hound to get more size and power as there certainly was a welsh rough coated beagle of good eighteen inches and an almost identical contemporary that was called the essex beagle

file: 4570-14911-0007.flac
expected: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier and beagle association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterborough hound show was reserved for them
	layer_2: that a great miny of the tre or were bread became gvery maniest as sonas the hearriour amd bigl o sosation as frm and mwore pertocelly wen a section of the peter beiral howndsho was reserd forthet
	layer_4: that agreat miny of the true orr were bread became very manifest as son as the harrior and begal asociation was form and more porticurly when acection of the peter birl hounsho was reserved for theh
	layer_6: that a great many of the true order were bread became very manifist as soon as the harrier andbegl association was forme and more particualrly when a section of the peter birg houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_8: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harrier an begal association was formed and more particularly when asection of the peterborogh houndshow was reserved for the
	layer_10: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harier and begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterburough houndshaw was reserved for the
	layer_12: that a great many of the true order were bred became very manifest as soon as the harier an begal association was formed and more particularly when a section of the peterburough houndshaw was reserved for the

file: 4570-14911-0008.flac
expected: then they seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_2: then i seeme esbraing ommevry part of the country
	layer_4: then i seemed tespreng omevery part of the country
	layer_6: then i seemed to spring rom every part of the country
	layer_8: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_10: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country
	layer_12: then i seemed to spring from every part of the country

file: 4570-14911-0009.flac
expected: one hears now of the chauston the halstead place very noted indeed the hulton the leigh park the stoke place the edinburgh the surbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus g w hilliard's missus price's and missus turner's
	layer_2: one hears now of the chostom the houstad plase very noted inded the hallton the le park the stoke place the et inber the e suraton the troinit y foot the wood day miss is e du a hillars nis as prises anif missus turner
	layer_4: one hears now of the choston the housd ad place very noted indeed the holton the lea park the stoke place the edenbirk the i serbiton the trinity foot the wood dayle missus yodubia hiliards misus prices and missus turners
	layer_6: one hears now of the chostom the house had place very noted indeed the hulton the le park the stoke place the edenburg the serbiton thetrenity foot the wood dal missus edabia hilliards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_8: one hears now of the choston the house had place very noted indeed the halton the lepark the stoke place the edinburg the serbiton tetrinity foot the wooddale missus edebia hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_10: one hears now of the chaston the house took place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stope place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus idaa hillyards missus prices and missus turners
	layer_12: one hears now of the chaston the house took place very noted indeed the halton the lee park the stope place the edinburg the serbiton the trinity foot the wooddale missus a hillards missus prices and missus turners

file: 4570-14911-0010.flac
expected: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bulgy and with a mild expression
	layer_2: oyes rownd dar casl or hasal not deepsat norbuolgy an witha miu t expression
	layer_4: eys broun dar casl or hasal not deep sat nor bolgy and with a miled expression
	layer_6: eyes brown dar cazel or hazel not deep sat norbolgy and with a miled expression
	layer_8: eyes brown dark chazel or hazel not deep set nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_10: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bolgy and with a mild expression
	layer_12: eyes brown dark hazel or hazel not deep set nor bolgy and with a mild expression

file: 4570-14911-0011.flac
expected: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_2: ears long set on lo fit in textere and  hanging in agreactful fold cloas to the chek
	layer_4: ears long set on low fin intexture and hanging in a graceful fold clos to the chiek
	layer_6: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_8: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_10: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek
	layer_12: ears long set on low fine in texture and hanging in a graceful fold close to the cheek

file: 4570-14911-0012.flac
expected: neck moderately long slightly arched the throat showing some dewlap
	layer_2: netk motertly long slily eargcheed thet throae chowing somn do lea
	layer_4: ne moderaly long slily arced he throate showing some du la
	layer_6: nek moderatly long slily ared the throat showing some dulap
	layer_8: neck moderately long slyly arced the throat showing some du lap
	layer_10: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dew lap
	layer_12: neck moderately long slyly arched the throat showing some dew lap

file: 4570-14911-0013.flac
expected: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_2: sholders clen and slightly sloping
	layer_4: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_6: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_8: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_10: shoulders clean and slightly sloping
	layer_12: shoulders clean and slightly sloping

file: 4570-14911-0014.flac
expected: fore legs quite straight well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_2: for les pichstret fwill undeod the do af good subsioince and round in the bom
	layer_4: four ligs pite street fwele under the dog of good substance and round in the bon
	layer_6: four legs quite street well under the dog of good substance and round in the bomne
	layer_8: fore legs quite streiet fwell under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_10: fore legs wuhite streeht well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone
	layer_12: fore legs wuite streeht well under the dog of good substance and round in the bone

file: 4570-14911-0015.flac
expected: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_2: fet rownd well nucaledup and stronly padet
	layer_4: fee round well nucaled up and stronglly padid
	layer_6: feet round well nuckled up and strongly patt et
	layer_8: feet round well knuckled up and strongly paded
	layer_10: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded
	layer_12: feet round well knuckled up and strongly padded

file: 4570-14911-0016.flac
expected: coat smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_2: cot smove veridy smoovth pery dens and not two fine or short
	layer_4: co smo arity smoote bery dence and not two fine or short
	layer_6: coat smooth variety smooth vury dente and not too fine or short
	layer_8: coa smooth variety smooth very dence and not too fine or short
	layer_10: coak smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short
	layer_12: coak smooth variety smooth very dense and not too fine or short

file: 4570-14911-0017.flac
expected: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_2: hit not ecceeding sixteyen anches
	layer_4: hight not ecceeting sixteen entes
	layer_6: hight not exceeding sixteen intes
	layer_8: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_10: height not exceeding sixteen inches
	layer_12: height not exceeding sixteen inches

file: 4570-24733-0000.flac
expected: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_2: allthings which follo from the apsolutin nature ofe any atr beaut of god must all was exist and be infenit or n other words  are ect arnal and infinit throuee the said atrbe
	layer_4: all things which follow from the absoluteen nature of any atribaute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar each hernal and infinite through thee said atribute
	layer_6: all things which follow from the absoluten nature of any atribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words ar each ernel and infinite through these said attribute
	layer_8: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_10: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute
	layer_12: all things which follow from the absolute nature of any attribute of god must always exist and be infinite or in other words are eternal and infinite through the said attribute

file: 4570-24733-0001.flac
expected: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_2: pro concev ifit bepossibl suposing the propositien to be denide that the somepthing in som atrbeut of gotcan follow from ty absilut nature ofe the sad attrbe and thathe same time it is fi night and has a conditiond existancs or deration for instance the idya of god expresst in the atr beaut fhougt
	layer_4: prof conceve if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denid that the something in som atrbeute of go can follow from the absolute nature of these said atribut and that at tha same time it is finight and has a conditiond existence or diration for instance the idya of god expressed in the atribute thought
	layer_6: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied thatt something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of these said attribute and that at the same time it is fyniht and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_8: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of thes said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_10: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought
	layer_12: proof conceive if it be possible supposing the proposition to be denied that something in some attribute of god can follow from the absolute nature of the said attribute and that at the same time it is finite and has a conditioned existence or duration for instance the idea of god expressed in the attribute thought

file: 4570-24733-0002.flac
expected: in its nature infinite
	layer_2: in its niture anfinat
	layer_4: in its nature infinat
	layer_6: in its nature infinite
	layer_8: in its nature infinite
	layer_10: in its nature infinite
	layer_12: in its nature infinite

file: 4570-24733-0003.flac
expected: must necessarily exist
	layer_2: mustnicessarily exist
	layer_4: must necessarily exist
	layer_6: mast necessarily exist
	layer_8: must necessarily exist
	layer_10: must necessarily exist
	layer_12: must necessarily exist

file: 4570-24733-0004.flac
expected: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hypothesis
	layer_2: wle have now gratted theire for tfougt not conshitutting the eidy of god and acqortingly the idia of god doos not naturally follow fra mits nature inso far as it is abso lu hught for itdiis conceeve as cosituoting and allso as not costtuting the idea of got which is against or hapotheces
	layer_4: wle have now graded theirefor thought not consituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow framits nature inso far as it is absolut thought for iti is conceived as consituting and also as not constituting the idea of got which is against ore hapthesis
	layer_6: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from iits nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against our hapothesis
	layer_8: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against or hypothesis
	layer_10: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against aur hypothesis
	layer_12: we have now granted therefore thought not constituting the idea of god and accordingly the idea of god does not naturally follow from its nature in so far as it is absolute thought for it is conceived as constituting and also as not constituting the idea of god which is against aur hypothesis

file: 4570-24733-0005.flac
expected: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we supposed that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_2: and be on the limits of the diration of the idy of god supposing the latter at some time not to hav ixisted fore not to be qoing to exist fought wood perforse have existid with out the idya of god which is contry toar hapothecis for wesuppos that fought beng given the ide of god nes sarly flowd ther frum
	layer_4: and beon the limites of the diration of the idea of god supposing te latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed with out the idea of god which is contry to aur hupothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of godin hes sarly flowed there from
	layer_6: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought woold perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hapothesis four we suppose that thought being given the idea of god n hs sarly flowed ther from
	layer_8: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god ecssarily flowed there from
	layer_10: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom
	layer_12: and beyond the limits of the duration of the idea of god supposing the latter at some time not to have existed or not to be going to exist thought would perforce have existed without the idea of god which is contrary to our hypothesis for we suppose that thought being given the idea of god necessarily flowed therefrom

file: 4570-24733-0006.flac
expected: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_2: bearin min that the same proposition may be of furmeed of ny thhing which an any atrbut na sessarly follows from gods apsilue natur
	layer_4: bearin mind that the same propositian may be of firmed of anything which in any atribaute necessarily follows from godes absolute nature
	layer_6: bearon mind that the same proposition may be offirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_8: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_10: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature
	layer_12: bear in mind that the same proposition may be affirmed of anything which in any attribute necessarily follows from god's absolute nature

file: 4570-24733-0007.flac
expected: corollary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things essendi rerum
	layer_2: corler hanc it follose that god iis not only the caus of things coming into existanc but also of their continuwinin existans thadiis inscolasticrisyoligy  god is caus of the being of thngs assindy reromme
	layer_4: courlery hanse it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existance that is ins colastic frasiology god is case of the being of things as sendy rera
	layer_6: corlary hance it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is ins colastic phrasiology god is cause of the being of things as cindi reram
	layer_8: corelary heence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is inscolastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as sindi reram
	layer_10: corelary hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindi rerum
	layer_12: corelari hence it follows that god is not only the cause of things coming into existence but also of their continuing in existence that is in scholastic phraseology god is cause of the being of things as cindi rerum

file: 4570-24733-0008.flac
expected: corollary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_2: coralary indi vidul things are nothing but motfications of the atrbuts of god or mods by which the atrbets of god ar exprest iny fixd anddefinat manner
	layer_4: corelary individual things are nothing but motifications of the atributes of god or modes by which the atributes of god are expresst iny fixed and definate manner
	layer_6: coralary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in afixed and definente manner
	layer_8: corulary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed ina fixed and definite manner
	layer_10: corellary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner
	layer_12: corellary individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of god or modes by which the attributes of god are expressed in a fixed and definite manner

file: 4570-56594-0000.flac
expected: such a corps such a time you never did see
	layer_2: sigh u cor sich a tim you neverdidsy
	layer_4: sach o cor sich a time you never dedsy
	layer_6: sucha cor such af time you never did se
	layer_8: such a cor such a time you never dad see
	layer_10: such a core such a time you never dared see
	layer_12: such a core such a time you never dared see

file: 4570-56594-0001.flac
expected: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiany made a break
	layer_2: ou as wition some bode woald givd the cond ersation u start wn in iany madto break
	layer_4: owas wishian some bodhy would gived the convrsation a start wen in diany madete break
	layer_6: i was wishan somebody would give the conversation a start when in dianni mayde a break
	layer_8: i was wishin somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_10: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indiani made a break
	layer_12: i was wishing somebody would give the conversation a start when indianni made a break

file: 4570-56594-0002.flac
expected: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_2: this  at no great stot country says he to the ol gentlman with the kan
	layer_4: this ait no great stot country says he to the old gentleman with the kan
	layer_6: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_8: this ain't no great stok country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_10: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane
	layer_12: this ain't no great stock country says he to the old gentleman with the cane

file: 4570-56594-0003.flac
expected: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_2: no sor says the ol jentnen
	layer_4: no sir says the ol gentlemen
	layer_6: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_8: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_10: no sir says the old gentleman
	layer_12: no sir says the old gentleman

file: 4570-56594-0004.flac
expected: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_2: ther s ver little grasing here and the raiges pretty much wor out
	layer_4: thereis very little grasing here and the rages pretty much ware out
	layer_6: there's very little grazing here and the ranges pretty much were out
	layer_8: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_10: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out
	layer_12: there's very little grazing here and the range is pretty much wore out

file: 4570-56594-0005.flac
expected: the young lady smiled through her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_2: the ng laty smol thehr va and the old laty snapter eys an lookx cidwas at the speaker
	layer_4: the young lady smile thou hr val and the old lady snapter eys and look sideways at the speaker
	layer_6: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_8: the young lady smiled to her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_10: the young lady smiled thou her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker
	layer_12: the young lady smiled tough her veil and the old lady snapped her eyes and looked sideways at the speaker

file: 4570-56594-0006.flac
expected: i'm gwine down to orleans to see if i can't git a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys what's been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_2: an win d ound arlingns to see f i can't get contract out of uncle sam to feed the bos ancs been liokin thim in frnal mexkon so ba
	layer_4: in wine dow d arlins to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sm to feed the boys once been liok in them in furnal mexcon so bad
	layer_6: i'm wine dow to aur leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been lioking them in fernal mexikins so bad
	layer_8: i'm wind down to our leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been licking them infernal mexican so bad
	layer_10: i'm win own to our leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad
	layer_12: i'm wind own to or leans to see if i can't get a contract out of uncle sam to feed the boys once been lickin them infernal mexicans so bad

file: 4570-56594-0007.flac
expected: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_2: overid some a councs of the battl says the ol jentlemen the didn't yie a very flatering a cout of the conduck do some of bartrups
	layer_4: i'f red some a counce of the battle says the hol gentlemen thet didn't yive af very flattering a cout of the conduc d o some of or troops
	layer_6: i've red some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman the didn't yuve a very flattering a count of the conducto some of our troops
	layer_8: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct o some of our troops
	layer_10: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman tha didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops
	layer_12: i've read some accounts of the battle says the old gentleman that didn't give a very flattering account of the conduct of some of our troops

file: 4570-56594-0008.flac
expected: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twistin and groanin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_2: the ol preature lisindo im with evid ent sinds of ds plasur to histin in gronin tilhe coulden stant it no longer
	layer_4: the ol preature lisen to him with evident sins of dis plasure to isten an gronin tily couldn' stand it no longer
	layer_6: the old preacher listen to him with evident sins of dis plasure twistin and grownin till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_8: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_10: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer
	layer_12: the old preacher listened to him with evident signs of displeasure twisting and groaning till he couldn't stand it no longer

file: 4570-56594-0009.flac
expected: he shut his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_2: he shud his mouth rat in e metle of waty wi saon and looked at e preature whil is fas gots red as fr
	layer_4: he should his mauth right in te midale of wathe wih saan and looked at the preature while his face god s rd as fire
	layer_6: he should his math right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_8: he should his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as rd as fire
	layer_10: he shoulod his mouth right in the middle of what he was saying and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire
	layer_12: he shouod his mouth right in the middle of what he was sayin and looked at the preacher while his face got as red as fire

file: 4570-56594-0010.flac
expected: swearin says the old preacher is a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it nohow
	layer_2: swareing cas the ol breature is a terible badt prect as and ther n' know yuse in it kno hou
	layer_4: swearing says the olpreature is a terrible badprect se and theire eint kno use in it kno ho
	layer_6: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practs and there ain't no use in it no how
	layer_8: swearing says the old preacher is a terrible bad practce and there ain't no use in it know how
	layer_10: swearing says the old preacher its a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it kno how
	layer_12: swearing says the old preacher i's a terrible bad practice and there ain't no use in it no how

file: 4570-56594-0011.flac
expected: umphs but indiany kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_2: oos but intie any gepshad yhe appeared to be cowd d
	layer_4: ots but in the any kept shaty he appeared to be cowd dow
	layer_6: hots but in the anni kept chady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_8: hoots but in the ani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_10: hoots but indianni kept shady he appeared to be cowed down
	layer_12: hoots but indiani kept shady he appeared to be cowed down

file: 4570-56594-0012.flac
expected: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoosier listened without ever opening his head
	layer_2: o jentlman with the cai to c a pard in the combersation and the whosurlisent withot eveor opene in this hd
	layer_4: ol gentleman with the can to k a pard in the comversation and the hosure listend without ever opene in his had
	layer_6: eold gentleman with the cane took a part ingi the conversation and the hosur listened without ever open in his head
	layer_8: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hozer listened without ever open in his head
	layer_10: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head
	layer_12: the old gentleman with the cane took a part in the conversation and the hoozer listened without ever opening his head

file: 4570-56594-0013.flac
expected: he was at sodom and gomorrow and seen the place whar lot's wife fell ah
	layer_2: he was at sawt amengo moro and seeng the plase war loth wat fil o
	layer_4: he was at sowt a menga moro and seen the place ware lots wifh fill a
	layer_6: he was at satamenga morow and seen the place war lots wif fill ah
	layer_8: he was at sadamen gamorro and seen the place war lot's wife fell ah
	layer_10: he was at sadom engamoro and seen the place war lots wife fell ah
	layer_12: he was at sadom engamoro and seen the place war lot's wife fell ah

file: 4570-56594-0014.flac
expected: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and what's the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_2: ye says the preature he w to the very spot and was there markabless thing a al he seeng the piller of sall whath he wase turned in to
	layer_4: ye says the preature he wint to the very spot and was te remarkabless thing of all he seenm the piller of sal whath she was tured into
	layer_6: ye says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkabless thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was tured into
	layer_8: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salt what she was turned into
	layer_10: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salk what she was turned into
	layer_12: yes says the preacher he went to the very spot and was the remarkablest thing of all he seen the pillar of salk what she was turned into

file: 4570-56594-0015.flac
expected: yes sir he seen the salt standin thar to this day
	layer_2: yeser he seen thesul stand an tar to this day
	layer_4: ye sir he seen the sal stand in thar to this day
	layer_6: yes sir he seen the salt stand inthar to this day
	layer_8: yes sir he seen the sault standin thyr to this day
	layer_10: yes sir he seen the sult standin thar to this day
	layer_12: yes sir he seen the sult standin thyr to this day

file: 4570-56594-0016.flac
expected: what says the hoosier real genewine good salt
	layer_2: what saiys th housure rel gen awin god souet
	layer_4: what says thhusur rel genwine good saft
	layer_6: what says the houser reeal genoine good soft
	layer_8: what says the houszer real genewine good salft
	layer_10: what says the hoozser real genoine good soft
	layer_12: what says the hoozer real genoine good soft

file: 4570-56594-0017.flac
expected: yes sir a pillar of salt jest as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her disobedience
	layer_2: yes ser a pilurof sall jisd is it was win that wickid omin was ponished for heardeso bedias
	layer_4: yes sir a piller of sal jist is it was wietn that wekid woman was ponished for her dso bediats
	layer_6: yes sir a piller of salt jist as it was wen that weked woman was punished for her deas obediets
	layer_8: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedientce
	layer_10: yes sir a pillar of salt jist as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience
	layer_12: yes sir a pillar of salt just as it was when that wicked woman was punished for her dis obedience

file: 4570-56594-0018.flac
expected: right out in the open air he asked
	layer_2: ried out on the openir heast
	layer_4: rid out in the open air hased
	layer_6: riht out in the open air he asked
	layer_8: ridt out in the open air he asked
	layer_10: ride out in the open air he asked
	layer_12: ride out in the open air he asked

file: 4570-102353-0000.flac
expected: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_2: we had theenbut little of that mynunt and acur nowlageof the inteior o the cot init whict was reckwas it for tedtermination of the brobl
	layer_4: we had theinbut little of that minunt and acureit knowege of the inteiore of the continit which was rekwasit for tetermination of the proble
	layer_6: we had thein but little of that minout and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continet which was requisite for determination of the proble
	layer_8: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continet which was requisite for determination of the problem
	layer_10: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem
	layer_12: we had then but little of that minute and accurate knowledge of the interior of the continent which was requisite for a determination of the problem

file: 4570-102353-0001.flac
expected: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_2: savevral deeforet paretys er theirefor oren as to exam on the vearious rous supose to be prac tickabl wite in then nore than nd sothen limits ofthe  nid stats
	layer_4: saveral diafforet parties were theirefor organis to examind the verious routs suppose to be pract ticable with inn the nor than and southern limits of te united states
	layer_6: several differet parties were therefore organize to examined the various routs supposed to be practicable with in the nor than and southern limits of the unite states
	layer_8: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routs supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_10: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states
	layer_12: several different parties were therefore organized to examine the various routes supposed to be practicable within the northern and southern limits of the united states

file: 4570-102353-0002.flac
expected: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_2: the only discrimination mad was in the more propd andthril equitment of the parities fore the extrem nor thean line and this was only becuse that was supposed to beve the  mose diveicault of exccution of all the servays
	layer_4: the only discrimination made was in the more propt and thorowg equipment of the parties for the extreamd nor than lim and this was only because that was supposed to beth the mostificult of execution of all the serves
	layer_6: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorogh equipment of the parties for the extremed northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the emost difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_8: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern lime and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_10: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys
	layer_12: the only discrimination made was in the more prompt and thorough equipment of the parties for the extreme northern line and this was only because that was supposed to be the most difficult of execution of all the surveys

file: 4570-102353-0003.flac
expected: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsequently led to the use of a coarser grain for artillery
	layer_2: n quaries were mad with regar to gn pour wige sebsquently led to the ys of a corser rain for aratilory
	layer_4: inquiries were made with regard to goon powter whighe subsquently led to the use of a cour ird rain four ar tilery
	layer_6: inquiries were made with regard to gun powter which subsquintly led to the use of a corser rain for ourtillery
	layer_8: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquently led to the uthe of a corser rain for artillery
	layer_10: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquintly led to the use of a corser rain for artillery
	layer_12: inquiries were made with regard to gunpowder which subsquintly led to the use of a coarser rain for artillery

file: 4570-102353-0004.flac
expected: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_2: the offisers of thes ragements werechoson partly bas tho lection from those allredy in servis in the reg of ther ormy hamparntly by point ne tromsivel l
	layer_4: the officers of these ragorments werechoson partly bis the lection from those already in service in the regu their army ampartly by apointnet from sivil live
	layer_6: the officers of these regeiments were chosen partly byselection from those already inservice in the regular army anmd partly by a pointnent from civial life
	layer_8: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_10: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life
	layer_12: the officers of these regiments were chosen partly by selection from those already in service in the regular army and partly by appointment from civil life

file: 4570-102353-0005.flac
expected: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_2: under in structiont rom the presinan the le ist was theirefor ruvesed and motifid hein accornce with the s nw elmet o jyucrafical disterbution
	layer_4: onder instructions from the presdint the lst was theirefor revised and motifid he ina cornce with this new element of geacrahical distrbution
	layer_6: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified  in accordnce with this new element of gecrapfical distribution
	layer_8: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_10: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution
	layer_12: under instructions from the president the list was therefore revised and modified in accordance with this new element of geographical distribution

file: 4570-102353-0006.flac
expected: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_2: atersome frther discusion of the question tho vhis jers with drue disat is fid with theresult ou the inerviu
	layer_4: atersome further discussion of the question e visders with drew de satisfid with the result of the interview
	layer_6: after some further discussion of the question the visiters with drew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_8: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_10: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview
	layer_12: after some further discussion of the question the visitors withdrew dissatisfied with the result of the interview

file: 4570-102353-0007.flac
expected: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointee to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known whig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_2: the quart imastr general on hering of this conversetion haten to infore me that it was all on mhe stake at the appot ye to the offishad been confounded with his father who was i well known wiig but that he the sn whas a demercrat
	layer_4: the quartemastr general onhearing of this conversation hasten to infor me that it was all in mistake ant the appoity to the office had been confounded with his father who was i well knowne wig but that het the sun was a demmercrat
	layer_6: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to enform me that it was all a mistake at the appoitye to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the sun was a democrat
	layer_8: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_10: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat
	layer_12: the quartermaster general on hearing of this conversation hastened to inform me that it was all a mistake that the appointe to the office had been confounded with his father who was a well known wig but that he the son was a democrat

file: 4570-102353-0008.flac
expected: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_2: ia sureed the general at thise was all together him aterial ating that it was a very prety qurl ias it stouod and that i had know a desire to af fec ta settlement of it on iny in ferior issou
	layer_4: iassured the general tat this was all together him aterial ading that it was a very prety quarel ias it stood and that i had kno a desire to affct i settlement of it on any in feriour isu
	layer_6: i assured the general that this was all together him aterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no a desire to effect a settlement of it on any in furior issue
	layer_8: i assured the general that this was altogether imaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no  desire to effect a settlement of it on any infeurior issue
	layer_10: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue
	layer_12: i assured the general that this was altogether immaterial adding that it was a very pretty quarrel as it stood and that i had no desire to effect a settlement of it on any inferior issue

file: 1650-157641-0000.flac
expected: the social attitude towards smoking in early victorian days and for some time later was curious
	layer_2: the siotial at to toworsmolking aurdebic tormon teyce and for sometime late her was curius
	layer_4: the sultial at t you towrs molkingu ardibic tormian days and for some time later was curius
	layer_6: the social attd yu towar smulking you areaty victorian das and for some time later was curious
	layer_8: the social attitue toer smulking you already victorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_10: the social attitude to were smolking you already victorian dase and for some time later was curious
	layer_12: the social attitude to were smolking you already victorian dase and for some time later was curious

file: 1650-157641-0001.flac
expected: now missus quilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably blaze away all night
	layer_2: nolwl miss is creelp h sis i feion as morkyng hmer ande shall probly plays a way o'l nihts
	layer_4: now misses creelp he sayvs i felion nus moking hulmer and shall prubly plays away i'll night
	layer_6: now missus crelp he sayvs i feelyin us molking humour and shall probly plazs away i'll night
	layer_8: now missus criip he says i feel in has molking humour and shall probably playzs away i'll night
	layer_10: now missus crilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably plays away ill night
	layer_12: now missus crilp he says i feel in a smoking humour and shall probably plays away ill night

file: 1650-157641-0002.flac
expected: but sit where you are if you please in case i want you
	layer_2: but seeto wher you ar if y pliece hin cace a wonstin
	layer_4: bu the seed wer you are if ouw plice in case at waunti
	layer_6: but the seto whear you are if you polise in case ie walnting
	layer_8: but the seat where you are if you polese in case i wauntin
	layer_10: but the sed where you are if you please in case i wounton
	layer_12: but the set where you are if you please in case i wountin

file: 1650-157641-0003.flac
expected: the dwarf's tastes however were catholic
	layer_2: the dborf s case hwiever or capelet
	layer_4: the dorstaes however wor capilit
	layer_6: the dorf's tate however or capholit
	layer_8: the dwarf's tates however or catile it
	layer_10: the dwarf's tastes however or capholet
	layer_12: the dwarf's tate however or capholet

file: 1650-157641-0004.flac
expected: but quilp and brass were not in society
	layer_2: but creelpen brass wenowthin sol siet
	layer_4: but creelp and brass weln ow theiensalziety
	layer_6: but creep and brass when now the insolziety
	layer_8: but creip and bras wete now the in society
	layer_10: but creop and brass were now the insociety
	layer_12: but creop and brass were now the insociety

file: 1650-157641-0005.flac
expected: there were still plenty of active opponents and denouncers of tobacco
	layer_2: there was stoflene l fackteyve uponest and the nosersof tobaccl
	layer_4: there was stu flany ao facteve oponis and the noncers of tobaccl
	layer_6: ther was stu flenny offactive opones and denoncers of tobaco
	layer_8: there wal sto plenty of factive oppones and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_10: there will sto plenty of factive opones and denoncers of tobacco
	layer_12: there will stoo plenty of factive opones and denoncers of tobacco

file: 1650-157641-0006.flac
expected: one of the most distinguished was the great duke of wellington who abominated smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among officers of the army
	layer_2: one not the molstio thistinguisto was the grid thewcof weldingteon who abomen an  mokin andhe waston toitd by bhin cres elt s egarst moking a mon aovisers elf the arm
	layer_4: one nof the molsti thistinguister was the gred t uco waldingtor who abomen an smolking andte wastannit by the ing creeselfsegars moking amon alpiserself the army
	layer_6: one of the most oft thistinguisht was the grit dekov walington who abomin and smoking and was tanoit by the increaself sigars moking amon alficersof the army
	layer_8: one of the most of distinguished was the grit duk of wallington who abomin and smoking and was annoied by the increase of cigarsmoking among alficers of the army
	layer_10: one of the most distinguished was the gret duke of wellington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigar smoking among aficers of the army
	layer_12: one of the most dixtinguished was the gret duke of wallington who abomined and smoking and was annoyed by the increase of cigars smoking among alficers of the army

file: 1650-157641-0007.flac
expected: the ladies had a keen scent for the abominable odour of tobacco and distrusted the men who smoked
	layer_2: the lad is tather knsin for th  bom en ti all de worlf to baccl and the thistrested the man hos mok
	layer_4: the ladis hather keinsin for the abalmin tee all doworl to backl and tha this trasted the manos mot
	layer_6: the lades hather kinsent for the abalman of all do wirl tobacco and that tdistrested the man wosmote
	layer_8: the ladies had their kinsont for the abolment of all de worl tobacco and tha distrusted the man whosemoked
	layer_10: the ladies had their kinsint for the aboment of all de world tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked
	layer_12: the ladies had their kinsint for the abowment of all du world tobacco and the distrusted the man who smoked

file: 1650-157641-0008.flac
expected: here is fitz boodle's or thackeray's comment on it what is this smoking that it should be considered a crime
	layer_2: her s peis puthols or tacharhis commaent ounit  hoae this thi smocing vat i the shol be consetheirder crime
	layer_4: hereis phis poudals for thacris comend on it  hor this this smoking that it should beconseder ter crine
	layer_6: here is fiast poudos or thacris commend on it o this bi smoking that i  should be conseidher the crime
	layer_8: here is fistpouds for thackoris comment on it wo thi'st be smoking that it should be concidered e crime
	layer_10: here is fistpoodles or thack riscomment on it wha is be smoking that it should be concidered a crime
	layer_12: here is fistpoodles or thack r is comment on it wha is be smoking that it should be concidered a crime

file: 1650-157641-0009.flac
expected: i believe in my heart that women are jealous of it as of a rival
	layer_2: i pelevein thy heart othe wimen a jallesovit a suf ar wivl
	layer_4: i believein thy heart tof the woman a jalas of it assoff of wival
	layer_6: i believe in my heart thof the women a jalous of it as souffadwivl
	layer_8: i believe in mhy heart that the women a jealous of it as sufferedwival
	layer_10: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suffered wival
	layer_12: i believe in my heart that the women are jealous of it as suffered wival

file: 1650-157641-0010.flac
expected: i would lay a guinea that many a lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i am a smoker and says oh the vulgar wretch and passes on to something else
	layer_2: ive the lay a ginid thathe mane ladyou hwase jest beencind inoe to rt the abolld lins la s tond the bolk hafter this cofession nof my that ie us moker and he sas ol the vagr reh and he pasis ouns o somthing olus
	layer_4: ive the lay agany tht the many lady who has jest been kind enoh to wriat they ablvd lines lae stond the bok after this confession of my thatimus moker and e sas oh the vog rech and he passes ounds of something euse
	layer_6: iv the lay aguinee that ta manu lady who has just ben kind enough to weat the above lines layston the bok after this confession of mi that i must moker andthe sase oh the vauga rach andthe passesounds of something else
	layer_8: i delay a guini that a manon lady who has just been kind enough to reak the above lines lay down the bok after this confession of mine that i must mok er and the sas oh the vulga wrech and the passae ounds of something else
	layer_10: i' delay a guineea that a manin lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i must smokher and sas oh the vulgar wrech an the pass i sounds of something else
	layer_12: i' delay a guinea that a manin lady who has just been kind enough to read the above lines lays down the book after this confession of mine that i must smokher and sas oh the vulgar wrech and the pass i sounds of something else

file: 1650-157641-0011.flac
expected: germany has been puffing for three score years france smokes to a man
	layer_2: jurmany has beenm covingfort th ris glore ars fores moks to amen
	layer_4: jurmany has been coffing for threasqor years forens moks to a men
	layer_6: ger many has been coufing for three sqor years franc mokes to a men
	layer_8: germany has been cuging for three squor years francemokes to a man
	layer_10: germany has been cuging for three square years fran smokes to a man
	layer_12: germany has been cufging for three square years fren smokes to a man

file: 1650-157641-0012.flac
expected: psha look at his progress
	layer_2: sha lo cete his probges
	layer_4: sha loukatr his progres
	layer_6: sha lokuatr his progress
	layer_8: sha lok at his progress
	layer_10: sha loke had his progress
	layer_12: sha loke had his progress

file: 1650-157641-0013.flac
expected: thus the odour of tobacco was not brought into the drawing room
	layer_2: thus the o dwr of tobacl was not grodinto ther toingll
	layer_4: thust the al dwere of to backl was not brod into their doing lo
	layer_6: thus the alduer ofto baccae was not brought into their jowying loom
	layer_8: thus the auldoer of tobacco was no brought into their dawing room
	layer_10: thus the aldor of tobacco was now brought into their dawing room
	layer_12: thus the auldur of tobacco was now brought into their drawing room

file: 1650-157641-0014.flac
expected: the journalists and bohemians who met at the cogers were above or below the dictates of fashion and smoking was always a feature of their gatherings
	layer_2: the turnalae and the boi means wfor mat ather coders were abold for telo the tigt cacs al fasion and smolgin was alwaic of feture of ther gatherns
	layer_4: the sturnalliet and the bokin meaans wfo mat at ther coaders were abad or dlowd the tig tasal fasion und smulgen was alwas f fiture of ther gatherins
	layer_6: the sternalliste and the boyg means who mat at their codiers were about or below the dig pace o fashion and smogin was always te feature of their gatherins
	layer_8: the sternalast and the bugi means who met at their coders were about or below the tig pase of fashion an smogen was always te feature of their gatherons
	layer_10: the sternalists and the buy means who met at their cojers were about or below the ig pace of fashion and smoking was always te feature of their gatherins
	layer_12: the sternalists and the boy means who met at their coajers were about for below the dig pace of fashion and smoking was always te feature of their gatherins

file: 1650-157641-0015.flac
expected: both queen victoria and the prince consort detested it so tobacco was taboo wherever the court was
	layer_2: buot queen vextoria and the pris consor te thastote so tlbackl was o bowyrever the portse
	layer_4: both queen victorria and the princ consor detaste i sotolback l was to buerever the porthfworce
	layer_6: both queen victoria and the prince comesort the tast o it so tobacco was to buerever the pourthwars
	layer_8: both queen victoria and the prince comcort the taset of it so tobacco was to bu wherever the pourtorce
	layer_10: both queen victoria and the prince consort the tast of it so tobacco was to bu wherever the pourtorse
	layer_12: both queen victoria and the prince consort the tast of it so tobacco was to bu wherever the pourtorse

file: 1650-173552-0000.flac
expected: at that very time at ten in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops on the poklonny hill looking at the panorama spread out before him
	layer_2: a that berytime a tin the mornti off the slikanofs obtemberan the polin was nanding amonl his trops on the poclonin hyel lokiny o the penner omos great ovd befor him
	layer_4: at that very time atten in the mornin of the sacendnouf sofbtember an he pullian was tening amon his trops un the piclonin heel lokin ot the pener aomast bread ot before him
	layer_6: at that very time ettenl in the morning of the secon oug subtember and apoleon was nanding among his troops on the peccloning heel lookinig at ther peneramas bratout before him
	layer_8: at that very time atteni in the morning of the second of september  napoleon was standing among his troops on de pecloning heel lookining at the panaamons brad out before him
	layer_10: at that very time attendi in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops onther pocloning heel looking at the panarromans pread out before him
	layer_12: at that very time attendi in the morning of the second of september napoleon was standing among his troops onther pocloning heel looking at the panaromas pread out before him

file: 1650-173552-0001.flac
expected: the brightness of the morning was magical
	layer_2: the brid in his selpf the mornung was magical
	layer_4: the britin isself the mornn was magical
	layer_6: the brighten hi self the mornin was magical
	layer_8: the brighten hiself the morning was magical
	layer_10: the bright in himself the morning was magical
	layer_12: the bright in himself the morning was magical

file: 1650-173552-0002.flac
expected: but my clemency is always ready to descend upon the vanquished
	layer_2: bu the my clamases alwas reaty to thi sand upoa e vemquaset
	layer_4: bu the my clamasese alwas ready to thi send upoml a vemquished
	layer_6: but thot my clamacies always ready to tdescend upon the vemquished
	layer_8: but thot my clemaces always ready to descend upon the vam quish
	layer_10: but of my clemses always ready to descend upon the vamquist
	layer_12: but o my clemeses always ready to descend upon the vamquisht

file: 1650-173552-0003.flac
expected: yet here she is lying at my feet with her golden domes and crosses scintillating and twinkling in the sunshine
	layer_2: yeat her se is ly ot my fet with ar godthand domes an and crouses singllaiting in ta twnclly in the sunsn
	layer_4: yed her she is liig ot my feet with ther godan dums and a crowses sinclaing in at twinclly in the sushige
	layer_6: yet here she is lihing of my feet with her goadendomes and  crowses sinkle lating an ha twinclelyn the sushine
	layer_8: yet here she is liing on my feet with her golden domes and  crowses singllating in a twinkledi n the sunshine
	layer_10: yet here she is lying onder my feet with her golden domes and e crauses singlelating in tha twinklng n the sunshine
	layer_12: yet here she is lying undr my feet with her golden domes and a crauses sinklelating in tha twinkling n the sunshine

file: 1650-173552-0004.flac
expected: but i shall spare her
	layer_2: but i shel sfar her
	layer_4: but i shall spar her
	layer_6: but i shall spar her
	layer_8: but i shall spare her
	layer_10: but i shall spare her
	layer_12: but i shall spare her

file: 1650-173552-0005.flac
expected: from the height of the kremlin yes there is the kremlin yes i will give them just laws i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boyars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_2: from the higd ou fte curamilyn yes bthearis the cramilin hys i woal ceve them jus the los o wateched them the meaning of shos of a isaion i will make tenaraston s o pble earst remember their concer with lad
	layer_4: from the hid out the cramiling yes the arious the cramilin yes i will geve them just he lowus i wiltechd them the meaning of shouse of alization i will make jgenaration sof bei arse wremember their conceror with lav
	layer_6: from the hide out the cramili yes the eariest the crameli yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of chosovalization i will make ganerations of oiars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_8: from the hide ouf the cramelin yes the eriest the cramelin yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with lod
	layer_10: from the hind of the crameling yes the earis the cramelin yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with love
	layer_12: from the hind of the crameling yes the earis the cramelin yes i will give them just alows i will teach them the meaning of true civilization i will make generations of boiars remember their conqueror with lode

file: 1650-173552-0006.flac
expected: i will tell the deputation that i did not and do not desire war that i have waged war only against the false policy of their court that i love and respect alexander and that in moscow i will accept terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_2: ir tel that the otation that idi nout and t know dis iwr that ihiched e wr only arginst the fous pollas y off ther cquart thethi lo en the res pacalaysnder and val e mosticl i looc sebtermsal pese wrth the lf my soufan of my putpl
	layer_4: il tel that that botation that i dinout and to now desi war that i iche thewar only against the tose polisy of there qurt that h a lav an the respackalay under and thatl e masicl a loksebtermsalf peace with te of myselp and of my pepl
	layer_6: i l tell tat that paltation that i didnot and to not desi war that if weache theware only against the thoust policy of thei reqourt that  i love and the respacalezander and tat i mosical i look sabterm solf pieace withhe of myself and of my peple
	layer_8: i will tell tbat thatvitation that i did nout and do no desir war that ir weachd the war only against the false policy of the recort thati love and te respec alexander and vai masic i look sap terms of peace worththy of myself and of my peple
	layer_10: i will tell thut th admitation that i did not and do no desire war that i f weagd the war only against the false policy of the rcourt that i love and te respect alexander and vari masico alok sap terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people
	layer_12: i will tell that th advotation that i did not and do no desire war that i f weached the war only against the false policy of the rcourt that i love and the respect alexander and vari masico ilok sab terms of peace worthy of myself and of my people

file: 1650-173552-0007.flac
expected: i do not wish to utilize the fortunes of war to humiliate an honored monarch
	layer_2: at to noth reshed to youdhalise the fortnselfh war to ha melat in wnered omonerk
	layer_4: at o not wrech to oulyalize the fortanselfwar to haml aht inonoar d emonerc
	layer_6: ad do not resch to iudilize the fortuneseelf war to humulatein onor the monarc
	layer_8: id do not wish to yeudilize the fortunes of war to humulate in honour de monarc
	layer_10: and do not wish to eudilize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honor de monarch
	layer_12: and do not wish to udialize the fortunes of war to humiliate in honor de monarch

file: 1650-173552-0008.flac
expected: he will have to be told all the same said some gentlemen of the suite but gentlemen
	layer_2: he woul halvf to be te ol ther sa sai somedeant men out this wit but gent mi
	layer_4: he wol have to be toe i'll the sane say some dent man ut this wit but gent med
	layer_6: he will have to be tod i'll the same say some gentleman of this wet but gentlemid
	layer_8: he woild have to be to i'll the same say some gentleman of this whet but gentlemen
	layer_10: he would have to be tot a'll the same say some gentleman of this wheat but gentlemen
	layer_12: he would have to be tot ill the same say some gentleman of this wheat but gentlemen

file: 1650-173552-0009.flac
expected: a single report of a signaling gun followed and the troops who were already spread out on different sides of moscow moved into the city through tver kaluga and dorogomilov gates
	layer_2: a singor epoord ouf the sinknoing gown  foulo and the tovse whowere a radis rat out on the frin asisuf mosco nmo binto te saty tho mer colo goot and thourgomal ofe gats
	layer_4: ba singer repord out te sinknoling gona follow and the troves whore a rades brad out on tey fron esieself moscop mol bein to the sa thi tho ver colo got and thour gomale of gates
	layer_6: a singe repored out the sing noling gan followd and the troof's whor allradish bret out on the feron aside self moscop mobing to the sathy throg verd calugt and togamelof gates
	layer_8: a single repord out the singn olin gon followed and the trots whowere a radis bredout on thefran asie sof moscop moveinto the cethy thro ver kologa and dagaela gates
	layer_10: a single report of the singnolin gan followd and the troths who were aradispred out on thefrantsize south mosco movinto the caty thou ver cologa and targamela gates
	layer_12: a single report of the singnoling gan followd and the truts who were a radispred out on thefrantsize south mosco mov into the cathy thoh ver cologa and targamelat gates

file: 1650-173551-0000.flac
expected: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brought the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only for a minute and that someone from bazdeev's widow had called to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's books as she herself was leaving for the country
	layer_2: hes magure do mo camein e sakon time to saythat the fenh me h owhe the broa the leater fon the cound hice was ber andshiustoo see him efonly fore minuts and ta some lon from bs i teveswedo ha ther cow to as piair to take charge up her uspens pook as she her selfoa se laving for the consre
	layer_4: he smajur don mo caming a sacond time to sadet at the fench ma whwhead the broaw the letter fom the coundis wasvery ansiusto see him e fonly for minut and thast some won from besitdeves wedo ad ther cow to askpiar to take charge ofp her huspanspook aske se herself asleving for the councered
	layer_6: hes major don mo caming a second time to say that the frenchman who had ta brow the letter from the countess was very ancies to see him e fonly for minute and thats some on from besetdiveswido had a cow to as pier to take charge of her husband spook askd she herself wa slaving for the countured
	layer_8: his major dumo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had abrow e letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazetiv's widow had a cow to ask pirre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself wasliaving for the counturd
	layer_10: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the counjurd
	layer_12: his major domo came in a second time to say that the frenchman who had brow the letter from the countess was very anxious to see him if only four minutes and that someone from bazedive's widow had a cow to ask pierre to take charge of her husband's book asked she herself was living for the counjurd

file: 1650-173551-0001.flac
expected: there was no one in the passage
	layer_2: there was no lai in the passiant
	layer_4: there was no wyin the passag
	layer_6: there was no wly in the passeg
	layer_8: there was no way in the passage
	layer_10: there was no y in the passage
	layer_12: there was no waye in the passage

file: 1650-173551-0002.flac
expected: the hall porter was standing at the front door
	layer_2: the holb pwuser wa staneg ad the frunto
	layer_4: the hol pser was staning i the frun tor
	layer_6: the hal paser was standing a the fronk door
	layer_8: the hal poser was standing at the front door
	layer_10: the hal poser was standing at the front door
	layer_12: the haw poiser was standing at the front door

file: 1650-173551-0003.flac
expected: from the landing where pierre stood there was a second staircase leading to the back entrance
	layer_2: fom the lan the whe re per sto bthearwosa secon the saircase linento the dack antiens
	layer_4: from the lan dewere pear stoo ther was a secon the sar case linget o the back ancions
	layer_6: from the landin werppeer stood ter was asecondthe sar case linge to hthe back ancience
	layer_8: from the landing where pier stood there was a second sarcase lined to the back engins
	layer_10: from the landing where pier stood there was a second sarcase lianend to the back engines
	layer_12: from the landing where piere stood there was a second sarcase lianned to the back engines

file: 1650-173551-0004.flac
expected: he went down that staircase and out into the yard no one had seen him
	layer_2: he wuln don hu staircase and th i'ltinto the yard no whn ha see him
	layer_4: he woult downg ta starcaseen i'llt into the yard no o has see him
	layer_6: he wouldnt down tha stair caston i'lld into the yard no one has see him
	layer_8: he woul down tha staircase and i'll into the yard no one has see him
	layer_10: he wouln down tha staircase and i'lt into the yard no one has seen him
	layer_12: he woulnt down tha staircase and i'lt into the yard no one has seen him

file: 1650-173551-0005.flac
expected: when he felt he was being looked at he behaved like an ostrich which hides its head in a bush in order not to be seen he hung his head and quickening his pace went down the street
	layer_2: we hee faw thathe he waspelol k tadth hid behave a like alsters woerich hid is had in thep botiuno their nowt o be seen he hon his had a e quikni his pace hene dow thisteuet
	layer_4: whe hea fal thate he was speing loke tad he behaved a likea alsteris which hid is had in te butiionon der nowto be seen he hun his had an quickng his pace when down he struit
	layer_6: when he feil that he was  being luok dat he behaved a likea alsteras which hide his had in aputian under know to be seen he hund his head an quickning his face wen down the street
	layer_8: when he flt that he was being luokedat he behaved like a alsterihe which hihde his head in tha bushion uder now to be seen he hungd his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_10: when he flt that he was being luoked at he behaved like alsterage which hie his head in ta pushion order now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street
	layer_12: when he felt that he was being luoked at he behaved like alsterage which hied his head in ta pusion order now to be seen he hung his head and quickening his face went down the street

file: 1650-173551-0006.flac
expected: he hired the first cab he met and told the driver to go to the patriarch's ponds where the widow bazdeev's house was
	layer_2: he har the first o cap in ma an tilld the sjlivere to go to the patri ack pons were the wid the basi devesouse os
	layer_4: he har the first a cap himmeat an tolt the juiver to go to the patri axpons were the wido bas t deve souse wos
	layer_6: he hard the first a cap himet and told the jivor to go to the patriaxpontse were the widow bassdive souse was
	layer_8: he hard the first a cap he met and told the jivor to go to the patriaxpons where the widow basdeve's house was
	layer_10: he hared the first a cap he met and told the jwiver to go to the patriaxpounce where the widow basdeve's house was
	layer_12: he hared the first a cap he met and told the jwiver to go to the patriaxpounce where the widow basdeve's house was

file: 1650-173551-0007.flac
expected: this was the authentic scotch acts with bazdeev's notes and explanations
	layer_2: tbhis was the othentigcose acx with fathi deve s noltan sqlenaios
	layer_4: this was the atenti scolsh acs with bathiteves nolsan sclanations
	layer_6: this was the avhentic skosh ax with fathtive snols andxclanations
	layer_8: this was the althentic scollsh axe with pathdev snows and exclanations
	layer_10: this was the authentic scalish axe with pathdeve snows and exclanations
	layer_12: this was the authentic scolish axe with pathtive snows and exclanations

file: 1650-173551-0008.flac
expected: he sat down at the dusty writing table and having laid the manuscripts before him opened them out closed them finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand sank into meditation
	layer_2: he s sat doe thout tdhusted witing table and the havi lave the meners gribe for him opon the mol colseteme final iprose the awy and e resting his had ou his hand the senkin to mandicasion
	layer_4: he assat dibe thoh thus ted witing table and the having lave the menous gribe fore him open the mo clolstom e final  posed them away and e resting his had o his hand te senkin to madicasion
	layer_6: he is set i theg dhus did writing table and the having la the manous grib before him open the mala clostom o final pushed them away and arresting his head o his hand the senkin to madicasion
	layer_8: hes set tie the dus did witing table andth having lai the manusgri before him opened the mol closed them who final ly pushed them away and arresting his head on his hand t senk into mandicasion
	layer_10: he set doo the dust did writing table and having laid the manusgrib before him opened the mouth closed them who finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand senk into mandication
	layer_12: he set too the dust did writing table andt having laid the manus grib before him opened the mouth closed them who finally pushed them away and resting his head on his hand senk into mandication

file: 1650-173551-0009.flac
expected: makar alexeevich came twice that evening shuffling along in his galoshes as far as the door and stopped and looked ingratiatingly at pierre
	layer_2: macher a lact ivos came e twiced thothe vene shofling aloighisclachies aft s farsd thet do and stoups an he lokedin grecia tily othe pcar
	layer_4: maker a laxtovage came u twice that ther eveniy shoffling alongihisclashious ofs farest that dood and stops an the loked indgriciatolhy a ther pher
	layer_6: maker a laxtovege came  twicte thather eveni shufflling alonginghi sclashius its farest the door and stops and te loked ingriciatily a the pir
	layer_8: maker alextovitghe came  twice ta te evenin shuffling alongin hs sglacious as far as the door and stops and  looked ingreciately at the piere
	layer_10: maker alextrevitch came twice thathe evening shuffling along i his sklachus as far as the door and stoppd and looked ingratiatedly at the pierre
	layer_12: makyr alextrervitch came twice tha ther evening shuffling along inhis sklachus as far as the door and stoppd and looked ingratiately at the pierre

file: 1650-167613-0000.flac
expected: the officers were about to take leave but prince andrew apparently reluctant to be left alone with his friend asked them to stay and have tea
	layer_2: the alhisersal bou o taclian for the pris enuw a parento relactent o belapt a lowihhis fren ask ca them te stay an halft
	layer_4: the altpisers wi bou to takcla for the pricienu apparentl relactentlf be laft a lown wih his frien ask  them the stay an halft ehe
	layer_6: the alvisers wel bowe to takela for the princende apparentol relacedtentl be laghed along with his friend ask them to stay and haf he
	layer_8: the olvisers we abowe to take lean for the prince andew apparentolly reluctentol be lefet alone with his friend ask them to stay and half tea
	layer_10: the olficers were bowd to take leav for the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left alone with his friend ask them to stay an half tea
	layer_12: the olficers were bowd to take leav for the prince andrew apparently reluctent to be left alone with his friend ask them to stay an half tea

file: 1650-167613-0001.flac
expected: seats were brought in and so was the tea
	layer_2: sisil brotyin an he so woastrti
	layer_4: see will browteing and tae so wostethe
	layer_6: ses wire browthin and the soul wostirt he
	layer_8: seas wee browtine and the soul wostere e
	layer_10: seazes wire brawdin and the soul wost te e
	layer_12: seaze wir brawdin and the soul wost ted he

file: 1650-167613-0002.flac
expected: the officers gazed with surprise at pierre's huge stout figure and listened to his talk of moscow and the position of our army round which he had ridden
	layer_2: the alliserscaseis oprise of he pirs soigh stold fbiger an helisinto his stolc ufpmousicot and the position ol olbrarmy wrog waych he had he breton
	layer_4: the alvicerscase wis soprised at a pur oge stolv figer ad he lisento his tolic uf pmousicat and ha position alf aubrarmmy ong whaich he had a breden
	layer_6: the alviserscaed with surprise in a pre oge staed figur and a listen to his talk of pemousicoat and ta posiion al valbr army longe which he had abreeden
	layer_8: the alvicerscazed with surprise atd a perse huge stalpd figur and to listen to his tallk of a mousicoat and ae position a baberarmy one which he had a breedon
	layer_10: the olficers gazed with surprise at a prse huge stouvt figure and to listen to his tollk of a mousicoate and e position al balber army among which he had a breedon
	layer_12: the olficers gazed with surprised at a purse huge stolvt figure and to listen to his tollk of a mousicoate and a position al alber army among which he had a breedon

file: 1650-167613-0003.flac
expected: so you understand the whole position of our troops
	layer_2: so you anerstad the whole posas on nop oere trokes
	layer_4: so you enterstand the whole poses inof over trops
	layer_6: so you enderstand the whole poseis enouh our troops
	layer_8: so you understand the whole posisstion oor troops
	layer_10: so you understand the whole plosession of owr troops
	layer_12: so you understand the whole posession of ower troops

file: 1650-167613-0004.flac
expected: not being a military man i can't say i have understood it fully but i understand the general position
	layer_2: nowt being o millitoreman e cani saapp ind er stothey the foy bu tha endtersten te genter re posusion
	layer_4: now being a millito re man hecannesaapp ander sto they the foly but the en ther sten he genero pocution
	layer_6: now being amillatary man the cansa hav ender stow they te folly but they enderstand the genral posision
	layer_8: now being a military man the cannasayaf ender stoothey t foly but they understand the general pocision
	layer_10: now being a military man the canasaaf understoooth the folly but they understand the general procision
	layer_12: now being a military man the canasayaf understoothy the folly but they understand the general procision

file: 1650-167613-0005.flac
expected: well then you know more than anyone else be it who it may said prince andrew
	layer_2: well then youkno lor than eny t ous be ad hoyth may sa d pris en our
	layer_4: wlld then you kno mor than any ine ouse pe had hoith may sad pris endur
	layer_6: well then you know more thant anyoe else pehd hoith may said pric ener
	layer_8: well then you know more than anyone else bet hoith may said pric anderw
	layer_10: well then you know more than anyone else bed hoit may said prince andrew
	layer_12: well then you know more than anyone else beit hoit may said prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0006.flac
expected: and tell me your opinion of barclay de tolly
	layer_2: a tell me your a ceno faclay thei tolli
	layer_4: a tell me yur o piniou backlate the toli
	layer_6: o tell men our opina bak late thei tole
	layer_8: o tell men our apinoa baklade thei toli
	layer_10: atelme our apina vaclate ther toli
	layer_12: atel me our apina vaclate ther toli

file: 1650-167613-0007.flac
expected: pierre looked at timokhin with the condescendingly interrogative smile with which everybody involuntarily addressed that officer
	layer_2: prlol k that t olcum with the comn hy sendel insto rok tveslile wih wai seemveibultyebollindserilyrjlised that alpfiser
	layer_4: cur  lk the t molcim with the come his sendily intorocktive'smile with wishemebodybolenturely orjoas that alfiser
	layer_6: pure look thatmalcime with the comeiscendily into rakative smile with whish emerbodyvoluntarely orjoese that alficer
	layer_8: pure look that malkim with the condescendaly into rocative smile with which aveybody voluntarily orjwest that olfiser
	layer_10: pure look at malkim with the condescendingly into rocative smile with which everybody i voluntarily ojes that officer
	layer_12: pure look at malkim with the condescendingly into rocative smile with which everybody i voluntarily orjes that officer

file: 1650-167613-0008.flac
expected: we see light again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency said timokhin timidly and continually turning to glance at his colonel
	layer_2: wih shou liythega sossis to randit has men the poinsit your acksellancseis seatind molkc in timacaly ind the cometo nyeay turning to golans ait iscurnal
	layer_4: whish she  lit hegain sons is uranity has men the point i you r accolency satid molkcantimigaly and te continualyturnin to glance hatd is curonal
	layer_6: which she a lied again since hi surranity has men appointit youre acceolenci sat i mal cantimically and the continually turning to glanched at is colronel
	layer_8: which he lied again since his serrenity haseen appointed your excellency sat in mol intimigally and the continually turning to glanced at his celrnel
	layer_10: which he lied again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency sat mokintimigally and e continually turning to glance at his kernel
	layer_12: which he lihed again since his serenity has been appointed your excellency set  mockintimigally ande continually turning to glance at his kernel

file: 1650-167613-0009.flac
expected: why so asked pierre
	layer_2: why so ask e pr
	layer_4: wy so ask f thae per
	layer_6: why so ask the peer
	layer_8: why so ask the per
	layer_10: why so ask the per
	layer_12: why so ask the pier

file: 1650-167613-0010.flac
expected: then why was it forbidden
	layer_2: the live was itspobeden
	layer_4: the li was it pobeden
	layer_6: thoug wie was it porbeden
	layer_8: to wi was it fobiden
	layer_10: to wi was it pobden
	layer_12: to wi was it fobiden

file: 1650-167613-0011.flac
expected: at smolensk too he judged correctly that the french might outflank us as they had larger forces
	layer_2: a s ma thansc to the juse the croractlly tathev e frens myn th out clancos as tle had alorgs fources
	layer_4: as smo lancsk too hecused the crractaly that o e frence mighto out lankuse as the had a large forces
	layer_6: at smalancsk too he choged the corractaly that of te frence mignht outflankas ask thee had a large forces
	layer_8: at smaansk too he cjhudged corectilly that of te french might outflank us as they had a large forces
	layer_10: at small nensk too he judged correctly that  a french might outflank us as they had large forces
	layer_12: at smallnensk too he judged correctly that f a french might outflank us as they had large forces

file: 1650-167613-0012.flac
expected: he ordered us to retreat and all our efforts and losses went for nothing
	layer_2: the odtherdus tof recret and the ou oer afrs in ha lolsis woontefor nothing
	layer_4: the olderdus to rechreet and th ou oure afors ind a lousess wonte for nouthing
	layer_6: he oldered us to retruat an the ow our affers in tallowses wounde fore nothing
	layer_8: he oldered us to retreiat and th owl our affers and allowsest wound for nothing
	layer_10: he aldered us to retreat and h owl our affers and allows is wun for nothing
	layer_12: he aldered us to retreat and t owl our affers and allows is wund for nothing

file: 1650-167613-0013.flac
expected: so it has been with barclay
	layer_2: soy the aspeen with farclen
	layer_4: soy the asbein with farcly
	layer_6: suly te asbeen with farkly
	layer_8: soely the as pin with farkley
	layer_10: soely the aspin with farkly
	layer_12: solely the aspin with farkly

file: 1650-167613-0014.flac
expected: while russia was well a foreigner could serve her and be a splendid minister but as soon as she is in danger she needs one of her own kin
	layer_2: whel ros on was well beforing eir couldsirmbe her and he beous pland in a minester buthe son assthis i danger shunese one ufer on kimn
	layer_4: well rust in was well uforing her could serbed her and te beus gland in a minister but tho soon asshes it danger shu nes one ouff er on kin
	layer_6: well rostiin was well beforin her could serbved her and te beas glandin a minister but ta soon as she s in danger she nes one off her on king
	layer_8: well russian was well beforein her could serve her and to beas s bland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she knees one of her own kin
	layer_10: well russian was well beforeiner could serve her and be a spland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she knees one of her own king
	layer_12: well russian was well before inner could serve her and be a spland in a minister but as soon as she is in danger she knees one of her own king

file: 1650-167613-0015.flac
expected: and they say he's a skillful commander rejoined pierre
	layer_2: and v say his a sceo fuol co manterh re jin the pr
	layer_4: and they say his a scil fu comandor he wujoing the pur
	layer_6: and they say his a skilful commander he rejoine the per
	layer_8: and they say his a skillful commander he rejoined the peer
	layer_10: and they say his a skillful commander he rejoined the per
	layer_12: and they say his a skillful commander he rejoined the peer

file: 1650-167613-0016.flac
expected: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_2: i don' and ther stan a whatheis mencs by as sfepul com mender hoe plidth prins ensou irogheclin
	layer_4: i don't and ther stand whathis mente by a scufulcommander wrepliedthe prince ando iragiclay
	layer_6: i don't and dher stand what is meant by a scuful commander repliedh prince enjoed irogiclly
	layer_8: i don't understand what is meant by a skuful commander replied  prince andow irotically
	layer_10: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically
	layer_12: i don't understand what is meant by a skillful commander replied prince andrew ironically

file: 1650-167613-0017.flac
expected: a skillful commander replied pierre
	layer_2: u sgew ifu com mander replidehoper
	layer_4: he scu ifull commander replyed hepr
	layer_6: he sciful commander replied the per
	layer_8: e sckeful commander replied the pr
	layer_10: a suful commander replied the peer
	layer_12: a scuful commander replied the peer

file: 1650-167613-0018.flac
expected: pierre looked at him in surprise
	layer_2: psure a lo cothe hame euso prise
	layer_4: urea lokc athe hamios o price
	layer_6: pureat loke o ther hamnes of price
	layer_8: pure loke a the hammines of price
	layer_10: pur lok are the hamminess of price
	layer_12: pure loke are the hamminess of price

file: 1650-167613-0019.flac
expected: and yet they say that war is like a game of chess he remarked
	layer_2: and the yes the sayve ot the warse like oa gae of chas huremard
	layer_4: and the yets the saehot the warse like a game ofh ches he remarkt
	layer_6: and the yets they save that the warse like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_8: and yets they save that the worce like a game of ches he remarked
	layer_10: and yet they say that the vorse like a game of chess he remark
	layer_12: and yet they say that the vorse like a game of chess he remarked

file: 1650-167613-0020.flac
expected: the relative strength of bodies of troops can never be known to anyone
	layer_2: the rolotervestrens of botheisu tbp co never be nonestor aner on
	layer_4: the ralutuve sdrentch of potheiusof toop coannever benon or anar on
	layer_6: the ralatie sdrensth of boties of troop cannever beknown tor anor ane
	layer_8: the relative strength of phodis of toop can never be known tor ano ane
	layer_10: the relative strength of bodis of toop can never be known to anyo want
	layer_12: the relative strength of bodis of toop can never be known to ano want

file: 1650-167613-0021.flac
expected: success never depends and never will depend on position or equipment or even on numbers and least of all on position but on what then
	layer_2: soxsesst mever te pans an nevea will te can om posision woere e cuevemen wor eveeno nenbers and a lestoff oll on position but ow what than
	layer_4: suxcess mever depands ad neverl will depan on possition ore e quevement wore even o members and a least aff al on position but own what tan
	layer_6: success never depens a never will depen on posision er equivtement or even o memburs and a least of al on position but in what dhan
	layer_8: success never depends a never will depend on position or equivtement or even omemnbers and the least ofo on position but on what then
	layer_10: success never depends and never will depend on position or equivment or even o menburst and te least of ouwl on position but on what then
	layer_12: success never depends and never will depend on position or equitment or even o men burst and ta least of oul on position but on what then

file: 1650-167613-0022.flac
expected: on the feeling that is in me and in him he pointed to timokhin and in each soldier
	layer_2: o the firlling bhat eics in me and e him hepointedt tootimouking ande  is solser
	layer_4: ounl the fiiling that as in me and e hin hepointed too ti molking and  is soser
	layer_6: aoun the fiiling that s in me and e hinm e pointed tuok hi maulking andhe is soser
	layer_8: am tefeeling that is in me an i him he pointed ute malking and he is sodzer
	layer_10: i'm th feeling that is in me and e him he pointed to to malking and e is soder
	layer_12: i'm the feeling that is in me and e him he pointed to to malking and e is soder

file: 1650-167613-0023.flac
expected: a battle is won by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_2: the batois one by thosewhol ferbly resouto weinans
	layer_4: bu batoics am by those hwo firmbly resol to winante
	layer_6: be bato is warme by those who firmly resolved o win es
	layer_8: be batto is swarm by those who firmly resolved to winnis
	layer_10: te batl is swarn by those who firmly resolve to win it
	layer_12: te batl is swarn by those who firmly resolve to win it

file: 1650-167613-0024.flac
expected: why did we lose the battle at austerlitz
	layer_2: whye then wi tlos the boutelr and he ousbotes
	layer_4: why they willlos the bator and e ouse bules
	layer_6: why they wildows the battor and the ouse bulnens
	layer_8: why the wilndows the batter and er as bulness
	layer_10: why their wildows the patter and her aws bulness
	layer_12: why ther wildows the patter and the als bulness

file: 1650-167613-0025.flac
expected: we've lost so let us run and we ran
	layer_2: wif loaustot sl lihtusr won and the re ane
	layer_4: wef lousdt si lightus on and t wre one
	layer_6: wef loused sol light us on and te we wene
	layer_8: wef lous so light us won and  we wen
	layer_10: wef lous so light us won and we wen
	layer_12: wef lousd so light us won and we wen

file: 1650-167613-0026.flac
expected: but tomorrow we shan't say it
	layer_2: but tomoraol wre shine saons
	layer_4: but to morea were shin sayence
	layer_6: but to moral were shen sayent
	layer_8: but to morrow were shen sayant
	layer_10: but to morrow were shin sayint
	layer_12: but to morrow were shin sayint

file: 1650-167613-0027.flac
expected: but what awaits us tomorrow
	layer_2: buthou what i way e hoas to marrl
	layer_4: but a whatha wat has to marreal
	layer_6: but i want a wait as to morow
	layer_8: but i want a weiht as to morrow
	layer_10: but i won't a wait as to morrow
	layer_12: but i want a weit as to morrow

file: 1650-167613-0028.flac
expected: the fact is that those men with whom you have ridden round the position not only do not help matters but hinder
	layer_2: the facktas that etost man tt with whome you have frthen  werond the posision now t oly to nowl hel mathers bu they hinder
	layer_4: the factase that a those man t with home you have friden ee round te pocition now t only to noawlhelp matters but the hinder
	layer_6: the factis that i those man u with home you have freden around the position not only to nl help matters but a hinder
	layer_8: the fact is that a those menu with whom you have fredene around a position not only to nal help matters but a hinder
	layer_10: the fact is that a those men with whom you have friden around a position not only to now help matters but a hinder
	layer_12: the fact is that a those men with whom you have friden around a position not only to nowl help matters but a hinder

file: 1650-167613-0029.flac
expected: that's the truth the real truth said timokhin
	layer_2: tase thetufh the relsrof said t mokin
	layer_4: thask the trof the real tro said to molckin
	layer_6: bast the truf the real truf sat to mulcin
	layer_8: vast the truth the real truth said to malcin
	layer_10: vast the truth the real truth said to malcin
	layer_12: vast the truth the real truth said to malkin

file: 1650-167613-0030.flac
expected: it's not the day for that they say
	layer_2: isnow the day for that be say
	layer_4: is now the day for thout they say
	layer_6: is now the day for thot they say
	layer_8: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_10: i's now the day for that they say
	layer_12: i's now the day for that they say

file: 1650-167613-0031.flac
expected: all were silent the officers rose
	layer_2: ol wore sellent the alpisersros
	layer_4: o were selland the alpisersrolls
	layer_6: o were selend the alficersrols
	layer_8: o were selend the olfficers ros
	layer_10: a were selend the officers rose
	layer_12: a were selend the officers rose

file: 1650-167613-0032.flac
expected: yes yes answered prince andrew absently
	layer_2: thesaus ans eo the prinsc engr afsomplly
	layer_4: theesies and ser the prince enge wr absimplly
	layer_6: yes yees answer the prince engeor absimphlly
	layer_8: yes yes answer the prince ander absenply
	layer_10: yes yes answer the prince andor absently
	layer_12: yes yes answer the prince andor absently

file: 1650-167613-0033.flac
expected: the french have destroyed my home and are on their way to destroy moscow they have outraged and are outraging me every moment they are my enemies
	layer_2: the frechestis toie my hol and r on lyr woiyt of thistoy osicl they hap ol thrisd and our oll t rison every momments thearmo anmins
	layer_4: the frenciust ti sthoied my home an a only woid o ti stoy  masical they haf alt risd and our alt resonly every moment therma animens
	layer_6: the french as detroyed my home and or only widle de stroy masicl the have autrest and our alt reasungmy every moment therma enimens
	layer_8: the french has destroyed my home and our only wedo destroy masicle they have outriced and our outreson me every moment dermy enemals
	layer_10: the french has destroyed my home and our only wed destroyed mosacle they have outrished and our outriasonmy every moment te r my animales
	layer_12: the french has destroyed my home and our only wed destroyed marsacle they have outrished and our outrisonly every moment theur my animales

file: 1650-167613-0034.flac
expected: in my opinion they are all criminals
	layer_2: e mylfinabear ol cuiminels
	layer_4: in my tina teare ol cqriminals
	layer_6: in my althina the r ou criminals
	layer_8: in my alphinia bhe are ol criminals
	layer_10: in my alphinia theyare owl criminals
	layer_12: in my alphinia theyre owl criminals

file: 1650-167613-0035.flac
expected: and so thinks timokhin and the whole army
	layer_2: and siol  things tomolgy and the hol armin
	layer_4: and sol thinks ti molokui and the whole armin
	layer_6: and sol thinks to malcit and the whole armin
	layer_8: and so thinks to molocae and the whole armi
	layer_10: and so thinks to maloci and the whole army
	layer_12: and so thinks to maloce and the whole army

file: 1650-167613-0036.flac
expected: since they are my foes they cannot be my friends whatever may have been said at tilsit
	layer_2: sos the are my fos they can nold bee my friens whiltheveber mae have bee sad ed a tusents
	layer_4: sese the are my fose they can nlth bee my friendce whilltever may hawve be sad at a tulset
	layer_6: sins they are my fose they can nelte be my frience wilever may have be sad at a tuset
	layer_8: sinte the are my foes they can nel be my friends whatever may have be sad at a tuset
	layer_10: since they are my foes they cannelt be my friends whatever may have been said at a tuset
	layer_12: since they are my foes they can nelt be my friends whatever may have been said at a tuset

file: 1650-167613-0037.flac
expected: yes yes muttered pierre looking with shining eyes at prince andrew
	layer_2: yesss bathere de peer lokn with shyining eyes t a crs anou
	layer_4: yes ses mathere the per lokin with shining eye s at tha prence andou
	layer_6: yes is materedthe piear lokin with shining eyece at a prince anue
	layer_8: yes yes mottere the preer lokim with shining eyes at the prince anuw
	layer_10: yes yes muttered the prier lokin with shining eyes athe prince andnrew
	layer_12: yes yes muttered the prier lokim with shining eyes atha prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0038.flac
expected: they talk to us of the rules of war of chivalry of flags of truce of mercy to the unfortunate and so on it's all rubbish
	layer_2: the toactooust uf her s of hr of civery ou fllacks of tos a f murscy to the amfortona th ina so ong the tol robin
	layer_4: the tolk tooustoff a roed offr of sivery ol flacks of tous of merscy to the unfortini te aneso ong i owl rabbin
	layer_6: the talk to a s aff eru off war o civery o flak of touth of mercy to the unfortinat andiso long is ou rabbise
	layer_8: the talk to aus af a rut of war of civelry of flax of touth of mercy to the unfortunady and so long i's o robins
	layer_10: the talk to os of arust of war of chivalry of flax of touth of mercy to the unfortunatda so long it's a robins
	layer_12: the talk to ose of arust of war of chivalry of flax of trouth of mercy to the unfortunatein so long it's ou robins

file: 1650-167613-0039.flac
expected: they plunder other people's houses issue false paper money and worst of all they kill my children and my father and then talk of rules of war and magnanimity to foes
	layer_2: the pland their of ther pevos houlses uso fous caverbun and a arstl fol they kl my susin an the my father and den towk off  rouse e fr and magnimte to fos
	layer_4: the plander other pepo's holses iu su fase plaver bany and  worset afol they kill my tshodren an the my father and dantawk off ruse el fr and magnimitise to fols
	layer_6: the plander o ther prepl's hoeses eshl fals plaver bony and  warsed a fou they kill my children antden my father and than talk of rusa fr and magnimateas to fos
	layer_8: the plander of ther peps houses ishufal's claverbonny and wors of o they kill my children an my father and then talk of rusafor and magnimites to foks
	layer_10: the plander of the peples houses ishufas claverbonny and worst a fowl they kill my children and my father and ten talkof rus afor and magnimit to folks
	layer_12: the plander of the peples houses ishufas cliverbonny and worst a fowl they kill my children and my father and then talk of rus afur and magnimiti to foks

file: 1650-167613-0040.flac
expected: take no prisoners but kill and be killed
	layer_2: tace nol frisoners by the cl and bec
	layer_4: tak no prisoners by the kil and beco
	layer_6: take no priconers by the kil and becue
	layer_8: take no prisoners bu the kiel and becu
	layer_10: take no prisoners but the keel and beecu
	layer_12: take no prisoners but the keel and beecu

file: 1650-167613-0041.flac
expected: prince andrew who had thought it was all the same to him whether or not moscow was taken as smolensk had been was suddenly checked in his speech by an unexpected cramp in his throat
	layer_2: trese endr who halve falthethe was ol the same to him whether we noth mausco was takgon osmowtans catie been wa so the y chactn hi spiese bya an spacted the crambis thrlt
	layer_4: priece ende who have fauted o was all the same to him whether ware not mocica was tagan as mollance had been will sothe wayt chactin hir spech by a an spacted a crambis throroled
	layer_6: price andew who have foldi o was ou thassaime to him whether warse not mousica was taken as milencs chad been wa sedenwychackting hi speech by a an spackte  crambys thruroad
	layer_8: prince andrew who have faldted was alt te saie to him whether wee now th mousico was taken as mains had been was suddenly checkting his speech by an aspected cramis thr
	layer_10: prince andrew who have fauted was all te smg to him whether  wer no the mausico was taken as malans had been was suddenly checkeding his speech by an enpected crambes thrlt
	layer_12: prince andrew who have falted was all te simg to him whether wer now the mausico was taken as mavans had been was suddenly checked ing his speech by an enspected crambes thrit

file: 1650-167613-0042.flac
expected: he paced up and down a few times in silence but his eyes glittered feverishly and his lips quivered as he began speaking
	layer_2: heu pastov nd don of feyow it times in silns bu the his ise glaetor o fivarorsolly and the hislives queebrd asa begains pinkon
	layer_4: he paced of an down a few t hime sin silens but the heis eyes gleter fiverishly and he his lieves queberd as tha begainspiking
	layer_6: he paced up and down a fwt hime sin silence but te his eyes gleater fivorlishly and t hislefs quebered asei began tpeaking
	layer_8: he paced up and don a few times sine silence but  his eyes gleater fevorishly and  hi lives quivered as he began speaking
	layer_10: he paced up and don a few times in silence but his eyes glitter feveorishly and his leves quivered as the began speaking
	layer_12: he paced up and don a few times in silence but his eyes glitter feverishly and his leeves quivered as they began speaking

file: 1650-167613-0043.flac
expected: and when there was a war like this one it would be war
	layer_2: and the ene theire wis o or a like vhis on i  beoa mor
	layer_4: and the en there was a re a like this one i  pea wore
	layer_6: and t when there was ta ore like this one it be wore
	layer_8: and the when there was a wor like this one it old be a woar
	layer_10: and the wen there was a wor like this one it would be a wor
	layer_12: and the wen there was a wor like this one it would be a woor

file: 1650-167613-0044.flac
expected: what is needed for success in warfare
	layer_2: hia t is meted the for succice ion wr fare
	layer_4: wi tis neatod te for succiseing wrefair
	layer_6: whill this needod hefor succising warfar
	layer_8: will this needed afor succising warfair
	layer_10: whill this needed afore succising warfare
	layer_12: whill this needed afore succising war fare

file: 1650-167613-0045.flac
expected: and in spite of all this it is the highest class respected by everyone
	layer_2: on   spyht o foul thus it is thehies he class rispacted the by evey on
	layer_4: aniu spide al foll this it is the highus the cluss respacted te by every one
	layer_6: ane insepite al fall this it is the highest the closs respected  by everyone
	layer_8: on te in spite o foll this it is the highest te cluss respected buy everyone
	layer_10: on in spite al foll this it is the highest t clus respected by everyone
	layer_12: on in spite all follol this it is the highest th clus respected by everyone

file: 1650-167613-0046.flac
expected: how does god above look at them and hear them
	layer_2: haw to scot a bi loke avethen an a hear ten
	layer_4: hodo scod a bav loka them an a her ten
	layer_6: hado scod abov loka them and hear then
	layer_8: hado skodabav loca them and hear them
	layer_10: hadoskada ba loca them and hear them
	layer_12: hodoskada bav loka them and hear them

file: 1650-167613-0047.flac
expected: i see that i have begun to understand too much
	layer_2: i seeve that i havpe beganho an their sten to muc
	layer_4: i seed that i have began to end teir stend tomuch
	layer_6: i seed that i have began to enderstand tomuch
	layer_8: i see that i have began to understand to much
	layer_10: i see that i half began to understand to much
	layer_12: i see that i half began to understand to much

file: 1650-167613-0048.flac
expected: and it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it's not for long he added
	layer_2: and the tousin dfor mendof cacst of the tree of nowllas a goo dhinheble a wholi thisnow for long he adtid
	layer_4: and tey dosen toformant of case of the tre of knollege of go d an  eble ah wel ithis nowth four long he addid
	layer_6: and the doezn' too for mentof case of the tree of knowledge of good andble ah well it is nowt four long he added
	layer_8: and ey doesn't too for menti case of the tree of knowledge of good and evile ah well it is nowte for long he added
	layer_10: and a doezn doo for men to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now for long he added
	layer_12: and a doezn too for men toc taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil ah well it is now for long he added

file: 1650-167613-0049.flac
expected: however you're sleepy and it's time for me to sleep
	layer_2: ho ever yoeurslolevy and this timefo medo stly
	layer_4: hoever yoursillevpy and this time for meguslee
	layer_6: however yoursllepy and this time for me jusleep
	layer_8: however your slepy and this time for me to sleep
	layer_10: however your sleepy and this time for me to sleep
	layer_12: however your sleepy and this time for me to sleep

file: 1650-167613-0050.flac
expected: go back to gorki said prince andrew suddenly
	layer_2: go back to gorcyu saidthe prhis aenger a southely
	layer_4: go back to gorky said te preicandero o souderly
	layer_6: go back to gorkhe said the prince andero seudternlyf
	layer_8: go back to borgk yo said the prince andro sudtenly
	layer_10: go back to gork yo said  prince androw suddenly
	layer_12: go back to gork you said  prince andrew suddenly

file: 1650-167613-0051.flac
expected: go go before a battle one must have one's sleep out repeated prince andrew
	layer_2: go god before bota one nstef  an sulley poutf reped prins enge
	layer_4: go god before batl one tust afo one solypouth wrped brince ende
	layer_6: go god before battle one nust hafr one solipoth repead brinc anje
	layer_8: go god before battle one must haver one soleep oth repeat prince andew
	layer_10: go god before battle one must haver one salep hoth repeated prince andrew
	layer_12: go god before battle one must haver one salep howth repeated prince andrew

file: 1650-167613-0052.flac
expected: no he does not want it pierre concluded
	layer_2: now ho thus mowt wante pser comecl thed
	layer_4: no he thus molt wante er comcoded
	layer_6: no he dus molt wantet pure comcuded
	layer_8: no he does not want it pure comcuded
	layer_10: no he does not want it pur concluded
	layer_12: no he does not want it pure concluded

file: 1650-167613-0053.flac
expected: and i know that this is our last meeting
	layer_2: and i no to the tusisa wer las to meton
	layer_4: and  i kno ather thisis a re last temeting
	layer_6: and i know that ther thisis a were last to meaeting
	layer_8: and i know that this is a were last o meet ing
	layer_10: and i know that this is a were last to meet hing
	layer_12: and i know that this is a were last to meet hing

file: 1650-167613-0054.flac
expected: one picture succeeded another in his imagination
	layer_2: one piccursliccedit a notheirse vasnnation
	layer_4: one piksurseliccete a other anse magination
	layer_6: one pickesurslucetive another ansted magination
	layer_8: one picture sucetevd another ansere d imagination
	layer_10: one picture succedive another anserd imagination
	layer_12: one picture succedev another anserd imagination

file: 1650-167613-0055.flac
expected: on one of them he dwelt long and joyfully
	layer_2: i won of them he hha delts hlong and he shrfld
	layer_4: i ine not then  heiad drls long and e shrefulled
	layer_6: in one of them head drowes long an te shorefullid
	layer_8: n one of them he had drows long and a shore fulle
	layer_10: an one of them hehad draw long and a shore fuled
	layer_12: and one of them he had draws long and a shores fuled

file: 6123-59150-0000.flac
expected: his characters get drunk or go mad with jealousy or fall in epileptic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_2: his caret es get jn call go mad ra gillicy ofoll inepleect ec fits arave his sterickly
	layer_4: his caractas get djoncall go mad rit gealacy o fullinapolecticfits arave his sterictly
	layer_6: his characters get jronk oill go mad with jealousy for fullin apolectic fits orl rave histerically
	layer_8: his characters get drunk o'll go mad with jealousy or full in epolectic fits or rave hysterically
	layer_10: his characters get drunk orl go mad with jealousy or fall in nepolectic fits orl rave hysterically
	layer_12: his characters get drunk orl go mad with jealousy or fall in epolectic fits orl rave hysterically

file: 6123-59150-0001.flac
expected: if dostoevsky had had less vision he would have been strindberg
	layer_2: if tostare ske had had less plision he wouldhv been striner
	layer_4: if tousarskiy had had less vision he would hae been strinvor
	layer_6: if dorsaski had had less vision he would have been strinverg
	layer_8: if daceski had had less vision he would have been strinberg
	layer_10: if darsiesky had had less vision he would have been strinburg
	layer_12: if darsieski had had less vision he would have been strinberg

file: 6123-59150-0002.flac
expected: like them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_2: lack them he asoin oflasto trtu
	layer_4: lack them he is n of lest ove twrture
	layer_6: lak them he is anevolist of torture
	layer_8: lack them he is a nevolist of torture
	layer_10: lack them he is a novelist of torture
	layer_12: lack them he is a novelist of torture

file: 6123-59150-0003.flac
expected: certainly the lust of cruelty the lust of destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dostoevsky's men and women
	layer_2: saerd im wit the losd hof crulty bhelos t of thi struction vidistructian sake is the most conspeacuous of the dedly sens andostarus cis man an wman
	layer_4: sar ham wote the lasht of crulti helost te distruction vitistructions sake is the most conspecuous of the deadly sens and dostausgis man and women
	layer_6: certaim with the last of cruelty hitlastedestruction virdestructions sake is the most conspicuous of the deadley sins and dostaskis men and women
	layer_8: certainlyt the last of cruelty that last e destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins an doste skidsmen and women
	layer_10: certainly the lust of cruelty that last e destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in dosaoskis men and women
	layer_12: certainly the lust of cruelty that last e destruction for destruction's sake is the most conspicuous of the deadly sins in doseoskis men and women

file: 6123-59150-0004.flac
expected: he may not be a cruel author
	layer_2: he may not the a cru alser
	layer_4: he may not the a cruewl aser
	layer_6: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_8: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_10: he may not be a cruel also
	layer_12: he may not be a cruel also

file: 6123-59150-0005.flac
expected: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniacal conflict
	layer_2: but they anever ind bellance they arawasn dim an i c a cuonfles
	layer_4: but they anever in ballaence they aereways in dimn ico quonflics
	layer_6: but they arnever inbalance they areaways indemonichl cuonflixs
	layer_8: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniical conflicts
	layer_10: but they are never in balance they are always in demonical conflicts
	layer_12: but they are never in balance they are always in demoniical conflicts

file: 6123-59150-0006.flac
expected: even the lust is never or hardly ever the lust of a more or less sane man
	layer_2: even the lost is nevel  harely ove the los of e mory les sane man
	layer_4: even the lost is neve  hardlyeva the lost of a moreeless sane man
	layer_6: even the lost is neve o hardlyeve the lost of a more ir less saine man
	layer_8: even the lost is never or hardly eva the lost of a moreor less sane man
	layer_10: even the lost is neverl o hardly eve the lost of a more or less sane man
	layer_12: even the lost is never o hardly eve the lost of a more or less sane man

file: 6123-59150-0007.flac
expected: dostoevsky could not have described the sin of nekhludov in resurrection
	layer_2: thoustar sky could not have te squrive the sin of nectlitof in reserection
	layer_4: thousaiisky could not have thesqribe the sen of neclidilve in reseraction
	layer_6: dostaski could not have described the soon of neclidolve in resirrection
	layer_8: dostesky could not have described the soin of nekladolvf in resurrection
	layer_10: dosesky could not have described the sin of nekhludoff in resurrection
	layer_12: dosesky could not have described the son of nekhludoff in resurrection

file: 6123-59150-0008.flac
expected: this is a madhouse cries some one in the idiot
	layer_2: this is  mad helse cre so one intheitios
	layer_4: this is a mad house cris some one indeitios
	layer_6: this is a madhouse cri some one indheidius
	layer_8: this is a madhouse cries someone in dheoties
	layer_10: this is a mad house cries someone in theotees
	layer_12: this is a mad house cries some one in theoteas

file: 6123-59150-0009.flac
expected: one result of this is a multiplicity of action
	layer_2: whon resolt hodb thise is an morte plitity otaction
	layer_4: whon resultof this is a morto plicity of action
	layer_6: on result of this is a mortiplicity of action
	layer_8: one result of this is a morteplicity of action
	layer_10: wone result of this is a mortaplicity of action
	layer_12: one result of this is a mortaplicity of action

file: 6123-59150-0010.flac
expected: even the talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_2: iven the t is o vactioncs more tan ar vy des
	layer_4: even e ta his ovactions mor than o videas
	layer_6: even a talk is olv actions more than o videas
	layer_8: even a talk his of actions more than of ideas
	layer_10: even a talk is of actions more than of ideas
	layer_12: even a talk is of actions more than of ideas

file: 6123-59150-0011.flac
expected: he sows violent deeds not with the hand but with the sack
	layer_2: he so s villan dedes not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_4: he so is wvilent dads not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_6: he saw as violent deeds notwith the hand but with the suck
	layer_8: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_10: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck
	layer_12: he saw his violent deeds not with the hand but with the suck

file: 6123-59150-0012.flac
expected: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bead chain which he seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_2: but one had notiestering this los to days thut the othr was wari the silvele wt h onla yelo bhed chane whuch e seems not to hadb see n on hon befor
	layer_4: but one had notes turing this last two days that the other was wearin a silvel watch on a yellow bed chan which is seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_6: but one had notice during those last two days that the other was wearing a silvel watch on a yellow bed chain which i seems not to have seen on hum before
	layer_8: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow bed chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_10: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow berd chain which it seems not to have seen on him before
	layer_12: but one had noticed during those last two days that the other was wearing a silver watch on a yellow beed chain which it seems not to have seen on him before

file: 6123-59150-0013.flac
expected: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fervently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_2: he tooklnniufh and when hi's friend od tend away he approsed him courciously from behind tookame tuand his is heavenods crost insilf and praying fervently god fo givenmli fe crass sake
	layer_4: he took e nif and when his friend ha ternd away he approsed him cautiously from behind tookame turned his yes heavenwoods crossed himself and praying fervently gog forgivenmle far criss sake
	layer_6: he took he knife and when his friend ha turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took ame turned his eyes heavenwords crossed himself and praying fervently gods forgive me for crist sake
	layer_8: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took am turned his eyes heavenwrods crossed himself and praying fervently gods forgive me for christ sake
	layer_10: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fevently god forgive me for christ's sake
	layer_12: he took a knife and when his friend had turned away he approached him cautiously from behind took aim turned his eyes heavenwards crossed himself and praying fevently god forgive me for christ's sake

file: 6123-59150-0014.flac
expected: he never paints everyman he always projects dostoevsky or a nightmare of dostoevsky
	layer_2: he never pains everyman he alays prgexs tos trv sky or a not mari tos t hrve sky
	layer_4: he never paints every man he always project dosto hare ski or a not marif dosto haveskiy
	layer_6: he never paints every man he always projects dos to ev ski or a night mar of dosto hb ski
	layer_8: he never paints every man he always projects dostaevski or a knightmar of dostaevski
	layer_10: he never paints every man he always projects dostewsky or a knightmare of dostevsky
	layer_12: he never paints every man he always projects dostaewsky or a knightmare of dostaewsky

file: 6123-59150-0015.flac
expected: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than anna karenina or fathers and sons
	layer_2: that is wi crimand ponstiment belongs tw a lowrrangef ficktion than anacrrennona afaithers n suns
	layer_4: that is whi crimin punishment thelungs to a lowerrange of fiction than anicarenena o fathers and suns
	layer_6: that is whye crime en punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enicarenina or fathers and sons
	layer_8: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than enicerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_10: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than aniqerenina or fathers and sons
	layer_12: that is why crime and punishment belongs to a lower range of fiction than ennicerenina or fathers and sons

file: 6123-59150-0016.flac
expected: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_2: wei sim peth is andade rth the fers the brevado tha aspir tat succeevd te crime
	layer_4: we seimpethis an dad with the fiears the brevado that ispair that succeved the crim
	layer_6: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_8: we sympathise indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime
	layer_10: we sympathise indeed with the fears the brivado the despair that succed the crime
	layer_12: we sympathize indeed with the fears the bravado the despair that succeed the crime

file: 6123-59150-0017.flac
expected: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_2: he is a grotuske mad alive by ser  maginat oventencity in pation
	layer_4: he is a gretesk made elive by seremaginatav intensity inpasion
	layer_6: he is a grotesque made alive by shear imaginative intensity in passion
	layer_8: he is a grotesque made alive by sheear imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_10: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion
	layer_12: he is a grotesque made alive by sheer imaginative intensity and passion

file: 6123-59150-0018.flac
expected: one does not grudge an artist an abnormal character or two
	layer_2: wond oas not gradginartrs in avnomble carctir oto
	layer_4: ondoes not gridgeinartice in ave nor wl caracgyorl to
	layer_6: one does not gragein artise and avnorbal character or to
	layer_8: one does not grudge an artis in abnorble character or two
	layer_10: one does not grudge an artists in abnormble character or two
	layer_12: one does not grudge an artists in abnormle character or two

file: 6123-59150-0019.flac
expected: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens invents comic grotesques
	layer_2: he enventsvitiousgrtes as dicensd edvence coit gritests
	layer_4: he invensevicious gretes as dickens advence commit gritists
	layer_6: he invenseivicious groates as dickens adventse commict gratests
	layer_8: he invents vicious grotese as dickens advente commic gratists
	layer_10: he invents vicious grotesque as dickens advents comic grotists
	layer_12: he invents vicious grotesques as dickens advents comic grotists

file: 6123-59150-0020.flac
expected: was very fond of hanging cats and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_2: was very fond of haning cats and birying them with greite sarmany
	layer_4: was very fond of hanging cats and berying them with great ceremany
	layer_6: was very formd of haning cuts and bearing them with great ceremany
	layer_8: was very fond of hanging cuts and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_10: was very foned of hanging cuts and burying them with great ceremony
	layer_12: was very fond of hanging cuts and burying them with great ceremony

file: 6123-59150-0021.flac
expected: as for the karamazovs themselves he portrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_2: as fr the carmis oves thansolves he petrase the old father a the odrs of his sons haty ach other and fihting lukh bretl maniexs
	layer_4: as for the carimis ovs thenselves he petraise the oldfather and the olders of his suns heating ach other and fighting luk brutl maniec
	layer_6: as for the caramas oves themselves he petrased the old father and the oldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniax
	layer_8: as for the caramasoves themselves he betraysed the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutalmaniax
	layer_10: as for the karamazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs
	layer_12: as for the caramazovs themselves he betrays the old father and the eldest of his sons hating each other and fighting like brutal maniacs

file: 6123-59150-0022.flac
expected: serve him right shouted dmitri breathlessly
	layer_2: serve hm rit shouted methu bresslsly
	layer_4: serve him right shouded tome tud breselessy
	layer_6: serve him right shouted to mitu breatlessly
	layer_8: serve him right shouted demico breastlessly
	layer_10: serve him right shouted dmiti breathlessly
	layer_12: serve him right shouted dmitia breathlessly

file: 6123-59150-0023.flac
expected: if i haven't killed him i'll come again and kill him
	layer_2: if r havent killding ar come agan an kil him
	layer_4: if ia haven't killdhing or come again and kill hims
	layer_6: if i havn't kiled hing or come again and kill him
	layer_8: if i haven't kiled him o' come again and kill him
	layer_10: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him
	layer_12: if i haven't killed him or come again and kill him

file: 6123-59150-0024.flac
expected: it is easy to see why dostoevsky has become a popular author
	layer_2: itis esy to se whi dousteard s gihas become he poklile oter
	layer_4: it is easy to se whi dostar s ge has become of pocula other
	layer_6: it is easy to see why dostard ski has become a pocular autho
	layer_8: it is easy to see why dusteski has become a popular author
	layer_10: it is easy to see why dustesky has become a popular author
	layer_12: it is easy to see why dosteeski has become a popular author

file: 6123-59150-0025.flac
expected: no melodramatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_2: no milagjan lhitist evepord ot insidentupon the stage fron such a horne of plenty
	layer_4: no milaga titist ever pord out incidentupon the stage from such a horne of plenty
	layer_6: no melagamitist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_8: no meloge amatist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_10: no meligamitist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty
	layer_12: no meligamitist ever poured out incident upon the stage from such a horn of plenty

file: 6123-59150-0026.flac
expected: dostoevsky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_2: tustarasces alwas ready to shows he mollin ut ons
	layer_4: dostaaskis always ready to show ha mall in at once
	layer_6: dostaskiis always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_8: dosteskiis always ready to show them all an at once
	layer_10: dostesky is always ready to show them all in at once
	layer_12: dostersky is always ready to show them all in at once

file: 6123-59150-0027.flac
expected: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general epanchin prince s adelaida ivanovna lizaveta prokofyevna yevgeny pavlovitch radomsky princess byelokonsky aglaia prince myshkin kolya ivolgin ippolit varya ferdyshchenko nastasya filippovna nina alexandrovna ganya ptitsyn and general ivolgin
	layer_2: on two oposit paders of the itir one finds the folow in clarctis brortin by name generl u panchion prince es at alaydr eve novena lisiveter procofe adna y aove gany pove lov ith re donsky princeesbieal uquonsky a glayre prinemishkan collyur efvolgen eplelit va ferdis shencu nistalsi fl aupovena neana elat's enjovter gonia tisen an genera ivogen
	layer_4: on two opposit pagers of the idiot one finds the follow inclarctis brought in by name general aparnion prince es at alaydar evenovno liziveter procofierdno he have ganny pove lov ich redon sky princess biarlaquonsky a glay princemishcan coliour evolgen ipolit var fardishenqoer nestasi piapovne nenar elegsenjovne gonia titan and general iv ogen
	layer_6: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the follow inchlaracters brought in by name general apartion prince ess ad alada ivenovna lizavetta prokophiedna hu have geiny pavlovich radonski princess bielquanski a gleer prince miscin colio evolgan ippolit vala fa disshanke nestarco philapovna nena elesangovna gania tisan and general eolgan
	layer_8: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apachan prince s adalayda ivanovna lizabetta procofhiedna vgeni pavlovitch redonski princess birelaquonski eglaa prince mishkin calie evolgan ipolid vala fedechenko nistasi pelapovna nina alexangovna gania tisan an general ivolgan
	layer_10: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apanciin prince s adalaida ivanovna lizavetta prokofievna yvgeni pavlovich redonski princess pielakuonski egle prince mishkin koly ivolgan ipolit vaia fedishenku nistasi filipovna nina alexandovna gana tisin en general ivolgan
	layer_12: on two opposite pages of the idiot one finds the following characters brought in by name general apanciin prince s adalaida ivanovna lizavetta prokofievna evgeni pavlovitch redonski princess pielakuonski erglea prince mishkin koly ivolgan ippolit vaia fedischenku nistasi filipovna nina alexandovna gana tistin en general ivolgan

file: 6123-59150-0028.flac
expected: but the secret of dostoevsky's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_2: but the sa coruldhaf dus tere s kis appel is somting mor than the motithud an threele of hi sinseid ens in crcters
	layer_4: but the secrid ave dostearv skise oppel is someming more than the mostitud and threeel of his insidence and caracters
	layer_6: but the secret of dosteirof skis appeal is something more than the mulstitude an thril of his incidence and characters
	layer_8: but the secret of dosti ski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_10: but the secret of dostiovski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters
	layer_12: but the secret of dostievski's appeal is something more than the multitude and thrill of his incidents and characters

file: 6123-59150-0029.flac
expected: mister murry boldly faces the difficulty and attempts the definition
	layer_2: miste mbo ly facees i di fu puaty ind attempsodeaffinition
	layer_4: miste marbodlyfaces a diffiquaity ind attemps thidefinition
	layer_6: mister marry bordly faces a diffiquity and attemps the efinition
	layer_8: mister marry badly faces a difficulty and attempts ta definition
	layer_10: mister muray baldly faces a difficulty and attempts a definition
	layer_12: mister mury baldly faces a difficulty and attempts ae definition

file: 6123-59150-0030.flac
expected: to him dostoevsky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of struggle it is the struggle itself
	layer_2: to himr tostirskhis work is the recortof a great mind seakhing foro way ove li it is mordhan a reckolt of a strugle it is te strugle it self
	layer_4: to himt tostarskis work is the record of a great min seeking for away of li it is more than a reckort of a struggle it is thestruggle it self
	layer_6: to him dostesk is work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a recort of a struggle it is tho struggle itself
	layer_8: to him dosteskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself
	layer_10: to him toseeskis work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself
	layer_12: to him toseesky's work is the record of a great mind seeking for a way of life it is more than a record of a struggle it is to struggle itself

file: 6123-59150-0031.flac
expected: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern set in surrounding darkness
	layer_2: and thos voices take sa encertian unforgeta ble fraguens of dilog thet haveeen spokan by one spirit to another in some ogly man taven sart in surraunding darkness
	layer_4: and those voices take shape an certan unfogetable fraguence of diologe that have vein spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly men taven sart in surounding darkness
	layer_6: and those voices take sape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialog that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean taven certa in surrounding darkness
	layer_8: and those voices take shape in certain unforgetable fragments of dialoge that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certa in surrounding darkness
	layer_10: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness
	layer_12: and those voices take shape in certain unforgettable fragments of dialogue that have been spoken by one spirit to another in some ugly mean tavern certain surrounding darkness

file: 6123-59150-0032.flac
expected: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_2: oltomatly they othe creation s noteam a man he desied tod be but ovf a spirit whuch sot ton kno
	layer_4: oltimetely they ae ther creation s not om aman who desired do be but of a spirit wouldh sort to kno
	layer_6: ultimately they are ther creations not han a man who desired to be but of a spirit wouldh sougt to know
	layer_8: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_10: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know
	layer_12: ultimately they are the creations not of a man who desired to be but of a spirit which sought to know

file: 6123-59150-0033.flac
expected: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_2: be caus sar possest they an no longof manand wimen
	layer_4: becausesaya possessd they are no longof man and women
	layer_6: because they a possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_8: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_10: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women
	layer_12: because they are possessed they are no longer men and women

file: 6123-59150-0034.flac
expected: this is all in a measure true
	layer_2: thisus ol in an meajr  tu
	layer_4: this is all in amesur  true
	layer_6: this is all in a measure true
	layer_8: this is all in a measure true
	layer_10: this is all in a measure true
	layer_12: this is all in a measure true

file: 6123-59150-0035.flac
expected: to say this is not to deny the spiritual content of dostoevsky's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_2: to sa thes is not ted eneied the spircth a content of dostai rs his wrk the enguish of the inprisen soul as at botls wi tt ande niln de speir
	layer_4: to say this is not todeni the spirt ae content of dostheesk his work the enguish of the imprison soul as at bouttls with dout andoenile ind despere
	layer_6: to say this is not to denyr the spiritar content of dosteusk is work the anguish of the imprison soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_8: to say this is not to deny the spiriture content of dosteusk is work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_10: to say this is not to deny the spiritad content of dosteuskis work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair
	layer_12: to say this is not to deny the spirital content of dosteuski's work the anguish of the imprisoned soul as it battles with doubt and denial and despair

file: 6123-59150-0036.flac
expected: there is in dostoevsky a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than setebos
	layer_2: therais an dos ayarsky a s ugestion of cole ben tryng tediscover some betted go than so tavbos
	layer_4: thereas ind dussaeskiy as sugeston of caliban tryngted iscover some bette god tan so tabos
	layer_6: there is in doseeski a suggestion of calouban trying to discover some better gods an sitav ous
	layer_8: there is in dosieski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better gord than setaevos
	layer_10: there is in doseski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than cetebos
	layer_12: there is in doseeski a suggestion of caliban trying to discover some better god than cetevos

file: 6123-59150-0037.flac
expected: the ultimate attitude of dostoevsky is as christian as the apostle peter's lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_2: the ol tma adituded dustsky is is christion as the aposl petes loat ate lave holp theyu myeum beliyf
	layer_4: the altimet aditute of dust a skiy is as christion as the aposal petes loed i eleve helpd thyur min umbelief
	layer_6: the ultimante attitude of dostaeski is as christian as the aposal peters lord i believe helpd thou might unbelief
	layer_8: the ultimate attitude of dostaski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe helpe thou mine unbelief
	layer_10: the ultimate attitude of dosteesky is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou mine unbelief
	layer_12: the ultimate attitude of dosteeski is as christian as the apostle peters lord i believe help thou min unbelief

file: 6123-59150-0038.flac
expected: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night dostoevsky still sees the light of christian compassion
	layer_2: and beyong the dak not av soforid and disuppading the nigt thusteir ske stll ses tha lit of christching compasion
	layer_4: and beyong the darkniht hof sufering and disapating the night thustarsci still sesed the lighte of christiin compassion
	layer_6: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dicipating the night gusteski still seizs the light of christiang compassion
	layer_8: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasteski still sezed the light of christian compassion
	layer_10: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasersky still seized the light of christian compassion
	layer_12: and beyond the dark night of suffering and dissipating the night gasersky still seized the light of christian compassion

file: 6123-59150-0039.flac
expected: or even by the compassion of others like prince myshkin in the idiot
	layer_2: or ivn by the compastion of othes lac prince miskan in theidias
	layer_4: har even by ther compassion of others lac princemishkan in theidias
	layer_6: or even by the compassion of others like prince miskin in the idios
	layer_8: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiots
	layer_10: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot
	layer_12: or even by the compassion of others like prince mishkin in the idiot

file: 6123-59150-0040.flac
expected: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_2: his work luckhis face tes the mark of this terble contleit
	layer_4: his work luck his face tars the mak of this terible comflit
	layer_6: his work lik his face theres the mark of this terrible conflit
	layer_8: his work like his face teares the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_10: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict
	layer_12: his work like his face bears the mark of this terrible conflict

file: 6123-59150-0041.flac
expected: the novels are the perfect image of the man
	layer_2: the nov ls of the prfit emeged sthe man
	layer_4: the novels oe the perfect emagest hef man
	layer_6: the novels of the perfect imugiifes thef man
	layer_8: the novels afe the perfect imagenfs of man
	layer_10: the novels are the perfect image es of man
	layer_12: the novels are the perfect image ts of man

file: 6123-59150-0042.flac
expected: as to the man himself the vicomte de voguee described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_2: as so the man himself the vecompte dive rl gay descurivedt him mis hi sar hin in the lasters of his lif
	layer_4: as sto the man himself the vecomtedival ga discrived him as hos saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_6: as to the man himself the vicomptadivvalgay described him as ho saw him in the last ears of his life
	layer_8: as to the man himself the vicomta devoge described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_10: as to the man himself the vicomete de vogey described him as he saw him in the last years of his life
	layer_12: as to the man himself the vicomte de de volget described him as he saw him in the last years of his life

file: 6123-59150-0043.flac
expected: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court awaiting trial or among vagabonds who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_2: wen he begame excited on h setan point whon could af sworn that one ad sening befo setdoar a bention apolacecot a wating ctrile or a mong bagga blonce y posd thet time beging before the prisen dors
	layer_4: when he begame excited on a set ain point whene could havf sworn that one had sening before se ted on a bention a policecourt awaiting trile or among bagabloance he pass thait time begging before the prison doors
	layer_6: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seening before seated on a bension a polisced court a waiting trial or among bagablonce he passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_8: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_10: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors
	layer_12: when he became excited on a certain point one could have sworn that one had seen him before seated on a bench in a police court a waiting trial or among bagabons who passed their time begging before the prison doors

file: 6123-59150-0044.flac
expected: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old slavonic saints
	layer_2: it alov the times he carry that loo cuo srd and gen tl mekness sane on the miges ofv olds tho vont ic scains
	layer_4: atd al ovthe times whe carryd that look of sard and gentl mekness seen on the images of oldsthe voneic cains
	layer_6: at all other times who curried that look of cird and gentle meekness seen on the images of old s tevonic ceints
	layer_8: at all other times whe carried that look of sud and gentle meekness seen on the images of old stevonic saints
	layer_10: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savonic saints
	layer_12: at all other times he carried that look of sad and gentle meekness seen on the images of old savonic saints

file: 6123-59150-0045.flac
expected: that is the portrait of the man one sees behind dostoevsky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_2: thas s epporthued of the man one sased the hindou ssarschis nols te portch it ene might le mo sevin fird from the novles
	layer_4: that eportud of the man one ses the hin os seacskis novels aep porthite one might almoshave infurd from the novels
	layer_6: that isa porturde of the man one seys behind dostaskis novels a portrite one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_8: that is tae portait of the man one sees behind dosteski's novels a porcrit one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_10: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosteesky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels
	layer_12: that is a portrait of the man one sees behind dosseesky's novels a portrait one might almost have inferred from the novels

file: 6123-59150-0046.flac
expected: it is a figure that at once fascinates and repels
	layer_2: it is a fege that it once fassinahte s endre pels
	layer_4: it is a figa t at it once fasinates andrepills
	layer_6: it is a figer that at once facinates end repells
	layer_8: it is a figur that it once fascinates and repells
	layer_10: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels
	layer_12: it is a figure that it once fascinates and repels

file: 6123-59186-0000.flac
expected: he is not by temperament a singer
	layer_2: he is not by temfrmen to singea
	layer_4: he is not by temprmento singa
	layer_6: he is not by tempramento singer
	layer_8: he is not by temperamen to singer
	layer_10: he is not by temperament to singer
	layer_12: he is not by temperament to singer

file: 6123-59186-0001.flac
expected: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and storm
	layer_2: hi's masa e us a stilsmo ois una enly match togainse his counsiousness of nmidnit an sto
	layer_4: heis masic is a still smol voise unvenly mach togains his consciousness of midnoth and stoll
	layer_6: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnith and stol
	layer_8: hise music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stol
	layer_10: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stoll
	layer_12: his music is a still small voice unevenly matched against his consciousness of midnight and stoll

file: 6123-59186-0002.flac
expected: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_2: trut to tel miste harde s ne the sufficiontly outiculoi nos ofpicientlit fescitius to be a great poit
	layer_4: truth to tell mister harty s new the sufficiently articulit norsufficiently fostidius to be a great poet
	layer_6: truth to tell mister harty s nei ther sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_8: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_10: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet
	layer_12: truth to tell mister hardy is neither sufficiently articulate nor sufficiently fastidious to be a great poet

file: 6123-59186-0003.flac
expected: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_2: he es not expresst lif eisily inbetofr wrd sor an emiges
	layer_4: he does not expresse life easirly in butiful words or an emages
	layer_6: he does not expressed life easily in beautiful words ore an images
	layer_8: he does not express life easily in beautiful words ar in images
	layer_10: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images
	layer_12: he does not express life easily in beautiful words or in images

file: 6123-59186-0004.flac
expected: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_2: thou s he wrat sen if foand her outte of one who
	layer_4: thus he wrigtseen i found her outther of one who
	layer_6: thus he writs in i found her out there of one who
	layer_8: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_10: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who
	layer_12: thus he writes in i found her out there of one who

file: 6123-59186-0005.flac
expected: there could not be an uglier and more prosaic exaggeration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_2: the could no p  n ugly and mor presa acoud sudguration thnse comtand in the magdintelas lon
	layer_4: the could not be an ugly and mol presea could suderation thnmse containd in the emage in the last lin
	layer_6: thee could not be an ugli and milel presei could saderation then ce contained in the image in the last line
	layer_8: there could not be an uglyr and more presayacoud saturation than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_10: there could not be an uglyer and more prosaya good saduration than is contained in the image in the last line
	layer_12: there could not be an ugly and more prosaya good saduration than is contained in the image in the last line

file: 6123-59186-0006.flac
expected: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_2: and pros in tud in the tarcs of wrds as wellars in emiges
	layer_4: and pros indruds in the twose of words as well as and imigers
	layer_6: and prosein drds in the toste of words as well as an images
	layer_8: and prose intrude in the toice of words as well as in images
	layer_10: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images
	layer_12: and prose intrudes in the choice of words as well as in images

file: 6123-59186-0007.flac
expected: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about
	layer_2: take for xampln the usi the werd domasild in the passagi in the same polme atut
	layer_4: take for example the uso the word domasild in the passage in the same pol abhout
	layer_6: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same palm about
	layer_8: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage and the same poem about
	layer_10: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage an the same poem about
	layer_12: take for example the use of the word domiciled in the passage in the same poem about

file: 6123-59186-0008.flac
expected: when we as strangers sought their catering care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_2: when we stranges sorht ther cater in car vold smiles be spake therfhourhte of what we ler
	layer_4: when weas stranges sourt their cater in care vald smiles bespok their thougt of what we were
	layer_6: when we as stranges sought their cator in care valed smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_8: when weas strangers sought their cator in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_10: when we as strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were
	layer_12: when we as strangers sought their cater in care veiled smiles bespoke their thought of what we were

file: 6123-59186-0009.flac
expected: catering care is an appalling phrase
	layer_2: catering car is and apaling fras
	layer_4: catering care is an a palling frais
	layer_6: katering care is in a palling phrase
	layer_8: kater ind care is an appalling phrase
	layer_10: kater an care is an appalling phrase
	layer_12: kater in care is an appalling phrase

file: 6123-59186-0010.flac
expected: is a line of good poetry
	layer_2: is a lin of copolity
	layer_4: is a line of godpoloty
	layer_6: is a line of good polity
	layer_8: is a line of good polety
	layer_10: is a line of good politry
	layer_12: is a line of good politry

file: 6123-59186-0011.flac
expected: you did not come and marching time drew on and wore me numb yet less for loss of your dear presence there than that i thus found lacking in your make that high compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure loving kindness sake grieved i when as the hope hour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_2: yo did not come and moching time jeon and wale me nowm yet los fa los so youo dya presence ther then that a tusfand lacking inyoau make that hah conpassion which connoveher er fwe loctance fteplu loving kines sake greave di when is the ho bou strot tdid some hyeu did not come
	layer_4: you did not come and matching time ew on and wall me nom yet los fu los of your da presentce there then that ir thust vand luckingyin your make that highe conpassion which can ova bare re luctance fa pu loving kindness sake grive d ie when is the hoboa strotedit sum you did not come
	layer_6: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet los for losst of your dear presence there then that i thus foun lacking in your make that highe compassion which can overber reluctance for pure lovin kindness sake grieved ye when is the hopeors strothed it sume you did not come
	layer_8: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet losst for losst of your dear presence there than that a thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure lov and kindness sake grieved ie when as the hopeouer stroked it sum you did not come
	layer_10: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure love and kindness sake grieved i when as the hoour stroked its sum you did not come
	layer_12: you did not come and marching time drew on and war me numb yet loss for loss of your dear presence there then that i thus found lacking in your make that higher compassion which can overbear reluctance for pure love and kindness sake grieved i when as the hoour stroked its sum you did not come

file: 6123-59186-0012.flac
expected: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phrases like in your make and as the hope hour stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_2: there hin s of the gran stil of li rit potry in thes linds butfras es leck inourl make end is the hope oul stru tid some a discocs thet prhat toumblin to the livles of i tory and commantlace
	layer_4: ther a hins of the gran sdile of lierit poetry in thes lines but fraises luck enyour make and as the hope aolla stroked it sum a discos that beriat tumbling to the livels of itc toryan commentlace
	layer_6: there arehincse of the grand style of liric poletry in these lines but phrasers lucke inyor make and as the hope al stroked it sum ar discourdse that bringet tumbling to the levels of ictori and commontlace
	layer_8: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but fhrasers luck in your make and as the hope or stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_10: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phraser's luk in your make and as the hope ow stroked its sum ae discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace
	layer_12: there are hints of the grand style of lyric poetry in these lines but phraser's luck in your make and as the hope o stroked its sum are discords that bring it tumbling to the levels of victorian commonplace

file: 6123-59186-0013.flac
expected: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_2: he hase ae temprement sensitivte be oun that of obut a feractant rites to the paing impasion of hm and bens
	layer_4: he has it temprment sensitive beyon thout of obod a furacant rites to the pain impassion of human bens
	layer_6: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of albut a fuw recant rites to the pan in passion of human bengs
	layer_8: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_10: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings
	layer_12: he has a temperament sensitive beyond that of all but a few recent writers to the pain and passion of human beings

file: 6123-59186-0014.flac
expected: one can remember poem after poem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late cristina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue and the bust to name a few
	layer_2: won cand remember pall of to pall of his withthe sfaime that might asily have srvds foro mi s tor hardty two late cresteeno the lost mistres the last rid together the stetcshu in the bst to naye a fe
	layer_4: one can rememberpall of ter pal of his with a theme that might easily have serves for mister harty two late christenar the lost mistress the last rid together the stacttu ain the bust to name af few
	layer_6: one can remember palm after palm of his with a them that might easily have served for mister hearty too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the stactul and the bust to name a few
	layer_8: one can remember polm after polem of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bost to name a few
	layer_10: one can remember pam after pam of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bost to name a few
	layer_12: one can remember pam after pam of his with a theme that might easily have served for mister hardy too late christina the lost mistress the last ride together the statue in the bost to name a few

file: 6123-59186-0015.flac
expected: but what a sense of triumph there is in browning's tragedies
	layer_2: but whet i sence of chiomp theris an brornin's targetiees
	layer_4: but what isencse of chiump theire is and brownings thragedies
	layer_6: but what a sense of chiump there is and brownings tragedies
	layer_8: but what a sense of chriumph there is in browning's tragedis
	layer_10: but what a sense of triumph there is in brownine's tragedies
	layer_12: but what a sense of triumph there is in brownine's tragedies

file: 6123-59186-0016.flac
expected: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_2: his werd as acplacof opilaentse notoepovity
	layer_4: his wolld as aplae of oppulence not ofpovity
	layer_6: his world is a place of oppulence not ofe poverty
	layer_8: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_10: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty
	layer_12: his world is a place of opulence not of poverty

file: 6123-59186-0017.flac
expected: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_2: to have lobdlidein for n al is with branning to live foreveroghter in hen hearitens of e mityachevment
	layer_4: to have lobdiden for an ha is with brownning to lived forever after in the inheritance of a mighty achevement
	layer_6: to have lovbedotin for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighte achivement
	layer_8: to have loved even for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_10: to have loved even for an hour is withbrowning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement
	layer_12: to have loved even for an hour is with browning to live for ever after in the inheritance of a mighty achievement

file: 6123-59186-0018.flac
expected: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_2: t ae lod fran oua is in mis te hirdes amengination t havb dapend the sadnes even mor than the bety of on's memoris
	layer_4: to have loged for an hour is in mister hartes  magination to have dapend te sadness even more than the beauty of on'se memoris
	layer_6: to have loved for an hour is an mister heardi's imagination to have depened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memoris
	layer_8: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_10: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories
	layer_12: to have loved for an hour is in mister hardy's imagination to have deepened the sadness even more than the beauty of one's memories

file: 6123-59186-0019.flac
expected: for then i undistrest by hearts grown cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with equanimity
	layer_2: for then ei undistrest by hearts gon cald to me could lonly wrait my andthes rest with ha cuinimity
	layer_4: for then iy un distresst by hearts gron cald to me could lonly wait my end tes rest with ar cuinnimity
	layer_6: for then i undistresset by hearts growing caled to me could lonly waite my endless rest with her qcuinimity
	layer_8: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonly wait my endless rest with eir quanimity
	layer_10: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonly wait my endless rest with teirquanimity
	layer_12: for then i undistressed by hearts growing cold to me could lonely wait my endless rest with eir quanimity

file: 6123-59186-0020.flac
expected: but time to make me grieve part steals lets part abide and shakes this fragile frame at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_2: but tim to make me greve pat stiils let's part a bid and shakes thisfijo frame at eve withrobings of nentd
	layer_4: but time to make me grieve pat stills lets part a bid and shakes this fadou framat eve with throbbings of nuontird
	layer_6: but time to make me grieve part stels lets part abide and shakes this fajo fram at eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_8: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part a bide and shakes this fragol frame ant eve with throbbings of noontide
	layer_10: but time to make me grieve part steels let's part abide and shakes this fragele frame at eve with throbbings of noon tide
	layer_12: but time to make me grieve part steals let's part abide and shakes this frageile frame at eve with throbbings of noon tide

file: 6123-59186-0021.flac
expected: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardy's poems the oxen
	layer_2: and dispiryis by no mans tay untance in oad is ber haps the mosther chracty e of ar mys ste hardehis pons the okson
	layer_4: and disparis by no means thrionphance in ward as perhaps the most te tractivfe of allmister hard is poms the oxon
	layer_6: and despairis by no means triunphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister had is palms the oxen
	layer_8: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hadeis poems the oxen
	layer_10: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hardey's poems the oxen
	layer_12: and despair is by no means triumphant in what is perhaps the most attractive of all mister hyrdey's poms the oxen

file: 6123-59186-0022.flac
expected: we pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their strawy pen nor did it occur to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_2: ou picthhald tha make mile creches wharthe drelto this toorypn no dedit e parto one of ust ther to dout the wa nealing then
	layer_4: you pictured the meak mile creatense where they drel tin this dorypan nor didet a perto one of us there to daubt there wer nealing then
	layer_6: you picture the miek miled creatueres where they drelt in their s tory pen nor did it appareto one of us there to doubt theye were kneeling then
	layer_8: who pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it appar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_10: wo pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it accuar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then
	layer_12: wo pictured the meek mild creatures where they dwelt in their story pen nor did it occuar to one of us there to doubt they were kneeling then

file: 6123-59186-0023.flac
expected: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardy's prevailing mood
	layer_2: the mader fate hellive arather of de lik in the memoery or fath his not mis to hardhis prevailyid mod
	layer_4: the meder faith hoivear orrather of delighte in the memoryo faith is not mister hadt is prevaling mood
	layer_6: the modo faith hoever or rather of delight in the memorior faith is not mister hard is prevailing mood
	layer_8: the moodof faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hardi's prevailing mood
	layer_10: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hard's prevailing mood
	layer_12: the mood of faith however or rather of delight in the memory of faith is not mister hard's prevailing mood

file: 6123-59186-0024.flac
expected: he can enter upon a war without ironical doubts as we see in the song men who march away
	layer_2: he coan ente upun a wa wi thaut erwany q wuld dks thas we se in the some men he mouch ea way
	layer_4: he can enter rupont a wal with thout iruniqould doks as wes see in the soum men ho mach away
	layer_6: he can enter upon a wa without ironiculd ducks as we see in the sunmg men who marchd away
	layer_8: he can enter upon a wall without ironicald ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_10: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away
	layer_12: he can enter upon a wall without ironical ducks as we see in the sum men who march away

file: 6123-59186-0025.flac
expected: how long he cries in a poem written some years ago
	layer_2: hew long he crie in upoam witen soe meusago
	layer_4: how long he cridse in apom ritten some meius ago
	layer_6: how long he crieds in a pom written some meas ago
	layer_8: how long he cries in a pam witten some years ago
	layer_10: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago
	layer_12: how long he cries in a palm written some years ago

file: 6123-59186-0026.flac
expected: when shall the saner softer polities whereof we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism grown godlike scorn to stand bondslave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_2: when sh o the sana softe puolitis were o whe dame have sway onach proud land and patualdt is im gron godleck scon tesdend bon slavedo relmes but secl ert tan seves
	layer_4: whentho the sanar suftef polities were awe drem have swuay on ach prowud land and patued is em grown godluck scon to stand bon slaved da rolms but sircale earththan sevtes
	layer_6: when th al the saner softof polities where ill we dream have sway in each proud land and patretism growing godluck scornd to stand bon slaved o realms but circl earth and ses
	layer_8: when tharl the sanar' softe polities where all we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growin godluck scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_10: when shall the sana softer polities where all we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godluck scornd to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas
	layer_12: when shall the sana softer polities where all we dream have sway in each proud land and patriotism growing godluck scorn to stand bond slave to realms but circle earth and seas

file: 6123-59186-0027.flac
expected: but perhaps his characteristic attitude to war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior soul flame as to how their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_2: but perhaps his carecteurestegatecheed to wars to be found not in lins ek nes but in that melancally pome the sols ofs the slan in which thesos of the ded solges reternto their county and question as seeniour so flame waste ha their friens in relits hafd kep theid douty dads in he memberance
	layer_4: but perhaps his caracteroustig atitued to wars to be found not in lins like tes but in that melancolly pom the souls of the slain in which the sos of the dead solges returne to thir country and question aseeniou sol flame was to haw their friends and relities have kept their doubti deads in rememberance
	layer_6: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes tof wars to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy pom the souls of the slain in which the soulves of the dead soldiers returnd to their country and question asenia sou flame was to howr their friends and relities have kept their doubti deeds in remembrance
	layer_8: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war s to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers returnd to their country and question asenia soul flame was to how their friends and relities have kept their doughte deeds in remembrance
	layer_10: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a seniors soul flame as to have their friends and relaties have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance
	layer_12: but perhaps his characteristic attitudes of war is to be found not in lines like these but in that melancholy poem the souls of the slain in which the souls of the dead soldiers return to their country and question a senior's soul flame as to have their friends and relatives have kept their doughty deeds in remembrance

file: 6123-59186-0028.flac
expected: and general how hold out our sweethearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_2: and gener he hod out e sweet heats swon lil is does
	layer_4: and gener hew hod out a sweet hots sworn lil is duves
	layer_6: and generl hel holrd out or sweethorts sworn loyl as duves
	layer_8: and general hell hold out our sweet hearts sworn loyl as doves
	layer_10: in general hell hold out our sweet hearts sworn loyal as doves
	layer_12: in general hell hold out our sweet hearts sworn loyal as doves

file: 6123-59186-0029.flac
expected: some fickle and fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_2: some fycland fleat harts a faund dhe newloves
	layer_4: some ficle and fleethearts a found the new loes
	layer_6: some fickle and fleethearts a found them new loaves
	layer_8: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loves
	layer_10: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loaves
	layer_12: some fickle in fleet hearts have found them new loaves

file: 6123-59186-0030.flac
expected: and our wives quoth another resignedly dwell they on our deeds
	layer_2: and i wis quithen other resunidly dull dan o deg
	layer_4: and i wives quithen other resunedly dul teyon ourded
	layer_6: and our wives quith another resinedly du tey on ou deeds
	layer_8: and our wives quih another resignedly do they on our deeds
	layer_10: and our wives quoth another resignedly doe they on our deeds
	layer_12: and our wives quoth another resignedly dol they on our deeds

file: 6123-59186-0031.flac
expected: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_2: esthe hirdy has toa bet heroascent ofpreolity to beled mutc h in the glory of a
	layer_4: is te hirdy has two bit erassens of reality do belive much in the glory of wa
	layer_6: mis te hardy has too biter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_8: mister hardi has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_10: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war
	layer_12: mister hardy has too bitter a sense of reality to believe much in the glory of war

file: 6123-59186-0032.flac
expected: the real world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_2: the ererwell to mister hardy is thewod of antont hm an things in which wae has come to by hityious erelovence
	layer_4: the rewell to mister harty is the wod of ensient himen things in which war has come to be hitiousyrelevance
	layer_6: the rearworle to mister hearty is the world of encient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irelevants
	layer_8: the reare world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irelevance
	layer_10: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance
	layer_12: the rear world to mister hardy is the world of ancient human things in which war has come to be a hideous irrelevance

file: 6123-59186-0033.flac
expected: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardy's poems about war are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_2: i maby togrt un the oter hen that mis te hard is pons bout wa and nomor xpressev of chrudi fea tuity that his pons about love
	layer_4: it maybi tshought on the over hand that missteo hard is pons bout wal an nomore expressive of thragict feutility that his pons about love
	layer_6: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hard his pons about wall a no more expressive of tragict futility that his pollns about love
	layer_8: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hards pons about wall and no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_10: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's polms about wall are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poems about love
	layer_12: it may be thought on the other hand that mister hardey's poms about wal are no more expressive of tragic futility than his poms about love

file: 6123-59186-0034.flac
expected: futility and frustration are ever recurring themes in both
	layer_2: hetilite an fustrotion a ever recaury temes and bofth
	layer_4: feti wity indfroustration a ever recary thems an both
	layer_6: futility and frustration nore ever requary tshemes in both
	layer_8: futility and frustration ow ever requarig themes in both
	layer_10: futility and frustration are ever requiryin themes in both
	layer_12: futility and frustration are ever requiryig themes in both

file: 6123-59186-0035.flac
expected: his lovers like his soldiers rot in the grave defeated of their glory
	layer_2: his lovhrs lack his soges rolt ing the grod do feted of thei gory
	layer_4: his lovers lack hi sogies rout in the grad e feted of their gory
	layer_6: his lovers like his soldiers wrogtin the gra defeated of their gory
	layer_8: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grae defeated of their gory
	layer_10: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grav defeated of their glory
	layer_12: his lovers like his soldiers wrot in the grav defeated of their glory

file: 6123-59186-0036.flac
expected: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_2: leveas ar alwads sevr brothinlife andtindeath
	layer_4: lovers are always sevred broth in life and indeth
	layer_6: lovers are always severed bth in life and in death
	layer_8: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_10: lovers are always severed both in life and in death
	layer_12: lovers are always severed both in life and in death

file: 6123-59186-0037.flac
expected: in beyond the last lamp we have the same mournful cry over severance
	layer_2: in be oun dhe ls tanp we have the same monful cry of the severance
	layer_4: in be on delast thamp we have the same monful cri o ther severance
	layer_6: in beond delast tamp we have the same mounful cry over severence
	layer_8: in beyond the last tamp we have the same ournful cry over severance
	layer_10: in beyond the last stamp we have the same mournful cry over saverance
	layer_12: in beyond the last stamp we hade the same mournful cry over saverance

file: 6123-59186-0038.flac
expected: no shade of pinnacle or tree or tower while earth endures will fall on my mound and within the hour steal on to yours one robin never haunt our two green covertures
	layer_2: no shade of pieny cu a tre or tow whil erthinjs wrfor an my mound and beth in thea steille un t ees one wroben never hort atwo green covicos
	layer_4: no shade of pinicoo a tre o tower while earth anjus wle four an my mound and bithin the oura stiel un t yors one roben never hount our two green ovartues
	layer_6: no shade of pinnicoo o tree or tower while earth injars will four ind my mound and within the hour stiel unto yours one rubbin never haunt our two green covertues
	layer_8: no shade of pinnicol or tree or tower while earth en jars will fall in my mound and within the hour stell unto yours one robin never haunt our two green coveatueles
	layer_10: no shade of pinnico or tree or tower while earth en jors will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertules
	layer_12: no shade of pinnic or tree or tower while earth en jors will fall on my mound and within the hour steal unto yours one robin never haunt our two green covertues

file: 6123-59186-0039.flac
expected: they bring us face to face with an experience intenser than our own
	layer_2: they bri haus faced o face with a expirance intensef than ot one
	layer_4: they bring us face o face with han expirience intensof than ou own
	layer_6: they bring us face to face with an experience intensir than our own
	layer_8: they bring us face to face with an experienced intensi than our own
	layer_10: they bring us face to face with an experienced intenser than our own
	layer_12: they bring us face to face with an experienced intenser than our own

file: 6123-59186-0040.flac
expected: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pale corpse like birth of this diurnal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dullest of dull hued days
	layer_2: nogthing ho tinous worth hove iveroght ponded pland no wome thing askin blame al pras sins the pal coksac birh of thistnal unet bering blenksinal its ras dellist of dell he days
	layer_4: nothing of tinous worth have i roughtu pondered pland no one thing asking blamal prais since the parl court s ie berth of thistayrnal unut baring blanks inal its rais dellist of dullhud days
	layer_6: nothing of tines worth have i wrought upondered pland no one thing asking blame ol praise since the pal court like birth of this dinal unit bearing blanks in all its rays dulist of dullahud days
	layer_8: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought  pondered pland no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal cours like birth of this dinal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dull hued dayse
	layer_10: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered plannd no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal courks like birth of this dirnal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dull hued dayse
	layer_12: nothing of tiniest worth have i wrought pondered planned no one thing asking blame or praise since the pal courk like birth of this diernal unit bearing blanks in all its raise dullest of dull hued dayse

file: 4153-186223-0000.flac
expected: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_2: in ne coner of te litlrom can ith forbes sqwatred upone abengh bwithan emty pinbocks hasd carlisly in his lap
	layer_4: in wone coner of the little room can ith forbs squated upone a bangh with an empty pinboks hasd carelesly in his lap
	layer_6: in one coner of the little room cenith forbes squatted upon a pench with an empty pine box hasd carelessly in his lap
	layer_8: in one corner of the little room kenneth fobes squattered upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_10: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap
	layer_12: in one corner of the little room kenneth forbes squatted upon a bench with an empty pine box held carelessly in his lap

file: 4153-186223-0001.flac
expected: while duncan worked the boy was busy with his pencil but neither had spoken for at least a half hour
	layer_2: why dounkan wooked the boi was busywit his pense but ni the hat spokon for a tese  half a
	layer_4: whi dankin woroked the boy was busy with his pense but neither had spoken for atlease a half ar
	layer_6: while dunkin worked the boy was busy with his pencis but neither had spoken for it leased a half u
	layer_8: while duncin worked the boy was busy with his pences but neither had spoken for at lease a half ut
	layer_10: while duncin worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half out
	layer_12: while duncin worked the boy was busy with his fences but neither had spoken for at least a half out

file: 4153-186223-0002.flac
expected: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his troubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for retirement until the girls had left elmhurst for good
	layer_2: then trieding loly up the head t bodow drod histrobrs onse mornt asal him and he onet of there was not somec wat upon thoe brod at to which hecould fli for e timend und er the gorse had left an mast focod
	layer_4: then riering s loly up the head t pod er road hiscrubers one more a saile him and he wonedored of there was not somes wat upon the broughd a to which he could fli for aetiawent untl the gors had left elmust fo gold
	layer_6: then riding slowly up the heade porder road his strubles once more assaile him and he wondered of there was not somes pat upon the broad ert to which he could fly for a tient until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_8: then riding slowly up the hedge bodered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some sport upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tiint until the girls had left elmust for good
	layer_10: then riding slowly up the hedge boddered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tywant until the girls had left elmhust for good
	layer_12: then riding slowly up the hedge bordered road his trubles once more assailed him and he wondered if there was not some spot upon the broad earth to which he could fly for a tywant until the girls had left elmhust for good

file: 4153-186223-0003.flac
expected: nora shied and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arrest him
	layer_2: no ro shid and he looket apteo dhiscoer that he had meanly un down of pe desten astoudlat the mane with a ban dlunder his om who hed up one hand as ifter wre lest hi
	layer_4: nor rar shide and he looked upto hiscover lhat he had merly an down of pidescien astautlittl man with a bandeleunder his am who heald up one hand as if te wad est i
	layer_6: nor ashiede and he looked up to discover that he had nearly run down a pidestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to wardresthim
	layer_8: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had merely run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to warresst him
	layer_10: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nerely run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to arest him
	layer_12: norah shied and he looked up to discover that he had nerely run down a pedestrian a stout little man with a bundle under his arm who held up one hand as if to orest him

file: 4153-186223-0004.flac
expected: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_2: bead you wanto cal ask the biy
	layer_4: vedyou wont to coll aked the boy
	layer_6: wherd yu want to coll asked the boy
	layer_8: where do you want to gol asked the boy
	layer_10: where do you want to go asked the boy
	layer_12: where do you want to go asked the boy

file: 4153-186223-0005.flac
expected: then it's the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_2: thet is the same gain his ever he lisponded wrt the shake f has grusited hag
	layer_4: thet is the same jan his ever he respinded whith e shake of his grisolled head
	layer_6: thet is the same jane is ever he responded with he shake of his grizzled head
	layer_8: that is the same jane as ever he responded with ha shake of his grizzled head
	layer_10: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head
	layer_12: that is the same jane as ever he responded with a shake of his grizzled head

file: 4153-186223-0006.flac
expected: do you know i sort o hoped she'd reformed and i'd be glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_2: dheno i sant a horp she te form and i' bekgladas e her agaim theyto me sh's gof money
	layer_4: the ou know i somwe a horps sheep to formed and i'd beak ladas e her again thetil me she's gofe money
	layer_6: d you kno i sawn of horpe sheep teformed and i bi lad as e her again titell me she's gote money
	layer_8: do you know i sw o hope sheep performed and i'd biglad tose her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_10: doyou know i sw a hope she'p performed and i'd beg glad to see her again they tell me she's got money
	layer_12: do you know i saw a hope she'p performed and i'd beg glad to see her again they tell me she's got money

file: 4153-186223-0007.flac
expected: aunt jane's rich aunt jane
	layer_2: anjins righ anjean
	layer_4: antns wrich anta
	layer_6: antines wrich untan
	layer_8: aun jane's vrich auntane
	layer_10: aunt jane's vich aun jane
	layer_12: aunt jane's wich aunt jane

file: 4153-186223-0008.flac
expected: echoed the man quickly what's your name lad
	layer_2: e core the min quicly what a namlat
	layer_4: acore the man queckly wat you namelhae
	layer_6: acor ther man cuickly what you nam lhad
	layer_8: echoed the man quickly what you name lad
	layer_10: echoed the man quickly what your name lad
	layer_12: echoed the man quickly what you name lad

file: 4153-186223-0009.flac
expected: don't like girls i take it
	layer_2: don' my gas itiki
	layer_4: don' my gos i dickit
	layer_6: don't my gorse i dickit
	layer_8: don't my gos i dick it
	layer_10: don't my gos i dick it
	layer_12: don't my gos i dick it

file: 4153-186223-0010.flac
expected: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questioner
	layer_2: a nother lorns ten the boi sadden litund queseno
	layer_4: aneother lan pas then the boy suddenly tuned queshno
	layer_6: another long pase then the boy suddenly turned questiono
	layer_8: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned questiono
	layer_10: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned question ar
	layer_12: another long pause then the boy suddenly turned question or

file: 4153-186223-0011.flac
expected: you know aunt miss merrick sir
	layer_2: you no on ut miss maricser
	layer_4: you know un a mismaricser
	layer_6: you know an  missmaic sir
	layer_8: you know an miss meick sir
	layer_10: you know un  miss merrick sir
	layer_12: you know un  miss merrick sir

file: 4153-186223-0012.flac
expected: i used to when we were both younger
	layer_2: a yousto when me brvoth yongter
	layer_4: a ousto when me bevoth yunger
	layer_6: an ou stop when we be voth younger
	layer_8: i ousto when we were woth younger
	layer_10: a usto when we were both younger
	layer_12: a usto when we were both younger

file: 4153-186223-0013.flac
expected: kenneth stopped short and the mare stopped and the little man with a whimsical smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_2: gan it stopp shot and the mastoped and e littan man weithe wame se goot smil ad the boyse as danisthment asestot
	layer_4: gan it stoppe shot and the mare stopped andth littl mand with the wam a good smileet the boys hasdonishment alser stoed
	layer_6: cannit stopped shot and the mare stpped and the little mant with the wames a good smile at the boys hastonishment allse stopped
	layer_8: cannit stopped short and the may stopped and the little man wir er walmes a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_10: cannit stopped short and the mayre stopped and the little man with e wamwsh a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped
	layer_12: can et stopped short and the mayre stopped and the little man with e wimesh a good smile at the boy's astonishment also stopped

file: 4153-186223-0014.flac
expected: john merrick that's me
	layer_2: jan meik that me
	layer_4: juhn meic that me
	layer_6: john meic that me
	layer_8: john medick that me
	layer_10: john medick that me
	layer_12: john medick that me

file: 4153-186223-0015.flac
expected: you were the tinsmith
	layer_2: you was a dns met
	layer_4: you was at den's met
	layer_6: you as a tensmet
	layer_8: you was at ten met
	layer_10: you was at densmet
	layer_12: you was at densmet

file: 4153-186223-0016.flac
expected: they kept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merrick
	layer_2: thi kep crack of here br cous she suddeny becimlrich and a grart laty and that wash as af brising thin to hap of two mealik
	layer_4: theyckep track of her bcous she suddeny became rich and a greatlady and that was as a rising thingk to happ it to o meri
	layer_6: thick apt track of her because she' suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happer to a melic
	layer_8: tickept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a melick
	layer_10: thiy ept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick
	layer_12: thiy ept track of her because she suddenly became rich and a great lady and that was a surprising thing to happen to a merick

file: 4153-186223-0017.flac
expected: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_2: tincyour lad rd on the man cradfrly i toghterlit lexecice would dome god but tis t re mis has seem leck tarty to me
	layer_4: fhank oure lad sriton the man cratfully i thoughta litt l ex sise would dwome god but this three mylse has seem like tarty to me
	layer_6: thank your lad reiturn the man cratefully i thought a little execise would do me good but this three mile has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_8: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_10: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me
	layer_12: thank you lad returned the man gratefully i thought a little exercise would do me good but this three miles has seemed like thirty to me

file: 4153-186223-0018.flac
expected: i will said the man
	layer_2: i weilt said the mant
	layer_4: i will said the man
	layer_6: i will said the man
	layer_8: i will said the man
	layer_10: i will said the man
	layer_12: i will said the man

file: 4153-186223-0019.flac
expected: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_2: the boit nd hawa but in a moment hoilteo egain
	layer_4: the boyetend e wayr but in a moment whal to t again
	layer_6: the boy turndeway but in a moment halted again
	layer_8: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_10: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again
	layer_12: the boy turned away but in a moment halted again

file: 4153-186223-0020.flac
expected: his interest in miss jane's brother john was extraordinary
	layer_2: his interesst in mhis gns brother jon was extradnoty
	layer_4: his interesed in mis geans brother john was excradinary
	layer_6: his interest in mis jane's brother john was excrodinary
	layer_8: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraordinary
	layer_10: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraordinary
	layer_12: his interest in miss janes brother john was extraordinary

file: 4153-186222-0000.flac
expected: there's little danger in this quarter i'm sure so i may as well be friends with the poor child
	layer_2: plese littltd nged in this qwatorlemptr so ie me as wod pbe slant fwith the por chied
	layer_4: blease little  anged in this quatlemtur so i meas welld be flence with the por chied
	layer_6: blers little d anged in this quarter emsure so i meas wr would be flenc with the poor chiled
	layer_8: bulere's little dangel in this quarter i'msure so im me as well wold be flent with the poor child
	layer_10: there's little dangel in this quarter i'm sure so i me as well would be fenc with the poor child
	layer_12: there's little dangel in this quarter i'm sure so i mey as well oud be fend with the poor child

file: 4153-186222-0001.flac
expected: ah why not
	layer_2: a winon
	layer_4: ah yno'
	layer_6: ah whynot
	layer_8: ah whynot
	layer_10: a why not
	layer_12: a why not

file: 4153-186222-0002.flac
expected: beth hesitated
	layer_2: myt esatated
	layer_4: mat hasidated
	layer_6: mat hesidated
	layer_8: mat hesitated
	layer_10: mad hesitated
	layer_12: med hesitated

file: 4153-186222-0003.flac
expected: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_2: the letor askki me tof visite was the firset i have everta seie d foro mo
	layer_4: the leter asin me t ovisiter was the first i have ever raseied reher
	layer_6: the letter asking me to visit hor was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_8: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_10: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her
	layer_12: the letter asking me to visit her was the first i have ever received from her

file: 4153-186222-0004.flac
expected: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_2: but sinsheaskd me t o vis it her we jud she has oftd and mighte wish to becon fendty and d axcepte the indation
	layer_4: but since she asked me to visit her we jude she hads oftend and might wished to beconfendy and to axcepta the invidation
	layer_6: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become fendly and to i accept e the invitation
	layer_8: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_10: but since she asked me to visit her we judge she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation
	layer_12: but since she asked me to visit her we judged she had softened and might wish to become friendly and so i accepted the invitation

file: 4153-186222-0005.flac
expected: surely two girls will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_2: shw lhy do gaise wald have ae bate time in hislor me oad placse than won could haviloin
	layer_4: shwely dowo gas wil have l bette imin this loly o plesce than wone could havealone
	layer_6: suurely two gose will have a better dim in this lonly al plae than one could have alon
	layer_8: surely two gors will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have a lone
	layer_10: surely two gos will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone
	layer_12: surely two gods will have a better time in this lonely old place than one could have alone

file: 4153-186222-0006.flac
expected: oh yes she has corrected louise
	layer_2: or yes she has cdl ek tod lees
	layer_4: o yes she havs cul ac ted toies
	layer_6: o yes she has conlected the mies
	layer_8: oh yes she has conlected louise
	layer_10: oh yes she has colnected luise
	layer_12: oh yes she has colnected louise

file: 4153-186222-0007.flac
expected: you mean patricia doyle yes
	layer_2: you men puttrlyshl dor yes
	layer_4: you mean' putresh doil yes
	layer_6: you mean patrisia doil yes
	layer_8: you mean partrisia doil yes
	layer_10: you mean patricia dole yes
	layer_12: you mean patricia dole yes

file: 4153-186222-0008.flac
expected: then we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth calmly
	layer_2: thet me ma contlord she left out of the arlaingement said bet t come
	layer_4: thant wme ma eonclored shes left out of the arangement said beth come
	layer_6: than we may conclort she' left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_8: than we may conclode she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_10: than we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come
	layer_12: than we may conclude she's left out of the arrangement said beth come

file: 4153-186222-0009.flac
expected: you'll fight for your chance and fight mighty hard
	layer_2: you wal fie foee ar on chanse and fit myty hear
	layer_4: you ae fied foar own chance and fife mighty hear
	layer_6: you wave fied for our own chans and five o mighty hard
	layer_8: you ave fied for your own chance and five  mighty hard
	layer_10: you have fihed for your own chance and fie mighty hard
	layer_12: you have fied for your own chance and fied mighty hard

file: 4153-186222-0010.flac
expected: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt jane's money
	layer_2: why my der cusom i do fant unch ives moneyng
	layer_4: why migt dear casin i do't font aunchyive's money
	layer_6: why mit dear cousin i don't fand aun chive's money
	layer_8: why my dear cousin i don't ant aunt cheve's money
	layer_10: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt shv's money
	layer_12: why my dear cousin i don't want aunt he's money

file: 4153-186222-0011.flac
expected: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find rest from my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_2: my mater ani ut ampleprevitefor and im oly he r teofind ress for mysa fol tukies and ticgel ac quainted with my thead father sistep tat is o
	layer_4: my mader en i au ampleoprovided for and iam olny he ar to find ress for my sashalltuties and tickee a cquainted with my thed father systep that his all
	layer_6: my motherand i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my soicial duties and tockit acquainted with my dead father sistep that is al
	layer_8: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and tokeet acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_10: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all
	layer_12: my mother and i are amply provided for and i am only here to find dress for my social duties and to get acquainted with my dead father's sister that is all

file: 4153-186222-0012.flac
expected: my father teaches music and mother scolds him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_2: my fas the teact is neusi and maothers hous im continurily fo not being aberedo oun inoghmoney t o kepout of deat
	layer_4: my fa tha teach is music and mother's house im continually for not being aboleto un inaugh money to keep out of deat
	layer_6: my father teach is music and mother's hose im continually for not being able to un enough money to keep out of det
	layer_8: my father teaches music and mother's hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of deat
	layer_10: my father teaches music and mother s hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt
	layer_12: my father teaches music and mother s hose him continually for not being able to earn enough money to keep out of debt

file: 4153-186222-0013.flac
expected: we've never seen a cent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_2: we've noasegnos sent of hor mony or thogh fa the hastridet dy mesto bwar wenough tor havppee ight of his tificgoltiese
	layer_4: we've no as e no sent of her money or though father has ritat tiams to bare wenough to ha pin maht of his di ficalties
	layer_6: we've nevers e kn o sent of her money although father hast rihdad times to bor w enough to happhin out of his dificalties
	layer_8: we've never seen o scent of her money although father has trid at times to borow enough to hep him out of his difficulties
	layer_10: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has tried at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties
	layer_12: we've never seen a scent of her money although father has trid at times to borrow enough to help him out of his difficulties

file: 4153-186222-0014.flac
expected: i even kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_2: i ou'ld kisd evhen syeask me to and he sat a shivwer al d ow my back
	layer_4: i ou'd kiss her and she askd me to and itseit ta shever all d ow my bak
	layer_6: ar youwld kissed her when she askedme to and it sent a shewere all down my back
	layer_8: a youit kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_10: a you id kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back
	layer_12: a youd kissed her when she asked me to and it sent a shiver all down my back

file: 4153-186222-0015.flac
expected: for my part i am fond of everyone and it delights me to fuss around invalids and assist them
	layer_2: for mi baut i am fornd o every onet andad teilightes mee to fasat oun inwillas and esis them
	layer_4: for my bout i am forn of every one and a dilights me to fasitown inwilledgs and a sis them
	layer_6: for my pat i am forned of every one and it delights me to fasertoun in villags and asist them
	layer_8: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fasr round in village and assist them
	layer_10: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fast round in villages and assist them
	layer_12: for my part i am fond of every one and it delights me to fast round in villages and assist them

file: 4153-186222-0016.flac
expected: you say you like to care for invalids and i don't
	layer_2: you sea youl like tocarfr in mwol its and idond
	layer_4: you sea you like to carefor in willits and i dont
	layer_6: you say you like to care for in mwillets and i don't
	layer_8: you say you like to care for in willids and i don't
	layer_10: you say you' like to care for in willards and i don't
	layer_12: you say you' like to care for in willads and i don't

file: 4153-186222-0017.flac
expected: you're trying to make me think you don't want elmhurst when you're as anxious to get it as i am
	layer_2: youd climed to manke meat think you don't at an hes buet youte is an yos to getit as ia
	layer_4: you clime to make met think you dont wone al hers bun you as iam yous to get it as i a
	layer_6: you clime to make mee think you don't won el herse ben you as  am used to get it as iar
	layer_8: youre cline to make me think you don't want elhus when you'e as i'am used to get it as i am
	layer_10: you're tryin to make me think you don't want elhers when you're as i'm use to get it as i am
	layer_12: you're tryin to make me think you don't want elhurs when you're as i'm used to get it as i am

file: 4153-186222-0018.flac
expected: they call me beth sullenly
	layer_2: theyf i me bet salenly
	layer_4: they filel me bet salenly
	layer_6: they full me bet sulenly
	layer_8: they foll me bet sullenly
	layer_10: they found me bet sullenly
	layer_12: they folned me bet sullenly

file: 4153-186222-0019.flac
expected: i couldn't live in this out of the way corner of the world you know
	layer_2: i col dlave in this out of the way conoer of the waguna
	layer_4: i cont televen this out of the way onor of the walono
	layer_6: i cold't b leve in this out of the way corner of the wal ono
	layer_8: i couldn't belive in this out of the weaycorner of the wal yu now
	layer_10: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the wild you know
	layer_12: i couldn't live in this out of the waycorner of the wald you know

file: 4153-186222-0020.flac
expected: but suppose she leaves it to you persisted beth
	layer_2: but's a por she s a dr tasistin fet
	layer_4: but's a poure she nees a douw fr sistanfet
	layer_6: but su pouse she knedes at d fer asistan fet
	layer_8: but suppose she nedes a da or assistence fet
	layer_10: but suppose she needs a de per assistente tet
	layer_12: but suppose she needs a de per assistence thet

file: 4153-186222-0021.flac
expected: louise seemed to meditate
	layer_2: lewe seemd to metedit
	layer_4: lu seem to metesdet
	layer_6: louie seemd to meter dead
	layer_8: louise seemed to medee debt
	layer_10: louis seemed to medise debt
	layer_12: louis seemed to medise det

file: 4153-186222-0022.flac
expected: it's a magnificent estate said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_2: it te magg nifisent a stat said beth looking atho cusin doutfully
	layer_4: it o mag nifisent i stat said bet looking at he kasin toubtfully
	layer_6: it' o magnificenti stat said beth looking at her cousin toubtfully
	layer_8: it's a magnificent i state said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_10: it's a magnificent i state said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully
	layer_12: it's a magnificent i state said beth looking at her cousin doubtfully

file: 4153-186222-0023.flac
expected: now shall we be friends she asked lightly
	layer_2: now shuld re be frent shoe ast litly
	layer_4: now shal we be frent she asked lightely
	layer_6: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_8: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_10: now shall we be friend she asked lightly
	layer_12: now shall we be friend she asked lightly

file: 4153-186222-0024.flac
expected: to be sure i should want you to my dear
	layer_2: to be sher i shal wont etl midiar
	layer_4: to be shu i shol wante lit o midea
	layer_6: to be sur i shuld want littlel my dear
	layer_8: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_10: to be sure i should want little my dear
	layer_12: to be sure i should want little my dear

file: 4153-186222-0025.flac
expected: such a girl friend it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_2: sach a gorve ten it had never bee in herp a lighe to have terfor and wen hus ur spicions weof a gartin she be gamg farly has poncsi and briht in on di fuly
	layer_4: such a gid tlhen it had never beein herp re liged to have before and wen hers a spicions wirh a gartin she begame fairely res poncei and brihtind wondefully
	layer_6: such a gild lhen it had never been herpreviliged to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsiv and brightened wonderfully
	layer_8: such a girl then it had never been her privileged to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_10: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully
	layer_12: such a girl then it had never been her privilege to have before and when her suspicions were forgotten she became fairly responsive and brightened wonderfully

file: 4153-186222-0026.flac
expected: silas she said when he entered what do you think of my nieces
	layer_2: silis she said renyantot woa youe think of my neces
	layer_4: siles she said renientet what oyou think of myneses
	layer_6: siles she said reniented what oyour think of my nices
	layer_8: silus she said renientad what do you think of my nieces
	layer_10: silas she said renientad what do you think of my nieces
	layer_12: silas she said renientad what do you think of my nieces

file: 4153-186222-0027.flac
expected: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at an age when few girls show to good advantage
	layer_2: they at valy charming gades he anset ot the otetan age wren feuw gas shorto goodhaefanpage
	layer_4: the avalya ch arming gods he unse a tou the oedn age when few gaus shore to good efantage
	layer_6: they up very charming girds he answerd althou they areertin age when few gose show to good afandage
	layer_8: they are very charming girs he answered although they are it in age when few gars showe to good a vantage
	layer_10: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at in age when few gus showe to good advantage
	layer_12: they are very charming girls he answered although they are at in age when few gus show to good advantage

file: 4153-186222-0028.flac
expected: why did you not invite kenneth to dinner jane the boy
	layer_2: bieas od not in byte canes t dinongin the bory
	layer_4: wy this you not in wit kannesed to denaontiin the boy
	layer_6: why tes you not invite cannis to denounine the boy
	layer_8: why does you not invite kennis to denan jane the boy
	layer_10: why does you not invite kennis to den an jane the boy
	layer_12: why does you not invite kennis to den an jane the boy

file: 4153-186222-0029.flac
expected: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_2: he is consofdly saying tir sagreebler things
	layer_4: he is consivty saying te sagreble things
	layer_6: he is constiably saying tdhesagreeable things
	layer_8: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_10: he is constantly saying disagreeable things
	layer_12: he is constantly saying disagreeable things

file: 4153-186222-0030.flac
expected: very well said the lawyer quietly which of my nieces do you prefer
	layer_2: bearywe said the loyal quisly buch a m ess dyou profer
	layer_4: very well said the lowya quiely buit youf my ness d yu profer
	layer_6: very well said the lawye quietly but you my neeses do you prefer
	layer_8: very well said the lawyer quietly but your my nieces doyou prefer
	layer_10: very well said the lawyer quietly but tore my nieces do you prefer
	layer_12: very well said the lawyer quietly but or my nieces do you prefer

file: 4153-186222-0031.flac
expected: asked the old lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_2: af be wrlady aftropas i cannot se on sor shart and a quinpets hyansertd with crabity whuch d youprefigin
	layer_4: askedteo ere ladiy aftropas i cannot sa on so shot and a queinteds yanser with cravity which th you prefergane
	layer_6: asked youoor ladis after a pase i cannot sea on so short and acquainteds he answered with cravity which dhe you preferjane
	layer_8: asked yord ladies after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintancce he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_10: ask your lady after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane
	layer_12: ask your ladis after a pause i cannot say on so short an acquaintance he answered with gravity which do you prefer jane

file: 4153-186222-0032.flac
expected: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_2: the a euly ansatesfacty tsheanser
	layer_4: the a equili ansatesfpactrly sheanswer
	layer_6: they a equally and satisfactry she answer
	layer_8: they are equally un satisfactory she answered
	layer_10: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered
	layer_12: they are equally unsatisfactory she answered

file: 4153-186222-0033.flac
expected: i cannot imagine elmhurst belonging to either silas
	layer_2: i cannot imaghion ann mus thelong is to eitheor siles
	layer_4: ik cannot immagian and herst belongis to eithersiles
	layer_6: i cannot imagine elmhurs belong isto either silers
	layer_8: i cannot imagine elmhus belonging to either sidlas
	layer_10: i cannot imagine elmhus belonging to either silus
	layer_12: i cannot imagine elhus belonging to either silas

file: 4153-186222-0034.flac
expected: i must see that other niece the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_2: i musee that athenies the one whol do fis ne andt a fe was as tooncs on my sa can tetr
	layer_4: i mucee that othenes the wane who defise my and a fewas isto ancs on my sacond leter
	layer_6: i mut see that athernis the one who defise me and af fuses to ance on my second lettear
	layer_8: i must see that othernis the one who defies me and reffuses to answar my second letter
	layer_10: i must se that athernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter
	layer_12: i must se that athernis the one who defies me and refuses to answer my second letter

file: 4153-186222-0035.flac
expected: there would be a dozen heirs to fight for my money and dear old elmhurst would be sold to strangers she resumed with bitterness
	layer_2: there wiould be had dosant ears the fite for my money and dear al en hores wiuld he swr destrangos seusund thuth bittemess
	layer_4: there would be a dozan airs the fighte for my money and dear all enherse wiuld be sal destrangers seresud with pitermes
	layer_6: there would be a dozen airs te fight for my money and dear all endhuse would be sal dustrangers she resumed with bitamas
	layer_8: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear ol enhurse would be sal i strangers she resumed with pitamis
	layer_10: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear old enhus would be sol to strangers she resumed with pitamus
	layer_12: there would be a dozen airs to fight for my money and dear old enhust would be so to strangers she resumed with pitamus

file: 4153-61735-0000.flac
expected: they are but lukewarm lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at bowshot distance
	layer_2: the ar but lokome lovers whookcan contentemses woith the dilg carryd on and bosihc distes
	layer_4: the are but lok ome lovers whoo cen content t hemseves with the diolog caried on and boshot distance
	layer_6: they are but luok am lovers who can content theimselves with a dilog carried on at boshort distance
	layer_8: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogu carried on at boshot distance
	layer_10: they are but lukam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at boshort distance
	layer_12: they are but lukwam lovers who can content themselves with a dialogue carried on at boshort distance

file: 4153-61735-0001.flac
expected: if there be an elysium on earth it is this
	layer_2: if fther beanalis u mone oth it is this
	layer_4: if ther bi aneloesumon eath it is this
	layer_6: if there be an elisumanat it is this
	layer_8: if there be an elesumonat it is this
	layer_10: if there be an ellisumonart it is this
	layer_12: if there be an elisumonart it is this

file: 4153-61735-0002.flac
expected: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendid alliance holding nightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_2: hi one dohtter hi's only doo doe of the bes blad of sutheem avistocrecy beudtofl acomplished everythink to secur him wus plenderd alinds holing nigh le as sination with a hse hon to
	layer_4: hi own daughter his onlydote of the best blood of sutern arestocracy beu toful accomplished everythink to secyur him was plended alinds holling nightly asscination with a hose hunto
	layer_6: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blod of southern aristecrecy beautiful accomplished everythink to sec yur him was plended ta lions holing nightly a cignation with a horse hunter
	layer_8: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blod of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to seccure him as  plendor a llionce holding knightly assignation with a horse hunter
	layer_10: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendodt allions holding knightly assination with a horse hunter
	layer_12: his own daughter his only daughter of the best blood of southern aristocracy beautiful accomplished everything to secure him a splendot allions holding nightly assination with a horse hunter

file: 4153-61735-0003.flac
expected: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern counsel
	layer_2: he could velconce heed sor machdto herkc apriese since hersting at horm could be notors ad vantage or the cas that had cromped him to the sternd conse
	layer_4: he could welkanceed so mach dto her ka price since her staing at horm could be notis advantage to the coause that had prompaed him to the sturned counsel
	layer_6: he could well con ceed so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the sterne counsel
	layer_8: he could well conced so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_10: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council
	layer_12: he could well concede so much to her caprice since her staying at home could be no disadvantage to the cause that had prompted him to the stern council

file: 4153-61735-0004.flac
expected: it is already known that this road passed the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_2: it is or vedy nom thet this rod basd the hasy andar of cas i teal cowar at some tistance from the house and on the opposid sade of thirrever
	layer_4: it is all vedy knon that this road past the hase endar of cassi del colwa at some distance from the house and on the opposit side of the river
	layer_6: it is already known that this road passt the hassi ender of casa del corrva at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_8: it is already known that this road paset the hasienda of casadelkorwo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_10: it is already known that this road past the hascienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river
	layer_12: it is already known that this road past the hacienda of casa del corvo at some distance from the house and on the opposite side of the river

file: 4153-61735-0005.flac
expected: on reaching the copse he dismounted led his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bough then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm into its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda
	layer_2: on reaching the cops hedhes mandted let his horse in amang thog undarwoud hiched him by lhu bink his bradldrean a an ther tomos twiks of in ilasting bo thende daching a lng rof of twisted hors her from the horn of his sadl and inserting his am andor it's co he lal ed out to the ae of the ilingd on that sigd that letowars the hasyendu
	layer_4: on reaching the cops he desmounted let his holse in among thou under woarod hiched him by loupink his bridled ran arronther top mose twieks of in elasting bo then detaching a lon rop of twisted horse heair from the horn of his sadle and inserting his arm ando its col he cligded out to the ege of the islangd on that sigdt that le towars the husyenda
	layer_6: on reaching the copse he dispounted let his horse in among thoeugh underwood hitched him by luping his bridle grain arounde toppmost twiks of an ilasting bo then detuching a long roop of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and incerting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasiyenda
	layer_8: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twicgs of an ilastig bow then detoauching a long roop of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda
	layer_10: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an ilastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hasienda
	layer_12: on reaching the corpse he dismounted let his horse in among the underwood hitched him by looping his bridle rein around the topmost twigs of an elastic bow then detaching a long rope of twisted horsehair from the horn of his saddle and inserting his arm and to its coil he glided out to the edge of the island on that side that lay towards the hacienda

file: 4153-61735-0006.flac
expected: before forsaking the shadow of the copse he cast a glance towards the sky and at the moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_2: the forosa king the shid o of the corps he case aglance towor this gy and me the mon sarilingsupremly overl it
	layer_4: the fore orsteyaking the shadow of the cops he cast a glance towar this ky and methe mon sailing supremly overlit
	layer_6: teforefars saking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward thi sky and mathe moon sailing supremely over it
	layer_8: before foresaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance towards the sky and mathamoon sailing supremely over it
	layer_10: before forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mathamoon sailing supremely over it
	layer_12: before forsaking the shadow of the corpse he cast a glance toward the sky and mathamoon sailing supremely over it

file: 4153-61735-0007.flac
expected: the droll conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inebriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroller of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_2: the drai concet whichurs sr oft a news the nock donal i epriat of catd sitiese appeopto predus alike afac upone the night batlroler of the prary and ford a moment the shadob leat dakening hist bra disupped
	layer_4: the drowl conceiat which as sow oft eamus the nocdoneal ineriae of cat sities appio to preduse a like afect upon the night pa roler of the prary and for o morment the shadow lat tarkening hish braw disapiored
	layer_6: the drowl conceit which has so oft amuse the knocdernal inabriat of geate cities appere to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prari and fourr a moment the shadow lat tarkening his brow disappeared
	layer_8: the drol conceit which has so oft amused the nocturnal inabrit of great cities appear to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_10: the droll conceit which has so oftamused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared
	layer_12: the droll conceit which has so oftamused the nocturnal inabriate of great cities appeared to produce a like affect upon the night patroler of the prairie and for a moment the shadow late darkening his brow disappeared

file: 4153-61735-0008.flac
expected: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the owner of a bad conscience who can't sleep
	layer_2: its notlacly at this a unth lessid be the ornor of a bag contionto consle
	layer_4: it not licly at this are anlessat be the ornur of abag constieneto consleep
	layer_6: it not likely at this aure unless it be the orner of a bad conscience who cansleep
	layer_8: it not likely at this oure unless it be the honor of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_10: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the ownor of a bad conscience who can sleep
	layer_12: it's not likely at this hour unless it be the ownour of a bad conscience who can sleep

file: 4153-61735-0009.flac
expected: troth there's one such within those walls
	layer_2: crot thes on such with in thos waldt
	layer_4: crot thi's onecesuch with in those walts
	layer_6: crot there's one such within those walds
	layer_8: crot there's one such within those walls
	layer_10: crut there's one such within those walls
	layer_12: crut there's one such within those walls

file: 4153-61735-0010.flac
expected: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on the open ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myself to be compromised
	layer_2: if he be abrod thas a god cshans of his seeng me on beurpon drownd not that ishud ga e stro iv it woere on y migseevf to be con fro micetd
	layer_4: if he be abroad thae's a good shancs of his seeing me on vie open ground not thar i should gare a straw evit wur on e mise af to becon frommist
	layer_6: if he be abroad thare's a good shance of his seing me on vie open ground not that i should care astraw if it were onlymishave to be comfromised
	layer_8: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on be opene ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myce have to be compromised
	layer_10: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on bhe opene ground not that i should care a straw if it were only myalve to be compromised
	layer_12: if he be abroad there's a good chance of his seeing me on bhe opene ground not that i should care a straw if it were only my eale to be compromised

file: 4153-61735-0011.flac
expected: it's no use waiting upon the moon deuce take her
	layer_2: it's nol us wrating uon the morn dusta car
	layer_4: its now use waiting upon the morn dustaka
	layer_6: it's no use waiting upon the moon do stake er
	layer_8: it's no use waiting upon the moon deetaker
	layer_10: it's no use waiting upon the moon dewce takeer
	layer_12: it's no use waiting upon the moon dewce taker

file: 4153-61735-0012.flac
expected: it is true he had designs upon the hacienda but these did not contemplate either its cash plate or jewellery if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_2: it istr he had desins ofpone the hasy ander but thesedd not contobplat eleritscash flet orjurldly ifbe except the mor sprlesshias joila condend the misles of the mancion hrsef
	layer_4: it instroew he had desins upon the hasyender but thesedid not contiplate ether it scash flete o juelly if be eccept the mor sprasious julat contaend the mystlesse of the manciin hersef
	layer_6: it itruw he had desins upon the hasy ender but these did not contibplate either it scash lat or jewlry if we accept the mores s precious jewel at content the mistress of the manchi in herself
	layer_8: it is true he had designs upon the hassiender but these did not contemplate either its cash flat or jewelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_10: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewelry if we except the most precious jewel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself
	layer_12: it is true he had designs upon the hasienda but these did not contemplate either its cash flate or jewelry if we except the most precious jwel it contained the mistress of the mansion herself

file: 4153-185072-0000.flac
expected: he tarried at genishau a few days and came up to gardow where i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his stay
	layer_2: he talid ha gainisha of feudes and cae up the gadol whel i thendrhes ided he was aperr en'tly with out any bus mestefwets af port him but he swn became aquainted woutdh my sun tdomise with horm he hanterd for a long dime and mide his home with him at my hous rento camon and he can tonewtd his dey
	layer_4: he taried hat ganasr of few diys and came up the gardo wel ithend lesided he was apparently without any busmis tafots afport him but he son became acquainted with my sun tomis with whom he hunted for a lon time and mae his home with him at my house wentocame on and he continut his tay
	layer_6: he tarried at genasur a few dayrs and came up the gadow whele i then resided he was apparently without any busimiss tar ods apport him but he soon became acquainted with my san tomise with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house wenter came on and he continuet his day
	layer_8: he tarried at cenishar a few days and came up to gardo whelne i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomis with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_10: he tarried at kenishar a few days and came up to gado whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day
	layer_12: he tarried at kenishar a few days and came up to gardo whele i then resided he was apparently without any business that would support him but he soon became acquainted with my son thomas with whom he hunted for a long time and made his home with him at my house winter came on and he continued his day

file: 4153-185072-0001.flac
expected: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_2: the enraged hausebeen be nowiy that he should feee o blo if he wra tat the hear the rd of a peted insentirre ctod and wen down tr ev uter his cacted
	layer_4: the en draged hus been well lnowing that he should feel obloow if he wated tho hear the oder rapeated insemcy recreten and went town tr everte his cattled
	layer_6: the en raged husban well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to heear the order repeatid instantly recreten and went down the reverto his catle
	layer_8: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly rereated and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_10: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreted and went down the river to his cattle
	layer_12: the enraged husband well knowing that he should feel a blow if he waited to hear the order repeated instantly retreted and went down the river to his cattle

file: 4153-185072-0002.flac
expected: we protected the poor nanticoke woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause promised a reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_2: weprotected the poen mantdi co woman and gae hervictuuse and alin sim pe tized wither in her miss potuns dis tring when her hus benh game to her of nole s his formaleraws and hat he had abus  her withoutecouse promisterd efomation and sheveaseved him with every mark ofvi inewwll of her offection
	layer_4: weprotecteth the poor  manti c ok woman and gave her vectuls and alinsympatised with her in her mis potunt tispring when her husben came to her ocnowlesh his formaleraers and that he had abused her without acouse pro mister eformation and chiereceived him with every mark o r rinewl of her offection
	layer_6: we protected the pooramanti ok woman and gave her victuals and allin sympatised with her in her misportunes tilspring when her husban came to her acknowleshed his formerears and that he had abused her without acause pro mister reformation and she received him with every mark ov renewal of her affection
	layer_8: we protected the poor amantic oakwoman and gave her victuals and allen sympatised with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowleged his former erros and that he had abused her without a cause promister reformation and she received him with every mark of renewal of her affection
	layer_10: we protected the poor an antic oakwoman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause pror mis er reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection
	layer_12: we protected the poor an antic oak woman and gave her victuals and allen sympathized with her in her misfortunes till spring when her husband came to her acknowledged his former errors and that he had abused her without a cause pror mis er reformation and she received him with every mark of a renewal of her affection

file: 4153-185072-0003.flac
expected: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wampum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardently wished for
	layer_2: the indiense wae suwan anserd by the amaricen offiser that the wankpom was scadeo the axetid and that econtinuincs of pese was ardencyrishd for
	layer_4: the indiancs was son answerd by the american of hicar that he wanquom was scoaurdyu te accepted and that a countinuants of peace was arden cy wishd for
	layer_6: the indiance was soon answered by the american officer that the wan um wos scorduly accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished four
	layer_8: the indians wase soon answered by the american officer that the womwom was scordily accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_10: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wompum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace was ardency wished for
	layer_12: the indians were soon answered by the american officer that the wompum was cordially accepted and that a continuance of peace wase ardency wished for

file: 4153-185072-0004.flac
expected: my son thomas went with them with allen's horse and carried the goods
	layer_2: my son dormis went with them with ilin's hors and ckarry the good
	layer_4: my sundomis went with them with alen's horse and carri the good
	layer_6: my santomis went with them with aslan's horse and carried the good
	layer_8: my san tomis went with them with iland's horse and carri the good
	layer_10: my san thomas went with them with island's horse and carried the good
	layer_12: my san thomas went with them with ilan's horse and carried the good

file: 4153-185072-0005.flac
expected: allen on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon notified at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_2: asl in un finding mat his enames ad gon cam back te my house here he lived as behfor but off hisre done theye wears son no to file ni agrar and netes whomayd rshila amsy with is mo bat ty of ingians came man to tik him
	layer_4: asl in on finding that his anemise ad gone cime back to my house where he lived as before but off is dri turne they was sol knoto fiee ny agra and netils who maried reselaramse with his mol party of indians came ont to tacke him
	layer_6: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his returne they weare soon no to fyt at niagra and nettls who married riscelaramsa with he small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_8: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they wes soon no to fight at niagra and nettls who married ricella ramsay with he small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_10: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon no to fight at niagara and nettles who married priscilla ramsay with a small party of indians came on to take him
	layer_12: alin on finding that his enemies had gone came back to my house where he lived as before but of his return they were soon no to fight at niagara and nettles who married priscella ramsey with a small party of indians came on to take him

file: 4153-185072-0006.flac
expected: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and allen all in tatters came in
	layer_2: netuls ac length abandin the chese rent hom and adlin ollintaters camen
	layer_4: nettls at length abanden the chase went hom and alin allin tators camein
	layer_6: nettles at length abandon the chase went home and alin all en thaters came in
	layer_8: nettles at length abandoned the chase went home and alen all in datas came in
	layer_10: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and alyn all in dattas came in
	layer_12: nettles at length abandoned the chaise went home and alyn all in dattas came in

file: 4153-185072-0007.flac
expected: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_2: bya aning n the woad his clore thing had becomep torn indelags to lat he wash in asaffeling condition ot was naketd
	layer_4: by raning in the wod his clowthing had become torn interags to that he wash an a sufring condition o was nak ed
	layer_6: by runding in the woods his clothing had become ton into rags so that he was in a suffering condition ar was nakeed
	layer_8: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_10: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into wags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked
	layer_12: by running in the woods his clothing had become torn into rags so that he was in a suffering condition almost naked

file: 4153-185072-0008.flac
expected: allen made his trowsers himself and then built a raft on which he went down the river to his own place at mount morris
	layer_2: a len made his trouses himsifh and then but alaft on which he wet nown dererver to his on fleas atg mon mordics
	layer_4: alen made his trousos himself and hen bil alaght on which he wet dow the river to his on pleace at mornt morris
	layer_6: alen made his trousos himself and then bil alaught on which he went dow the river to his own place at mount morice
	layer_8: alan made his trouses himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount moris
	layer_10: allan made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris
	layer_12: allen made his trousers himself and then built a laught on which he went down the river to his own place at mount mauris

file: 4153-185072-0009.flac
expected: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beard's town where he found his squaw
	layer_2: there and indin ghive himsome rsesshment and  gould gon with which he hase ind on to littld beardstown bey he found his cour
	layer_4: there and indin gave him some eresesshment and a good gun with which he hastd ind on to little be ard stown ber he found his cor
	layer_6: there and ingian gave him some refeshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beardstown where he found his cor
	layer_8: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his co
	layer_10: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his corw
	layer_12: there an indian gave him some refreshment and a good gun with which he hastened on to little beards down where he found his cor

file: 4153-185072-0010.flac
expected: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gardow
	layer_2: not dearling to lis comser fhrt tat plyes fuor fr of bein given u hemete her but a shart visi and cam inmediaty to gadal
	layer_4: not daring to lis omselfat that ples for fire of bein given up he made her but ashot visit and came immediately to guardo
	layer_6: not dareing to ris himself at that please for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado
	layer_8: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado
	layer_10: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado
	layer_12: not daring to risk himself at that place for fear of being given up he made her but a short visit and came immediately to gado

file: 4153-185072-0011.flac
expected: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his former castle of safety
	layer_2: the love ofe le body however addi to his naturals friffness gave hims uficienstrenct to mahus ask to his forml carsil of safty
	layer_4: the love o leboty however aded to his natuals fifness gave himsufficien s trenct to mak hes as cap to his formal casl of safty
	layer_6: the love of liboty however added to his natural's fifness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal caszle of safety
	layer_8: the love of liborty however added to his naturals swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formel casil of safety
	layer_10: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formel casile of safety
	layer_12: the love of liberty however added to his natural swiftness gave him sufficient strength to make his escape to his formal casile of safety

file: 4153-185072-0012.flac
expected: his pursuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_2: his puse ou as came inmeditly t my house wht le expected to have sound him secreted and ondhe my ferdection
	layer_4: his busouas came immeditely to my house whert tly expected to have found him secreted and under my fratection
	layer_6: his bossueers came immediately to my house where at they expected to have found him secreted and under my fratection
	layer_8: his posuers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_10: his poseers came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection
	layer_12: his posuwars came immediately to my house where they expected to have found him secreted and under my protection

file: 4153-185072-0013.flac
expected: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to myself i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_2: stoi lan sathe fied and d outing myve wir acity the aviset my ind in brother do yus his infoeence too drof from me the se could of his conseument which they had mi diar that i cinsidhout of greadim patncs nort only to him but to myses i pe sis te d in mygniins of hisituation and fin inlesy alef me
	layer_4: stilansates fid and outing my racity the advied my indian brother to us his infuence to drow from me the se could of his concelment which they hadnideathat i consedurt of great impartoncs nor only to him but to mysess i pers sisted in my agnerence of hisituation and finileasy aleft me
	layer_6: still ansatisfied and doubting my veracity they adviced my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secedt of his concelement which they had anidear that i caonsidout of greatimportance not only to him but to mycess i persisted in my agnorance of his situation and finyllyse a left me
	layer_8: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i consideret of great importance not only to him but to my cels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally the left me
	layer_10: still unsatisfied and doubting my veracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my ces i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me
	layer_12: still unsatisfied and doubting my voracity they advised my indian brother to use his influence to draw from me the secret of his concealment which they had an idea that i considered of great importance not only to him but to my cels i persisted in my ignorance of his situation and finally they left me

file: 4153-185072-0014.flac
expected: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearing that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_2: he cempeto my hous in the night and a workeme with the greeatest cotion fhering that som of his enemes migdt be waching to theace him a at dime when an d in o plase war itf ol be im wasiblfor him tomake his as cap
	layer_4: he came to my house and the night and a wak me with he greatestcation feearling that some of his enemiees might be watching to theack him at e time wen and in opplace ware it would be impasible for him to make hes as cap
	layer_6: he came to my house in the night and awak me with tha greatest caution feaerling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_8: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution feerling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_10: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape
	layer_12: he came to my house in the night and awoke me with the greatest caution fearling that some of his enemies might be watching to take him at a time when and in a place where it would be impossible for him to make his escape

file: 4153-185072-0015.flac
expected: at that time allen lay in a secret place in the gulph a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_2: at that dime ilin la in a secreit plase in the goe a shakdistanc above my slat in a whod thast he ax taidently found in the rok ne otheirever
	layer_4: at that time alent lay in a secree place in the gulse a short tistance above my flat in a whole nhat he acidently found in the rok neaothe revar
	layer_6: at that time aslanlay in a secret place in the guls a short distance above my flats in a whole that he accidently found in the rok near the river
	layer_8: at that time iland lay in a secret place in he gulf a short distance above my flats in a whole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_10: at that time island lay in a secret place in a gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river
	layer_12: at that time island lay in a secret place in a gulf a short distance above my flats in a hole that he accidentally found in the rock near the river

file: 1701-141760-0000.flac
expected: the pavlograds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to olmutz to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant there with girls as waitresses
	layer_2: the poe lofh grods hell fest after fest sellipreting a warse they had recei for the campen and mad exprdisiens tor al mots tdivrs o aserthand core li to hungariaon who herd recently open areston dere with grveses witurocies
	layer_4: the povlove grads helt feaset after feast selebrating a wards they had receive for the compain and made exporditions to all mots divica assertiand caro ligne tha hungerian who hard recently open ares jont deare with girles as weittrecies
	layer_6: the povlov grads held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots divisar a certan caroline te hungerian who had recently open a restonder with girls as waterssies
	layer_8: the povlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all moots dto visset a certain carolin the hungarian who had recently open a resturon der with girls as watresses
	layer_10: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots to visit a certain caroline te hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant deer with girls ad watresses
	layer_12: the pavlov gruds held feast after feast celebrating awards they had received for the campaign and made expeditions to all mots to visit a certain caroline the hungarian who had recently opened a restaurant der with girls ad watresses

file: 1701-141760-0001.flac
expected: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip parading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_2: the garsit met ther hol marcs as iff on oplajutrip perrading they lainliness and disiplen
	layer_4: the garsed mede there whole marcs as if on a pleasure trip pereading thei clainlyness and dicipplan
	layer_6: the guards had med their whole marh as if on a pleasure trip perading their clainliness and dicipline
	layer_8: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip periding their clainliness and discipline
	layer_10: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perading their cleanliness and discipline
	layer_12: the guards had made their whole march as if on a pleasure trip perading their cleanliness and discipline

file: 1701-141760-0002.flac
expected: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands playing and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the way in step a practice on which the guards prided themselves the officers on foot and at their proper posts
	layer_2: the retim ansat antuld and lefte tode with theire ban's plei and by the granj xs ordurse de men had martched al the we in stap a pract is on wise the gars prided themselese the officrs on futs and ot their properpose
	layer_4: the redgimt s hat entood and left te tone with their ban's pleaying and by the granjuks orders demen had marced all the wee in step appractis on which the guars praded themselves the officers on fooits and t their proper porse
	layer_6: the regiments had entered and left ta tone with their bands pleaing and by the granjuke's orders themen had marched all the we in step a practics on which the guars praided themselves the officers on foot and at their properd porse
	layer_8: the regiments had entered and left ta towne with their bands pleaying and by the grandduke's orders the men had marched all the weet in step a practice on which the guards pray dd themselves the officers on foot and at their proper porsts
	layer_10: the regiments had entered and left he towne with their bands pleaying and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wheat in step a practice on which the guards pradied themselves the officers on fot and at their proper purse
	layer_12: the regiments had entered and left the town with their bands pleaying and by the grand duke's orders the men had marched all the wheat in step a practice on which the guards praydied themselves the officers on foot and at their proper purse

file: 1701-141760-0003.flac
expected: boris had been quartered and had marched all the way with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_2: bore sadtbein corserts a had marshet all the wa with bar ho was ority incommand of a company
	layer_4: bora shaid been quarcerds and had marched all the we with burk h was oready incommand of a company
	layer_6: borus had been quarteards and had marched all the wee with burgk who was already incommind of a company
	layer_8: boras had been quarterds and had marched all the we with berg who was already in command of a company
	layer_10: borus had been quarterd and had marched all the way with bergh who was already in command of a company
	layer_12: borus had been quarterd and had marched all the way with berge who was already in command of a company

file: 1701-141760-0004.flac
expected: boris during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquainted with prince andrew bolkonski through whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief's staff
	layer_2: bor ows jour in tho campan had maty aquintense of mary parsons who mig prof euseul to him and by aeleto af recumindation he had bro frompear had becomeequeenty with prince andre bol consky though whom he hoked to of teen upost on the commandran chie stuf
	layer_4: boros during the campein had medy acquintincs of many persons who might proveuseful to him and by alestor af recumendation he had brought rom per had become aquenty with prince andrew bol consky though whom he hoped to obten a porsd on the commandran chief stuff
	layer_6: boras during the campain had mid th acquintance of many parsons who might proveuseful to him and by a letter of recomendation he had brought from piiere had become a quinty with prince andrew boll conski though whom he hoped to obten a postd on the commandrand chief staff
	layer_8: bores during the campaign had made the acquintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew balkonsky though whom he hoped to obtain appost on the commandran chief staff
	layer_10: boros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commandr in chief staff
	layer_12: boros during the campaign had made the acquaintance of many persons who might prove useful to him and by a letter of recommendation he had brought from pierre had become acquinted with prince andrew bolkonski though whom he hoped to obtain a post on the commander in chief staff

file: 1701-141760-0005.flac
expected: berg and boris having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them playing chess
	layer_2: bark and baras haing rested aftr yes thes march were siting clen and neadly drest at ar rowin teaple in the clen quoarters a lotied to them plain ches
	layer_4: burk and bores hadding rested after yesed his march were siting clean and nedly dresst at a rownedteble in the clen quarters a loted to them plainches
	layer_6: berg and borus having rested after yestetdies march were sitting clean and needly dressed at a round teble in the clean quarters a lotted to them plain chess
	layer_8: berg and boras having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neadly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chess
	layer_10: burg and borrus having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters alotted to them plain chess
	layer_12: burg and borres having rested after yesterday's march were sitting clean and neatly dressed at a round table in the clean quarters allotted to them plain chess

file: 1701-141760-0006.flac
expected: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_2: well how r you gwen togisas of thats heu remart
	layer_4: well how ar you gent togitsert of thats he remart
	layer_6: well how are you going to get ut of thats he remarked
	layer_8: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_10: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked
	layer_12: well how are you going to get out of that he remarked

file: 1701-141760-0007.flac
expected: at that moment the door opened
	layer_2: at that momen te dor opent
	layer_4: at that momenthe door opent
	layer_6: at that momant the door opened
	layer_8: at that moment the door opened
	layer_10: at that moment the door opened
	layer_12: at that moment the door opened

file: 1701-141760-0008.flac
expected: dear me how you have changed
	layer_2: deyare me hi you hav cheanged
	layer_4: dear me haw you have changed
	layer_6: dear me how you have changed
	layer_8: dear me how you have changed
	layer_10: dear me how you have changed
	layer_12: dear me how you have changed

file: 1701-141760-0009.flac
expected: he was about to embrace his friend but nicholas avoided him
	layer_2: he wsabouto inbrae his friends but necles avoided hem
	layer_4: he was habot to enbrase his friends but neicleas avoided herm
	layer_6: he was about to embraze his friends but nickhlers avoided hem
	layer_8: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided hem
	layer_10: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him
	layer_12: he was about to embrace his friends but nicholas avoided him

file: 1701-141760-0010.flac
expected: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_2: hoe want i apenshim push hom do anithing but kissom a thing everbory did
	layer_4: he want i openseh him push him do anyrthing but kinshim a thing  everybody did
	layer_6: he wante to pench him push him do anything but kis him a thingi everybody did
	layer_8: he wante to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_10: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did
	layer_12: he wanted to pinch him push him do anything but kiss him a thing everybody did

file: 1701-141760-0011.flac
expected: but notwithstanding this boris embraced him in a quiet friendly way and kissed him three times
	layer_2: but not wastandi ne sporas im brased om an a quit frenly wa and kist him threetimes
	layer_4: but not wastanding ner sporas in braced hom an a quiet friendly we ind kissed him three times
	layer_6: but notwith standing ne sporus embraced him and a quiet friendly wee and kissed him three times
	layer_8: but notwithstanding ne sborus embraced him and a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_10: but notwithstanding this borrus embraced him an a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times
	layer_12: but notwithstanding this borrus embraced him an a quiet friendly we and kissed him three times

file: 1701-141760-0012.flac
expected: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men take their first steps on life's road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_2: they had not maut forneaeyn half r yar and bing ort the age ween young mentit ai furstaps on late road etc sow imang chenges an the other quit n deu reflation of the society ind whers the had takon os for staeps
	layer_4: they had not met for nealyng half a year and bing at the age when young mentite ha fir steps and lafse rod each saw immen changes an the other quite a new reflaction of the society in wherch they had taken nos for steps
	layer_6: they had not mete for nearly half a year and being at the age when young man tet tei first steps and life rud each saw imensed changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those forse steps
	layer_8: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tek teir first steps and lifes roads each saw immen changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_10: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tet their first steps and lifes road each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps
	layer_12: they had not met for nearly half a year and being at the age when young men tet their first steps and life' roads each saw immense changes in the other quite a new reflection of the society in which they had taken those first steps

file: 1701-141760-0013.flac
expected: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_2: i did not expau tody he at ies
	layer_4: a did not expau tody he addet
	layer_6: i did not expeue to dy he added
	layer_8: i did not expetyu to de he added
	layer_10: i did not expect you today he added
	layer_12: i did not expect you today he added

file: 1701-141760-0014.flac
expected: you know of course that his imperial highness rode with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_2: you no of coursat his implial hignuss rod withoi retimen al the time so that we ad every comfort t an every advantege
	layer_4: yi know of course at his imperlia higness rod with our regimen all the time so that we had every confort an every advantage
	layer_6: eknow of course at his impelia highness rud with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort an every advantage
	layer_8: yeu know of course that his imperial highness road with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_10: you know of course that his imperial highness rured with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage
	layer_12: you know of course that his imperial highness rued with our regiment all the time so that we had every comfort and every advantage

file: 1701-141760-0015.flac
expected: what receptions we had in poland
	layer_2: what resetions we had in poles
	layer_4: what receptions we had impulens
	layer_6: what receptions we had imporlancs
	layer_8: what receptions we had in poulans
	layer_10: what receptions we had in pallands
	layer_12: what receptions we had in pollands

file: 1701-141760-0016.flac
expected: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_2: what diners nd balls i can't tel you
	layer_4: what dinnersand bals i con't tel you
	layer_6: what dinners and bawls i can't tell you
	layer_8: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_10: what dinners and balls i can't tell you
	layer_12: what dinners and balls i can't tell you

file: 1701-141760-0017.flac
expected: oh you guards said rostov i say send for some wine
	layer_2: o you gar said roustoff i sa sepa some whiymn
	layer_4: or you gar said rostoff i say seva some wine
	layer_6: ar you guar said rostofv i say sever some wine
	layer_8: oh you gard said rostov i say sever some wine
	layer_10: oh you gard said rostov i say seversome wine
	layer_12: oh you gard said rostov i say sever some wine

file: 1701-141760-0018.flac
expected: he went to his bed drew a purse from under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_2: he wen t who his bed drewhaparsomemon to the clen pellow and sent for whin
	layer_4: he went wo his bed drew a pars onder the cleamn pillow and sent for wine
	layer_6: he went to his bed drew a pars onme under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_8: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_10: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine
	layer_12: he went to his bed drew a parsom under the clean pillow and sent for wine

file: 1701-141760-0019.flac
expected: yes and i have some money and a letter to give you he added
	layer_2: ye sin i have some monei on alescers togif ou he addiets
	layer_4: yes sind i have some money in olecters to givf you he adieds
	layer_6: yes and i have some money and a letters to give you he addeds
	layer_8: yes and i have some money in e letters to give you he added
	layer_10: yes and i have some money in a letters to give you he added
	layer_12: yes and i have some money in e letters to give you he added

file: 1701-141760-0020.flac
expected: oh don't mention it count i quite understand said berg getting up and speaking in a muffled and guttural voice
	layer_2: adon't mantioun at count a quate hund de stonsaid bork getting up in speaki in a mufoled in gotera l vicse
	layer_4: oll don't mention at cont a quate und de ston said bok getting up in speaking and a muffoled and goter o vice
	layer_6: i'l don't mention ate cont i quaite hunderstand said borge getting up and speaking in a muffled and gotteral voice
	layer_8: o don't mention at cont i quite understand said borg getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutteral voice
	layer_10: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said berge getting up and speaking in a muffled and gutterl voice
	layer_12: oh don't mention at cont i quite understand said berge getting up and speaking in a muffled an gutterl voice

file: 1701-141760-0021.flac
expected: go across to our hosts they invited you added boris
	layer_2: gor crostou our hose the invitegd you ied borse
	layer_4: gor cross to oure hose the invited you aded borus
	layer_6: gorcross tou our horse they invited you added borus
	layer_8: go  cross to our horse they invited you added boras
	layer_10: go across to our horse they invited you added borris
	layer_12: go across to our horse they invited you added boris

file: 1701-141760-0022.flac
expected: berg put on the cleanest of coats without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed the hair on his temples upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having assured himself from the way rostov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile
	layer_2: bark pet ondthe cleenust of couse withou ta spout or spak of dust stid before a lookin glas and brushe t her on his temples ut wors an the way affagchte by ther ampr alexinder and having insurd himself rom the wa roust of look tatts that his coted be notest leafte rimer the plas its smil
	layer_4: birk bit on the clenest of cours withou ha spot or speck of dust stid before a looking glass and brushed tho here on his temples upwards in the way affacted by the emper allexander and having insured himselfrom the way rost of looktat it that his courtad bee notest lefte room of the plasant smile
	layer_6: bergpet on the clenest of courtse witehout a spot or spek of dust stid before ou looking glass and brushe tho hear on his temples upwards in the way affected by the empero alexander and having ensured himself from the way rosst of lookdtatat that his cut had bee noticet left the room of the plasent smile
	layer_8: burgput on the cleanest of courts without a spot or spek of dust stoood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temple's upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost ov looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room ot a plasant smile
	layer_10: burg put on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temple's upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost of looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room ith a pleasant smile
	layer_12: burg put on the cleanest of courts without a spot or speck of dust stood before a looking glass and brushed to hear on his temple's upwards in the way affected by the emperor alexander and having insured himself from the way rost of looked at it that his coat had been noticed left the room with a pleasant smile

file: 1701-141760-0023.flac
expected: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostov as he read the letter why
	layer_2: o dear was a bese ti ir mutt ee rustofas eo red de laster why
	layer_4: o dear was a beas y ou muttae rostoff ace y read te leter why
	layer_6: oh dear was a beasti a muttered rost off as he read the lat er why
	layer_8: oh dear whats a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_10: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why
	layer_12: oh dear what a beast i am muttered rostof as he read the letter why

file: 1701-141760-0024.flac
expected: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right let's have some
	layer_2: well have you sant gaveraofor som wi arigt las hoave so
	layer_4: well have you sent gabri l for some whine al right lase have su
	layer_6: well have you seint geabriel for some whine all right lacs have sob
	layer_8: well have you sent gebriel for some wine all right lay'es have som
	layer_10: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right tey's have some
	layer_12: well have you sent gabriel for some wine all right they's have some

file: 1701-141760-0025.flac
expected: in the letter from his parents was enclosed a letter of recommendation to bagration which the old countess at anna mikhaylovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_2: and eleciiffro his parance was anclse the let of recumindetion to bugretion whirehs the ol contarsit anamecaolovfines advice had obteen thru an aquintencs and sento hr son a skce im tike to isdeastination and mek use of it
	layer_4: and helesiu from his parence was incloused the leto of recumendetion to bygretion whic  the ald contairs ad ana mecolovners advice had obtein through an acquintencs and sent to her son askiimdotik it to is destinition and mek use of it
	layer_6: ind he letter from his parents was enclused the letter of recomendetion to by greian which the old contersad anamicolovnar's advice had obtin throughan acquintance and sent to her son askiimd to tak it to its destinetion and meke use of it
	layer_8: in the letture from his parents was inclused a letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countes at anna mikolovna's advice had obtaine through an acquintance and sent to her son askinghim to take it to its destinition and meke use of it
	layer_10: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countess had anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it
	layer_12: in the letter from his parents was inclosed a letter of recommendation to bygrecian which the old countess ad anna mikalovna's advice had obtained through an acquaintance and sent to her son asking him to take it to its destination and make use of it

file: 1701-141760-0026.flac
expected: why have you thrown that away asked boris
	layer_2: wh if yo thro not away asparise
	layer_4: why ife you throw not away askedporese
	layer_6: why ave you throw nataway asked borus
	layer_8: why have yo throw nad away asked baris
	layer_10: why have ye throw tad away asked boras
	layer_12: why have ye throw thad away asked borus

file: 1701-141760-0027.flac
expected: it is some letter of recommendation what the devil do i want it for
	layer_2: it is some letser  reck menda shond what e devel to i ontiv for
	layer_4: it is some leterof reck mendy iond what tha devil tdo i want i for
	layer_6: it is some lettr of recmendy tiand what the devil do i want it four
	layer_8: it is some letter of recomendatiand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_10: it is some letter of recommendatiand what the devil do i want it for
	layer_12: it is some letter of recommendatiand what the devil do i want it for

file: 1701-141760-0028.flac
expected: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in vain to find the answer to some question
	layer_2: he lunket entently ani quienly ito his frends eyes evid ont y tryiind vene to find the an sito somquestion
	layer_4: he loked antently aninquiranly into his friends eyes evident ly trying in ven to fined the answer to some question
	layer_6: he looked intently uninquirangly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_8: he looked intently aninquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_10: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question
	layer_12: he looked intently and inquiringly into his friend's eyes evidently trying in ven to find the answer to some question

file: 1701-141760-0029.flac
expected: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed because i knew i was right
	layer_2: which you be leveit kts i was noter s hall ar larmd was i knew i was rigts
	layer_4: which you believe it cont i was not had tall ar larmed has i knew i wash riht
	layer_6: wild you believe at cont i was not at tall alarmed is i knew i was right
	layer_8: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_10: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right
	layer_12: would you believe it count i was not at all alarmed as i knew i was right

file: 1701-141760-0030.flac
expected: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_2: i cm far wart birksto d up and showld how he prosanted himself with his hand who his cap and really it would a ben difficult for a fas t express grato re spect and self complaconceye than hisded
	layer_4: i cm forwart birks tood up and shold how he presented himself with his hand twho his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face toy express greato respect and sef complacencsyy then hisdid
	layer_6: i came forwoard berk stood up and shuld how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to expresse greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_8: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would hav been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_10: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did
	layer_12: i came forward berg stood up and showed how he presented himself with his hand to his cap and really it would have been difficult for a face to express greater respect and self complacency than his did

file: 1701-141760-0031.flac
expected: well he stormed at me as the saying is stormed and stormed and stormed
	layer_2: well he stomdit me as he sag ars stond and stomd and stomd
	layer_4: well he stomed at me as o sing his stomed and stomed and stomed
	layer_6: well he stormed at me as the siing his starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_8: well he stormed at me as th sying is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_10: well he stormed at me as the siing is starmed and starmed and stormed
	layer_12: well he stormed at me as the sang is starmed and stormed and stormed

file: 1701-141760-0032.flac
expected: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the saying is
	layer_2: it wis not a mats of life but rat of death a e seges
	layer_4: it was not a mator of life but rahder of death as the seinges
	layer_6: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seinges
	layer_8: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seing is
	layer_10: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seng is
	layer_12: it was not a matter of life but rather of death as the seng is

file: 1701-141760-0033.flac
expected: albanians and devils and to siberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_2: i' badians and deveals an two si beariar said bark with ha sigatious smyl
	layer_4: i'll badians and devils and two si beeria said burk with a sugaious smile
	layer_6: albedians and devils and two siyberia said burg with a sagacious smile
	layer_8: albadians and devils and two ciberia said berg with a sagacious smile
	layer_10: albadians and devils and two siberia said berge with a sagacious smile
	layer_12: albadians and devils and two siberia said berge with a sagacious smile

file: 1701-141760-0034.flac
expected: still i remained silent and what do you think count
	layer_2: stil i remein slent at what  you think cit
	layer_4: still i remein silant a what o you think cout
	layer_6: still i remiane silent o what do you think coat
	layer_8: still thi remained silent  what doe you think cot
	layer_10: still they remained silent what do you think coat
	layer_12: still they remained silent  what do you think coate

file: 1701-141760-0035.flac
expected: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the day
	layer_2: the nekx tait was not yvin mentiond an the ardercs of sthodey
	layer_4: the nexta it was not evin mentiond in the ordirs of the dy
	layer_6: the next de it was not even mentiond ind the orders of the dee
	layer_8: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the da
	layer_10: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the d
	layer_12: the next day it was not even mentioned in the orders of the d

file: 1701-141760-0036.flac
expected: that's the way count said berg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_2: thats the way cout said bark ligting his pipe and imisting rings af smork
	layer_4: that's the wa cot said bark lighting his pipe and emitting rings af smolk
	layer_6: that's the wa count said burg ligting his pipe and emitting rings o smolk
	layer_8: that's the wa count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smok
	layer_10: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke
	layer_12: that's the way count said burg lighting his pipe and emitting rings of smoke

file: 1701-141760-0037.flac
expected: yes that was fine said rostov smiling
	layer_2: yars thigt was fins id rostof smily
	layer_4: yars thaht was fans and rostoff smiling
	layer_6: yes that was fines and rost offh smiling
	layer_8: yes that was fine said rostof smiling
	layer_10: yes that was fine said rosto smiling
	layer_12: yes that was fine said rostov smiling

file: 1701-141760-0038.flac
expected: rostov was a truthful young man and would on no account have told a deliberate lie
	layer_2: drust ut with a chesfal young mane and wu d o no ikcte have toaldte di liper at li
	layer_4: drosst o with a chrisfull young man and wid one know a ceut have toldte deliperate li
	layer_6: rossed op with a trustful young man and wi ow knew a caut have told the deliperate lie
	layer_8: rostof with a truchful young man and we d ow new a caut have told the deliberate lie
	layer_10: rostof with a truthful young man and we ow now a cat have told the deliberate lie
	layer_12: rostof with a truthful young man and we ow now a cat have told the deliberate lie

file: 1701-141760-0039.flac
expected: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehood
	layer_2: he begant his storat menin to tel ever thin juses at happent be impercetibly involan terly and inevirtibly he loptinte of fallsut
	layer_4: he began his storite meaning to tell ever thing just es at happened bet impercettibly inval unteraly and inevitably he lapstant o fallsuit
	layer_6: he began his storyt meaning to tell everything just as at happened but impercetibly involunterily and inevitably he lapsed into falsuit
	layer_8: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he elapsed into falsuit
	layer_10: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehouit
	layer_12: he began his story meaning to tell everything just as it happened but imperceptibly involuntarily and inevitably he lapsed into falsehouit

file: 1701-141760-0040.flac
expected: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed toward boris who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_2: prince andre whou lighto helpyoum men was flathee by be as for has ascistancs and been wel dhespos to wars borese who had manished to ple sem to deabefor he wish to do what young myn antet
	layer_4: prince andrew who light to help young men was flattee by beng aske for hes assistence and being well dispose towars borus who had manised to plea shem te d a before he wished to do whatt young man anted
	layer_6: prince andrew who light to help young men was flatted by being asked for his assistance and being well dispose towards borus who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_8: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_10: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards boras who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted
	layer_12: prince andrew who liked to help young men was flattered by being asked for his assistance and being well disposed towards bores who had managed to please him the day before he wished to do what the young man wanted

file: 1701-141760-0041.flac
expected: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tone in spite of the contempt with which rostov from his fighting army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the newcomer was evidently one rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_2: ispaht  prince andes dicucryabor i ronical ton i spat of the consae with whith roustoff from hs faihting arm pinte of yu regardied alleaselettle agetence on the stagf of hom the new com o was evidantly one rousto fel confused belushed and becahm silent
	layer_4: is spate o prince andres disegreeabore a ronical ton is spate of the contame with which rostoff from his fating army point of vew regarded alltheselittl agitance on destaff of hom the new come was evidently one rosst off fel confused belushed and became silent
	layer_6: i spate of prince andrws disagreeabore a ronical tun in spate of the content with which rosst off from his faiting army point of view regardied all these little agitancs on the starf of whom the new comer was evidently one rosst off felt confused bllushed and became silent
	layer_8: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable a ronical ton in spate of the content with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently won rosto felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_10: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable aronical ton in spite of the content with which rostov from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent
	layer_12: in spite of prince andrew's disagreeable ironical tun in spite of the contemt with which rostof from his fating army point of view regarded all these little adjutants on the staff of whom the new comer was evidently won rostov felt confused blushed and became silent

file: 1701-141760-0042.flac
expected: boris inquired what news there might be on the staff and what without indiscretion one might ask about our plans
	layer_2: bor sin quied what nese ter might be on de staf and wace withou indiscresion one may askaboytur plins
	layer_4: borus inquired what newse ther might be onderstaff and wat withouht indiscretion one mat askabotur plins
	layer_6: borus inquired what news there maght be understaff and wanc witehouht indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_8: boras inquired what news there might be under staff and wac without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_10: boras inquired what news there might be unde staff and what without indiscretion one may ask about our plans
	layer_12: bores inquired what news there might be undhe staff and wat without indiscretion one may ask about our plans

file: 1701-141760-0043.flac
expected: we shall probably advance replied bolkonski evidently reluctant to say more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_2: we shall cpromably ad vance replied bol cosky evidently relouctid to seem more in he presence of a stranger
	layer_4: we shall promably advancs replied bolcoskiye evidently reluct ed to see more and the presencs of a stranger
	layer_6: we shall promably advance replied bolkoski evidently relucted to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_8: we shall probably advance replied boukoski evidently relucted to seem more in the presenc of a stranger
	layer_10: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger
	layer_12: we shall probably advance replied bolkoski evidently reluctant to see more in the presence of a stranger

file: 1701-141760-0044.flac
expected: berg took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_2: bercdtatey oprcinitedto ask with grea polightness whoer the as was remerd the alov ins o foriage monee to captence of companiy s wu be dubleds
	layer_4: birctat the opportunite to ask with great polightness where ther as wash rumerd the elowincs of forige money to captence of companies whuh bedoubled
	layer_6: berke at the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of foriage money to captains of companies whoe be doubled
	layer_8: berke ot the opportunity to ask with great politeness wherther as was rumored the allowance of forage money to captains of companies woule be doubled
	layer_10: berk took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled
	layer_12: berk took the opportunity to ask with great politeness whether as was rumoured the allowance of forage money to captains of companies would be doubled

file: 1701-141760-0045.flac
expected: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aide de camp
	layer_2: i was s theare sad rostof an grea as if inteni to in sat the ei decop
	layer_4: i was thear said rost of angril as if intenig to in salt the i decap
	layer_6: i was ther said rostof angril as if intending to insult the aid the camp
	layer_8: i was there said rostov angril as if intending to insult the aid de cap
	layer_10: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid dthe cap
	layer_12: i was there said rostov angrily as if intending to insult the aid the camp

file: 1701-141760-0046.flac
expected: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes there are many stories now told about that affair
	layer_2: ithe slightly contentious smy ol he said yes that i many stories nogh tol thor at thatr fer
	layer_4: with a slinetly contemptous smiyan he said yes that i many storyes no toll he bat that tafear
	layer_6: with a slightly contemptus smile he said yes that i many story s no tall hebat that affear
	layer_8: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that i many storyis now talld about that affear
	layer_10: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that au many stories now tall about that affar
	layer_12: with a slightly contemptuous smile he said yes that o many stories now tall about that affair

file: 1701-141760-0047.flac
expected: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_2: but aur storis of the stois of man who ha pen un teo the enbis fire
	layer_4: but our storyies o the stoyies of men who have been unte the enemis fire
	layer_6: but our stories are the stories of men who have been undter the enemi's fire
	layer_8: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_10: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire
	layer_12: but our stories are the stories of men who have been under the enemy's fire

file: 1701-141760-0048.flac
expected: our stories have some weight not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_2: orstor is have som waits not likedthe stlories of thos feallows on the staf who get trewas wi thi doing nethi
	layer_4: ier stories halvf some weihts not like the s tlories of thougse fellows on the staff who get rewas without doing eneothin
	layer_6: ar stories halvf some weihts not like the sthories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_8: our stories have some weits not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewars without doing anything
	layer_10: our stories have some weghts not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything
	layer_12: our stories have some wehts not like the stories of those fellows on the staff who get rewards without doing anything

file: 1701-141760-0049.flac
expected: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man older than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_2: how ever he atedrisy you no my neame and wereto fin me be dogit foget tha i do not regard i th myself or you as having beenisall hin sulteeds and as a man ol tor than you my ad fvicees tillat the matr drop
	layer_4: however he aded rizi you know my name and weare to fin me bedoought forget that i donot regod either myself or you as having been a toll insaltid and as ta man all ther than you my advices tol it the mattor drop
	layer_6: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but dought forget that i do not regard ither myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man alther than you my advicees tolet the matter drop
	layer_8: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man olther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_10: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man olther than you my advice is to let the matter drop
	layer_12: however he added rising you know my name and where to find me but don't forget that i do not regard either myself or you as having been at all insulted and as a man olther than you my advice is to let the matter drop

file: 1701-141760-0050.flac
expected: exclaimed prince andrew and with a bow to them both he went out
	layer_2: exclame prince andre and was a boto them borfh he went out
	layer_4: excleime prince aundroe and was a bou to them both he went out
	layer_6: exclaim prince adrew and was about of them borth he went out
	layer_8: exclaimed prince andrew and was about of them borth he went out
	layer_10: exclaimed prince andrew and was about of them both he went out
	layer_12: exclaimed prince andrew and was about of them both he went out

file: 1701-141760-0051.flac
expected: and he was still more angry at having omitted to say it
	layer_2: a d he was stol more an gret having o mit e to seais
	layer_4: and he was stoll more angred having o mityd to sears
	layer_6: and he was stell more angrid having omitty to sers
	layer_8: and he was still more angry at having omitted to ses
	layer_10: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sas
	layer_12: and he was still more angry at having omitted to sars

file: 1701-141760-0052.flac
expected: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of boris rode home
	layer_2: he arded his hearse at os and coldly tekiunlyverborse rod hom
	layer_4: he orded his hearse at ons and caldly tikhin leave a boras rod home
	layer_6: he arded his harse at once and coldly taking leave a boars rod home
	layer_8: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leaveabares rode home
	layer_10: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave of bars rode home
	layer_12: he ordered his horse at once and coldly taking leave o bars rod home

file: 1701-141760-0053.flac
expected: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the way
	layer_2: shod he go s to had qars as nakty and chown higs ther a fatet autente ar realy let the matter drop wats the quression that woid him all the we
	layer_4: should he gou to head quartos nexte and challninge tha affated agitent aor realy let the matta drop wats the quesion that woid him all the we
	layer_6: should he go tho head quarters next ty and channged that affated agitant or really let the mater drop was the question that woide him all the wee
	layer_8: should he go to head quarters next da and challenge that affeted adgutant or really let the matter drop was the question that woied him all the wee
	layer_10: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the we
	layer_12: should he go to headquarters next day and challenge that affected adjutant or really let the matter drop was the question that worried him all the wey

file: 1701-141759-0000.flac
expected: it was long since the rostovs had news of nicholas
	layer_2: it was loms ince r rustu shaid nes of nicus
	layer_4: it was longs inceharosto s had news of nicluse
	layer_6: it was longsin he rostos had news of nickholuse
	layer_8: it was long sinceser rostos had news of nicholas
	layer_10: it was long since y rostofs had news of nicholas
	layer_12: it was long since y rostofs had news of nicholas

file: 1701-141759-0001.flac
expected: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_2: not sol mit wenter was the con tat lst handed o let a dreten his suns hand raty
	layer_4: not till mid winter was the cont at last handid aleter ad dresst an his suns hand ratyng
	layer_6: not tilmidwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed and his son's handwrating
	layer_8: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's hand writing
	layer_10: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting
	layer_12: not till midwinter was the count at last handed a letter addressed in his son's handwriting

file: 1701-141759-0002.flac
expected: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_2: on receeving ats he ranon tip t r to his study an alarm and hast trind to ouscep notes closte dooor and begainto red dilete
	layer_4: on receiving its he ran on tiptor to his study and a larm and haste trying to hesgaepe notus closed the door and began to redeleter
	layer_6: on receiving it he ran on tip tor to his study an alarm and haste trying to escape notis close the door and began to re delatter
	layer_8: on receiving it he ran on tipto to his study an alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to red the latter
	layer_10: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter
	layer_12: on receiving it he ran on tiptoe to his study in alarm and haste trying to escape notice closed the door and began to read the letter

file: 1701-141759-0003.flac
expected: each time that these hints began to make the countess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikhaylovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_2: eash tin tat thes hence begun to meat the tontes antius and sheu glast un easillhy at the ote and it ana mecolofno the laser very adroyitly turned de comnvercation to insicnifvicet maters
	layer_4: eash tine that these hense begun to mee the con taus anxious and she glansed uneasily at the cont and it ana me colloveno the lase very addroyietely turned dte conversetion to insigniicant matters
	layer_6: each time tat these hence began to meet the contes anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and ad ana micalohno the later very addroyedly turned te conversetion to insignificant matters
	layer_8: each time that these hents began to meet the countts anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at ana mikolovno the latter very adrodly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_10: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroytly turned the conversation to insignificant matters
	layer_12: each time that these hents began to meet the contess anxious and she glanced uneasily at the count and at anna mikalovna the latter very adroitly turned the conversation to insignificant matters

file: 1701-141759-0004.flac
expected: but for god's sake be careful you know how it may affect your mamma
	layer_2: but forgo't sa be cierefuor you kno herd me arffectyour mama
	layer_4: but for god say be karefolr you knw her t me affet your mamo
	layer_6: but forgod sa be karefur you know how at me afet your mamma
	layer_8: but forgod' say be careful you know hew at me affect your mamma
	layer_10: but for god's sae be careful you know her at may affech your mamma
	layer_12: but for god's sae be careful you know her at may affech your mamma

file: 1701-141759-0005.flac
expected: no on my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_2: no a my tooe wart of oner said the ta shr crousing herself i woat tell any one
	layer_4: no i my thoo ward of honer said the tashal crussing herself i want tell any one
	layer_6: no a my true word of honour said nhetasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_8: no a my true word of honour said natasha crossing herself i won't tell anyone
	layer_10: no a my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one
	layer_12: no a my true word of honor said natasha crossing herself i won't tell any one

file: 1701-141759-0006.flac
expected: and she ran off at once to sonya
	layer_2: ind she ran o it wonse thoe sonyur
	layer_4: and she ran off at once to sown yu
	layer_6: and she ran off at once to sonyu
	layer_8: and she ran off at once to sonyo
	layer_10: and she ran off at once to sonyo
	layer_12: and she ran off at once to sonyo

file: 1701-141759-0007.flac
expected: she rushed to sonya hugged her and began to cry
	layer_2: shearushed to sown yr houk d he and began to cry
	layer_4: she arushed ho sownyeu huked her and began to cry
	layer_6: she rushed to sonioa huked her and began to cry
	layer_8: she rushed to sonoa huked her and began to cry
	layer_10: she rushe to sonia hucked her and began to cry
	layer_12: she rushed to sonia hucked her and began to cry

file: 1701-141759-0008.flac
expected: it's true that all you women are crybabies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolute strides
	layer_2: is too the al you wimen o cryiba besia art petyur pisieng the rom ith lage reol et stridts
	layer_4: it's to the aoll you women a cry beby shoa mark petur picing the roomith larged resalet strids
	layer_6: it's tru the all you women are cry beby hamarked petie pessing the room ath large resulate strates
	layer_8: it's tru tha all you women are cry bbys remarked petya passing the room with large resolate straites
	layer_10: it's true that all you women are cry babies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolate straits
	layer_12: it's true that all you women are cry babies remarked petya pacing the room with large resolate straits

file: 1701-141759-0009.flac
expected: you are all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_2: your al bloberas an an distane nuti
	layer_4: youre all blobberis and andestan nothing
	layer_6: you're all blubberes and understand nothing
	layer_8: you're all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_10: you're all blubberers and understand nothing
	layer_12: you're all blubberers and understand nothing

file: 1701-141759-0010.flac
expected: natasha smiled through her tears
	layer_2: the tachious smyal throug herters
	layer_4: the tashes smile through her tears
	layer_6: netashes smile through her tears
	layer_8: natashes smiled through her tears
	layer_10: natashas smiled through her tears
	layer_12: natashas smiled through her tears

file: 1701-141759-0011.flac
expected: what nasty brutes they are
	layer_2: what naste brits the ar
	layer_4: what nast e brits the are
	layer_6: what nasty bruts thee ar
	layer_8: what nasty bruts thee are
	layer_10: what nasty brutes the are
	layer_12: what nasty brutes the are

file: 1701-141759-0012.flac
expected: hold your tongue petya what a goose you are
	layer_2: holdiyou tunpitte what a gi you are
	layer_4: hold your tumepitte what a gooe you are
	layer_6: hold you tome pito what a gosh you ar
	layer_8: hold your tongue pito what a gosh you are
	layer_10: hold your tongue pito what a goosh you are
	layer_12: hold your tongue pito what a goosh you are

file: 1701-141759-0013.flac
expected: sonya smiled do i remember nicholas
	layer_2: sonyou smiles to i remembere thy cluse
	layer_4: sonyou smils do i remembered tey cluss
	layer_6: sonya smileds do i remembered ey cluss
	layer_8: sonya smiled do i remember ne cluss
	layer_10: sonya smiled do i remember nicluss
	layer_12: sonya smiled do i remember nicluss

file: 1701-141759-0014.flac
expected: i remember nikolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_2: i da mam be nicolling to too irmembr him well she said
	layer_4: i damember nicolling to too i remember him well she said
	layer_6: i demember nicollengto twoo i remember him well she said
	layer_8: i remember nicholengta too i remember him well she said
	layer_10: i remember nicolenka too i remember him well she said
	layer_12: i remember nicolenta too i remember him well she said

file: 1701-141759-0015.flac
expected: no she shut her eyes
	layer_2: no she shut herres
	layer_4: no she shut her eyes
	layer_6: no she shut her eyes
	layer_8: no she shut her eyes
	layer_10: no she shut her eyes
	layer_12: no she shut her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0016.flac
expected: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there was such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_2: she fell that soun yore was spekin a truth that ther wors such love r sunor was speaking of
	layer_4: she felt that son yar wase speaking to truth that there wars such love a sonyar was speaking off
	layer_6: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there worse such love as sonya was speaking off
	layer_8: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there wers such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_10: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there wes such love as sonya was speaking of
	layer_12: she felt that sonya was speaking the truth that there wes such love as sonya was speaking of

file: 1701-141759-0017.flac
expected: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_2: she pelieaved it could be but did no un destand is
	layer_4: she believed at could be bet did no undestand its
	layer_6: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_8: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_10: she believed it could be but did not understand it
	layer_12: she believed it could be but did not understand it

file: 1701-141759-0018.flac
expected: shall you write to him she asked
	layer_2: sha you wraght to him she ast
	layer_4: sha you writ to him she asked
	layer_6: shal you writ to him she asked
	layer_8: shan you write to him she asked
	layer_10: shan you write to him she asked
	layer_12: shan you write to him she asked

file: 1701-141759-0019.flac
expected: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_2: ne that he was ol ready an officer and a woindid hero wu dit be rito remint him af ferself and asit might seem of the opligations to hou he had taken on himself
	layer_4: ne that he was already and officer and i winded hero would it be rit to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the opligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_6: new that he was already an officer and a woinded hero would it be rihte to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the opligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_8: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_10: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself
	layer_12: now that he was already an officer and a wounded hero would it be right to remind him of herself and as it might seem of the obligations to her he had taken on himself

file: 1701-141759-0020.flac
expected: i don't know
	layer_2: i tot kno
	layer_4: i do't kno
	layer_6: i don't know
	layer_8: i don't know
	layer_10: i don't know
	layer_12: i don't know

file: 1701-141759-0021.flac
expected: sonya smiled no
	layer_2: su yu smiles no
	layer_4: suou smils no
	layer_6: sa yu smiles ne
	layer_8: soyoa smiles no
	layer_10: sya smiles no
	layer_12: soya smiles no

file: 1701-141759-0022.flac
expected: it's because she was in love with that fat one in spectacles that was how petya described his namesake the new count bezukhov and now she's in love with that singer he meant natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_2: is becoue she was and lopewiththoaut fat on his spet tocals that was or pittuhurd descraed his ne msseke the new co bosucof an now shes an loewith thou sigur he mad natashoes ittalyin sem master tats whi shes a shand
	layer_4: is beclne she was an loe withoat fat one his speticles that was ho pitture discraed his nem stek the new cope bisucof and now she's an love without singer he mednatashes it thalin seegn master that'swie she's a shemned
	layer_6: its becaue she was in love with that fat one is spectacles that was tho piture descraed his nam sek the new cout bazukofh and now she's an love with thout singer he med natashes ittallioan singin master that' swhyt she's ashimed
	layer_8: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was hewr pitur descried his namestek the new cout bezukof and now she's in love with that singer he made natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_10: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was how piture described his name sek the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he made natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed
	layer_12: it's because she was in love with that fat one his spectacles that was how piture descried his name sek the new count bezukov and now she's in love with that singer he made natasha's italian singing master that's why she's ashamed

file: 1701-141759-0023.flac
expected: petya you're a stupid said natasha
	layer_2: pet yourc your a st iped said netatsa
	layer_4: pettyr your a sthuperd said netacshar
	layer_6: pitur you'rastupad said natacha
	layer_8: petur you're ae stupid said natasha
	layer_10: pitye you're stupid said natasha
	layer_12: pityo you're stupid said natasha

file: 1701-141759-0024.flac
expected: the countess had been prepared by anna mikhaylovna's hints at dinner
	layer_2: the cone tersait bee prepeared by anem e colovfes hease at dener
	layer_4: the cointer shad been prepeared by aneme coloveness hecs at denner
	layer_6: the contess had been prepeared by anemicalovenous hes at denner
	layer_8: the countess had been prepared by anami kalovna's hints at dinner
	layer_10: the countess had been prepared by ani mikalovna's hits at dinner
	layer_12: the countess had been prepared by ani mikalovna's hits at dinner

file: 1701-141759-0025.flac
expected: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armchair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuffbox while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_2: on retirring to her on room she satin an arm chre her eye saksdt oun imanit h arpporttrat over sun on the litd of a snouf boks whele the tear's kapt comi into her eys
	layer_4: on retiring to her orn room she sattin an armcheer her eye fixd on iminat ere portreat ofv her son on nelid of a snuff boxs while the tears kep coming into her eyes
	layer_6: on retiring to her own room she sat in an armcher her eyes fixed on a minuture portrit of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_8: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrat of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_10: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes
	layer_12: on retiring to her own room she sat in an arm chair her eyes fixed on a miniature portrait of her son on the lid of a snuff box while the tears kept coming into her eyes

file: 1701-141759-0026.flac
expected: the count put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_2: the cts prithis r tof the keho and lesend
	layer_4: the coat prut is ear to the kiy hole andlessend
	layer_6: the cut put his ear to the keyhale and listened
	layer_8: the coat put his ear to the keyhole and listened
	layer_10: the cot put his ear to the key hole and listened
	layer_12: the coat put his ear to the kuy hole and listened

file: 1701-141759-0027.flac
expected: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anna mikhaylovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_2: at fired ee heard to sond of indifferent vocies then an amy collovnes fvoce alon an a long speech then a cri then silans then both foce his together with glad intinations and thend fout steps
	layer_4: at fiarst he heard to soned of indifferent voices then anamy ca lovnes's voice alon an a long speech then a cry then silancs then both voice hies together with glad intenations and then foot steps
	layer_6: at first he heard ta sound of indifferent voices then anemicalovnar's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voices together with glad intinations and then foootsteps
	layer_8: at first he heard a sound of indifferent voices then anemikalovna's voice alon in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicesed together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_10: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anne mikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicesed together with glad intonations and then footsteps
	layer_12: at first he heard the sound of indifferent voices then anne mikalovna's voice alone in a long speech then a cry then silence then both voicesed together with glad intonations and then footsteps

file: 1701-141759-0028.flac
expected: anna mikhaylovna opened the door
	layer_2: an anmbe colovf na open the tdor
	layer_4: andim me colove no open the door
	layer_6: aninmicalovna opened the door
	layer_8: animikalovna opened the door
	layer_10: annimikalovna opened the door
	layer_12: anni mikalovna opened the door

file: 1701-141759-0029.flac
expected: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_2: went she heardde sounyo bloushed so that ers ciminto her eyes and un abilel to ber the louks turned epan her ranaway anto the dancin hal whor ol d rind is it fhi speed with har dress poft ortly cabilun and flushed and smily pluptd dine ondte flor
	layer_4: when she heardti sonyor blushed so that ters kime into her eyes and un able to bear the loks turned upoon her ran away into the dancing hal wherold rind it at fil speed with her drass poftoutly cabolon and flushed and smiling plumped dine ondthe floor
	layer_6: when she heard thi sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whorold round it at fil speed with her dreass paffed outly ca balloon and flushed and smiling plumped downe on the floor
	layer_8: when she heard thei sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the luks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress poffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_10: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the loks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor
	layer_12: when she heard this sonya blushed so that tears came into her eyes and unable to bear the looks turned upon her ran away into the dancing hall whirled round it at full speed with her dress puffed out like a balloon and flushed and smiling plumped down on the floor

file: 1701-141759-0030.flac
expected: the countess was crying
	layer_2: the cune ters was cryn
	layer_4: the contess was cry
	layer_6: the contess was crayg
	layer_8: the countess was cry
	layer_10: the countess was crying
	layer_12: the contess was crying

file: 1701-141759-0031.flac
expected: from all he says one should be glad and not cry
	layer_2: from a he say s onet shuld be glidand not cri
	layer_4: from a he say as one shoud be glad and not cry
	layer_6: from al he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_8: from all he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_10: from all he say as one should be glad and not cry
	layer_12: from all he say as one should be glad and not cry

file: 1701-141759-0032.flac
expected: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_2: how charminly he disgrib said she riding to di scrpptd of partorthe leter and wat a soul
	layer_4: how charmingly he descryb said she redding the discript ove part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_6: how charmingly he descrabe said she reading the descriptiv part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_8: how charmingly he described said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_10: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul
	layer_12: how charmingly he describes said she reading the descriptive part of the letter and what a soul

file: 1701-141759-0033.flac
expected: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_2: i al wes said when he was ony so hig i al was sait
	layer_4: i alwas said when he was only so high i allwas said
	layer_6: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_8: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_10: i always said when he was only so high i always said
	layer_12: i always said when he was only so high i always said

file: 8173-294714-0000.flac
expected: i have been told that mister van brandt is in prison for debt i said
	layer_2: i hav een toled that mister v embrant is in presen for det i said
	layer_4: i hase been told that mister vambrant is inpreson for det i said
	layer_6: i have been told that mister vambra is in presen for debt i said
	layer_8: i have been told that mister vanbran is in presen for debt i said
	layer_10: i have been told that mister van brand is in prison for debt i said
	layer_12: i have been told that mister van brand is in prison for debt i said

file: 8173-294714-0001.flac
expected: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_2: and i s formy self last nigt that he hd lef you hoplis
	layer_4: and i soaw fro yself last night that he had left you hopeles
	layer_6: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_8: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_10: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless
	layer_12: and i saw for myself last night that he had left you helpless

file: 8173-294714-0002.flac
expected: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_2: ce afh me he little mony he had with him wen he was arested she retoine saly
	layer_4: he tefd me the little money he had with him when he was arested she recoined sadly
	layer_6: ke lef me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_8: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_10: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly
	layer_12: he left me the little money he had with him when he was arrested she rejoined sadly

file: 8173-294714-0003.flac
expected: his cruel creditors are more to blame than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_2: his crl creteters an mord toblainedhed he is for t e coverty that his fal ean onus
	layer_4: his cruel creditors an more to blained an he is for the poverty that his fallen on us
	layer_6: his cruel creditors are more to blaned tan he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_8: his cruel creditors are more to blan than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_10: his cruel creditors are more to blan than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us
	layer_12: his cruel creditors are more to blan than he is for the poverty that has fallen on us

file: 8173-294714-0004.flac
expected: even this negative defense of van brandt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_2: even this negedent tofiencse of then brat stonemy to the quik i ought to have sboken wore guartesly of him my saidt beterly
	layer_4: even this neggodent to fence of tan brapt stung me to the quick i oughtto have spoken more guardedly of him my said bitterly
	layer_6: even this negetant defence a van bramnpet stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_8: even this negadent defence of an brampt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_10: even this negadant defence of an bramt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly
	layer_12: even this negadant defence of an bramt stung me to the quick i ought to have spoken more guardedly of him i said bitterly

file: 8173-294714-0005.flac
expected: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can inflict on her when he is the man whom she loves
	layer_2: i oxto have er memberd that a woman cen forghaov almol st any rongd than a man con in sift un her when hers a man whom she les
	layer_4: i outo have hremembered that ae woman kin forgve almost any rong thand a man can in sift on her when hers tand man whom she loves
	layer_6: i ought to have remembered that ar woman kin forgave almost any wrong than a man can in slift on her when he is ta man whom she loves
	layer_8: i ought to have remembered that a woman kan forgive almost any wrong than a man can enslift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_10: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can ensift on her when he is a man whom she loves
	layer_12: i ought to have remembered that a woman can forgive almost any wrong that a man can ensift on her when he is a man whom she loves

file: 8173-294714-0006.flac
expected: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_2: sheplut her hand o my m eutfh and stoptme tefor i could saany moare
	layer_4: shepet her hand o my mouth and stopp me before i could say any more
	layer_6: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_8: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_10: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more
	layer_12: she put her hand on my mouth and stopped me before i could say any more

file: 8173-294714-0007.flac
expected: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_2: haking s bek so crulasome she ast
	layer_4: haking yusebeaks o crula so me she asked
	layer_6: how can you speak so cruly to me she asked
	layer_8: how can you speak so cruely to me she asked
	layer_10: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked
	layer_12: how can you speak so cruelly to me she asked

file: 8173-294714-0008.flac
expected: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart in secret is all yours
	layer_2: you know to my shame i confestit you the last teme wy met you kno thi my heart in secrit is allgors
	layer_4: you know to my shame i confest it you the last homelwe met you know that my heart an secret is all yors
	layer_6: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart ind secret is all yours
	layer_8: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_10: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours
	layer_12: you know to my shame i confessed it to you the last time we met you know that my heart and secret is all yours

file: 8173-294714-0009.flac
expected: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_2: what brong a yu tanking o
	layer_4: what brong ar you talking ogh
	layer_6: what brong are you talking ough
	layer_8: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_10: what wrong are you talking of
	layer_12: what wrong are you talking of

file: 8173-294714-0010.flac
expected: is it the wrong i suffered when van brandt married me with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_2: is it the rong i suffered wenvan brat mard me with a wif living at the tin and living stil
	layer_4: is it the rong i suffered when van brant married meet with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_6: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married meet with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_8: is it the wrog i suffered when van brant married met with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_10: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married meat with a wife living at the time and living still
	layer_12: is it the wrong i suffered when van brant married mea with a wife living at the time and living still

file: 8173-294714-0011.flac
expected: do you think i can ever forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_2: do us think acunoveer forget the great nesorton of my life the missporthun that hus mad nme unwor the of you
	layer_4: do you think i canover forget the great nmess forton of my life the misfortune that has made me unwor thy of you
	layer_6: do you think i cannever forget the great misfortion of my life the misfortun that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_8: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_10: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you
	layer_12: do you think i can never forget the great misfortune of my life the misfortune that has made me unworthy of you

file: 8173-294714-0012.flac
expected: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little darling who is playing out there with her doll is my child
	layer_2: it his no fallt of mined god nows but it his notd the les tru that i am not mard and that the little jarling who was plaing ot there with her dal os my child
	layer_4: it is no fault of mind god knos but it is not the lesst true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her dall os my child
	layer_6: it is no fault of mind god knowse but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who was playing out there with her doll os my child
	layer_8: it is no fault of mind god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who wis playing out there with her doll ows my child
	layer_10: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her doll ows my child
	layer_12: it is no fault of mine god knows but it is not the less true that i am not married and that the little jarling who is playing out there with her doll ows my child

file: 8173-294714-0013.flac
expected: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_2: and you talk of my bein your wafe nowing that the chald ex seps means hr secon father i said
	layer_4: and you talk of my being your wife nowing that the chilld excepts me ans her sicond father i said
	layer_6: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child excepts me as her second father i said
	layer_8: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_10: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said
	layer_12: and you talk of my being your wife knowing that the child accepts me as her second father i said

file: 8173-294714-0014.flac
expected: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as the child pride she repeated
	layer_2: it would be bether and hapbyar for uas both if you hit as little prid as a chilt prid she repete
	layer_4: it would be better and hap yar for us both if you hat as little pried as a child pried she repeate
	layer_6: it would be better and hapier for us both if you hat as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_8: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_10: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated
	layer_12: it would be better and happier for us both if you had as little pride as a child pride she repeated

file: 8173-294714-0015.flac
expected: in such a position as mine
	layer_2: in such a position ats mie
	layer_4: in such a position as migte
	layer_6: in such a position as mit
	layer_8: in such a position as might
	layer_10: in such a position as might
	layer_12: in such a position as might

file: 8173-294714-0016.flac
expected: a helpless woman with a mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_2: a helplass womin with the mok uspen in prison for deat
	layer_4: e helpless woman with tha mak husben an prison for deat
	layer_6: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_8: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_10: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt
	layer_12: a helpless woman with the mock husband in prison for debt

file: 8173-294714-0017.flac
expected: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_2: and might to mary you form my fhed in shelther
	layer_4: int mig to marry you for my fod an shallt her
	layer_6: am mi to marry you for my foot and shelt her
	layer_8: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_10: am i to marry you for my food and shelter
	layer_12: am i to marry you for my food and shelter

file: 8173-294714-0018.flac
expected: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_2: and mit tomary you becue ster 's now loful ti that byi ance me to the father vf my child
	layer_4: and migh to mary you because thers kno lowfl ti that by ancsne to the father of my child
	layer_6: and i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that byance me to the father of my child
	layer_8: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that bins me to the father of my child
	layer_10: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child
	layer_12: am i to marry you because there is no lawful tie that binds me to the father of my child

file: 8173-294714-0019.flac
expected: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_2: bat is he is he his not for sakan me he is been forstaway
	layer_4: baut as he is he has not for saken me he has been force away
	layer_6: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_8: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_10: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away
	layer_12: bad as he is he has not forsaken me he has been forced away

file: 8173-294714-0020.flac
expected: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_2: myt onway friend is it possible that youth think e un grafull nough to consen to beyur wife
	layer_4: myt onwy frient is it possiple that you think me ungraful enough to consent to be yar wife
	layer_6: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_8: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_10: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife
	layer_12: my only friend is it possible that you think me ungrateful enough to consent to be your wife

file: 8173-294714-0021.flac
expected: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy your place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_2: the woman an my sitoation must be hartles indeed who could destrory uer place in he as timation of t e wrld in the regart of e frient
	layer_4: the woman id mi setuation must be heartless indeed who coud destroy her place ind the astimation of the world in the regard of you friends
	layer_6: the woman and my situation must be heartless indeed who coul destroy her place thin the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_8: the woman ind my situation must be heartless indeed who couldestroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_10: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends
	layer_12: the woman in my situation must be heartless indeed who could destroy her place in the estimation of the world and the regard of your friends

file: 8173-294714-0022.flac
expected: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_2: theug rechould ets createre thout woxsestreeds whichrink from trtting ou en tout way
	layer_4: the reced is creature that walksustreds whilch sfrink from triting you in that way
	layer_6: the wrechedece creature that walks e strees whulch shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_8: the wretchedest creature that walks te streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_10: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way
	layer_12: the wretchedest creature that walks the streets would shrink from treating you in that way

file: 8173-294714-0023.flac
expected: oh what are men made of
	layer_2: whatter men meat of
	layer_4: h what her men mad of
	layer_6: h what er men made of
	layer_8: oh what are men made of
	layer_10: oh what are men made of
	layer_12: oh what are men made of

file: 8173-294714-0024.flac
expected: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_2: home ca you hrow tangio speak of ic
	layer_4: how can you how tang you speak of it
	layer_6: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_8: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_10: how can you how can you speak of it
	layer_12: how can you how can you speak of it

file: 8173-294714-0025.flac
expected: i yielded and spoke of it no more
	layer_2: a youl ded and spoke if it no more
	layer_4: a yu'l did and spoke of it no more
	layer_6: a yiel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_8: i yiel did and spoke of it no more
	layer_10: i yelded and spoke of it no more
	layer_12: i yelded and spoke of it no more

file: 8173-294714-0026.flac
expected: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_2: every wore she uttered only incriese my ademiration of the noble creture whom i ve had loved and lost
	layer_4: every word she uttered only encreased my admiration of the novle creature whom ive had loved and lost
	layer_6: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the nobale creature whom iv had loved and lost
	layer_8: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_10: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost
	layer_12: every word she uttered only increased my admiration of the noble creature whom i had loved and lost

file: 8173-294714-0027.flac
expected: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless infatuation
	layer_2: biterly as i hateed te mand hm o parted us and loet  rdearly anoug to be even kapeble of phoping him for her sake hoelis invachuation
	layer_4: bitterly as i hated the man who aparted us i loved her dearly anough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_6: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_8: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_10: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation
	layer_12: bitterly as i hated the man who had parted us i loved her dearly enough to be even capable of helping him for her sake hopeless invatuation

file: 8173-294714-0028.flac
expected: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_2: a don't do nihet i don' exs cuse it hopless in bacuation you hav for given me i said
	layer_4: i don't tenih it i don't excuseit hopless in facuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_6: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatugation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_8: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_10: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said
	layer_12: i don't deny it i don't excuse it hopeless infatuation you have forgiven me i said

file: 8173-294714-0029.flac
expected: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_2: lat me deserof to be for givon
	layer_4: let me deser ovf to be forgiven
	layer_6: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_8: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_10: let me deserve to be forgiven
	layer_12: let me deserve to be forgiven

file: 8173-294714-0030.flac
expected: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_2: it as somthinto ber onthy friend
	layer_4: it as something to ber only friend
	layer_6: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_8: it is something to be our only friend
	layer_10: it is something to be your only friend
	layer_12: it is something to be your only friend

file: 8173-294714-0031.flac
expected: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_2: you must have plancse for thef hutur tll me unreserveedly how i can hele ou
	layer_4: you must have plaunce wor the huture tell me unreservidly how i can helpe yu
	layer_6: you must have plantsd foirh the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_8: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can helpe you
	layer_10: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you
	layer_12: you must have plans for the future tell me unreservedly how i can help you

file: 8173-294714-0032.flac
expected: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully help me back to health
	layer_2: compleed te good wor that you havde begon she answer gratfully heltd nme bactd to heaulf
	layer_4: compleep te good work that you hade tbegun she answere greatfully held me back to healtf
	layer_6: compled the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_8: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to helth
	layer_10: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to health
	layer_12: complete the good work that you have begun she answered gratefully held me back to helth

file: 8173-294714-0033.flac
expected: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_2: make me strogon o to suid mint to a docter's estimit of mychenc somffliving foer someyearsiet
	layer_4: make me strongen ough to submit to adoctor's estimet of my chenis of living for some yarsyet
	layer_6: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's esdimit of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_8: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_10: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet
	layer_12: make me strong enough to submit to a doctor's estimate of my chances of living for some years yet

file: 8173-294714-0034.flac
expected: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_2: a docter's astimat of your chancees ofvee living a repetec whattyumen
	layer_4: adoctor's as timate of your chances of living i repeted whant you mean
	layer_6: a doctor's astimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_8: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_10: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean
	layer_12: a doctor's estimate of your chances of living i repeated what do you mean

file: 8173-294714-0035.flac
expected: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brandt
	layer_2: i harvsly now had o tellou she said without s beking again of misterven brant
	layer_4: i heardly now had to tell you she said without sbeaking again of mister van brant
	layer_6: i hardly know hod to tell you she said without speaking again of mister vanbrant
	layer_8: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_10: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant
	layer_12: i hardly know how to tell you she said without speaking again of mister van brant

file: 8173-294714-0036.flac
expected: does speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_2: tespeking of him again min spekng of histat si ast
	layer_4: tispeaking of him again man speaking of his deadtsi ast
	layer_6: thispeaking of him again mean speaking of his dead si askd
	layer_8: te speaking of him again mean speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_10: to speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked
	layer_12: to speaking of him again means speaking of his debts i asked

file: 8173-294714-0037.flac
expected: why need you hesitate
	layer_2: wy me to haitat
	layer_4: why mea d yo hudetate
	layer_6: why mea do hed itate
	layer_8: why me o hesitate
	layer_10: why me you hesitate
	layer_12: why me you hesitate

file: 8173-294714-0038.flac
expected: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxieties
	layer_2: you know thet thereis nothing he wl not tyu to uelieve or ing siety
	layer_4: you know that there is nothing i will not do to aleave yoor in si ety
	layer_6: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your inciety
	layer_8: you know that there is nothing i will not do to believe your inxietye
	layer_10: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety
	layer_12: you know that there is nothing i will not do to relieve your anxiety

file: 8173-294714-0039.flac
expected: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_2: nogher laet be telyu the ptlant roe
	layer_4: nofer let me tell you te plain rou
	layer_6: never let me tell you a plain tru
	layer_8: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_10: never let me tell you the plain truth
	layer_12: never let me tell you the plain truth

file: 8173-294714-0040.flac
expected: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_2: ther aes a serius nmissusity fer his geting ut of prisen
	layer_4: there is aserious necsusscity for his getting out of prison
	layer_6: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_8: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_10: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison
	layer_12: there is a serious necessity for his getting out of prison

file: 8173-294714-0041.flac
expected: yes this is his position in two words a little while since he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_2: yes thisis his position intoo words a little wils sen she a taned en excel an offer of an poiman a brod throm ma rich relli tive ef his and heahd man all his arangemens to kcupt it
	layer_4: yes this is his piosition in two woreds a little while sens he atained in excelan offer of im ploymin abrod fhrom ar rich relloative of his and he had man all his arrangemens to eccept it
	layer_6: yes this is his positian in two words a little while sense he aptained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had maine all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_8: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employtment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_10: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it
	layer_12: yes this is his position in two words a little while sense he obtained an excellent offer of employment abroad from a rich relative of his and he had made all his arrangements to accept it

file: 8173-294714-0042.flac
expected: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for debt
	layer_2: iam happely he  oreturnto telm ti of is goiforcthon and isame day he was a rested fordet
	layer_4: anhappily he returne o tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arested for dept
	layer_6: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and a same day he was arrested for dept
	layer_8: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune and the same day he was arrested for det
	layer_10: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune an the same day he was arrested for debth
	layer_12: unhappily he returned to tell me of his good fortune an the same day he was arrested for deth

file: 8173-294714-0043.flac
expected: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_2: this nar that had been set for her wits plaingli revi ld in thos warewords
	layer_4: the snar i that had been set for her waits plainly revield in those fwarwords
	layer_6: the snarre that had been set for her wats plainly revealed in those fwarwaords
	layer_8: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those fwour words
	layer_10: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words
	layer_12: the snare that had been set for her was plainly revealed in those four words

file: 8173-294714-0044.flac
expected: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_2: in the ih of the low she was of courses a sengle woman she was af age she was to allantensand perpases her own mistres
	layer_4: in the eye of the law she was of course a sengle woman she was of age she was to all intens in purposes her own mistress
	layer_6: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intense in purposes her own mistress
	layer_8: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intentse and purposes her own mistress
	layer_10: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress
	layer_12: in the eye of the law she was of course a single woman she was of age she was to all intents and purposes her own mistress

file: 8173-294714-0045.flac
expected: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give van brandt a direct interest in her death
	layer_2: what was there todgrevant her f rom and curing hrlitff if she pleased and fromso di sposing of the in surns asty gade fam brat a to rect intsriust in her dath
	layer_4: what was there to revent her from in suring her lifef if she pleased and from so desposing of the insurncs as ti give famdbrat ad d rect interest in her death
	layer_6: what was there to grevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vampbrat a derect interest in her death
	layer_8: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambret a direct interest in her death
	layer_10: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vambrat a direct interest in her death
	layer_12: what was there to prevent her from insuring her life if she pleased and from so disposing of the insurance as to give vam bra a direct interest in her death

file: 8173-294714-0046.flac
expected: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_2: thinks to the happe axcid of myphosicion the one certan way a pretecting her ly easaly with he merrech
	layer_4: thinks to the happy accidet of myposition the one certain way a protecting her lay easonly with the mireach
	layer_6: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way a protecting her lay easinly with in my reach
	layer_8: thinks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_10: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach
	layer_12: thanks to the happy accident of my position the one certain way of protecting her lay easily within my reach

file: 8173-294714-0047.flac
expected: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was the man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_2: i could offor to len the stoundral tha mony that he wornted en an hours notics an h was amanto excepmi repose le quit hos easialyas i coud makit
	layer_4: i could offer to len the scondral the money that he wanted an an hours notice an he was aman to except mi reposall quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_6: i could offere to lend the scoundrl the money that he wanted at an hours notice and he was a man to eccept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_8: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_10: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it
	layer_12: i could offer to lend the scoundrel the money that he wanted at an hour's notice and he was a man to accept my proposal quite as easily as i could make it

file: 8173-294714-0048.flac
expected: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_2: you ar quit mastaken er replid
	layer_4: you are quite mas sdak en e replied
	layer_6: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_8: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_10: you are quite mistaken i replied
	layer_12: you are quite mistaken i replied

file: 8173-294714-0049.flac
expected: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brandt of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_2: i amoly dowbting wetheyor pline fher releaving nistherevan brant of his en barsmence is quites essimpliasie suppos
	layer_4: i am oly doubting whether yor plime for relieaving nister van brant of his embarasments is quitesesimpilasye suppose
	layer_6: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving nister van brant of his embarrassments is quite s he sympleas heu suppose
	layer_8: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_10: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose
	layer_12: i am only doubting whether your plan for relieving mister van brant of his embarrassments is quite so simple as you suppose

file: 8173-294714-0050.flac
expected: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_2: i you awaere of te dolas that ter likely to take place before ible ye possible t o bar monying a palloaee hofand curn
	layer_4: ir you aweare of the delays tat ar likely to take place before ible ye possible to barw money on a policy of en surance
	layer_6: are you aware of the delayz that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_8: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_10: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance
	layer_12: are you aware of the delays that are likely to take place before it will be possible to borrow money on your policy of insurance

file: 8173-294714-0051.flac
expected: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_2: i knon notthing about it she said saidly
	layer_4: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_6: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_8: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_10: i know nothing about it she said sadly
	layer_12: i know nothing about it she said sadly

file: 8173-294714-0052.flac
expected: will you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_2: wll you let me ast idvi se of mylors
	layer_4: wilh you let me asked idvice of my tloyrs
	layer_6: wil you let me asked advice of my lawyers
	layer_8: woild you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_10: would you let me ask the advice of my lawyers
	layer_12: wiuld you let me ask the advice of my lawyers

file: 8173-294714-0053.flac
expected: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_2: they are ctrusetwery aunexspeariansd men and i m sur the con beof hus tu
	layer_4: they are trust where thy anexperiencet men and i am sure they con be of use to you
	layer_6: they are trust wherthy unexperienced men and i am sure they can be of used to you
	layer_8: they are trustwerthy anexperienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_10: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you
	layer_12: they are trustworthy and experienced men and i am sure they can be of use to you

file: 8173-294714-0054.flac
expected: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_2: cosiously as i had xpest myself her deli case tiok the olarnm
	layer_4: cautiously as i had expessed myself her delica sy tiok the alarm
	layer_6: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_8: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_10: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm
	layer_12: cautiously as i had expressed myself her delicacy took the alarm

file: 8173-294714-0055.flac
expected: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brandt she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_2: promas sat you win' asktd nmey to baro money of ou fror misch rvem brance she rejoind and o il excup ou helpd grapully
	layer_4: peromis shat you won't asked me to barow money of hew for mister vem branc she rejoind and i will except your help grapully
	layer_6: promise that you won't asked me to borrow money of hyou for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will axcept your help gratefully
	layer_8: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister vanbrance she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_10: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brant she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully
	layer_12: promise that you won't ask me to borrow money of you for mister van brant she rejoined and i will accept your help gratefully

file: 8173-294714-0056.flac
expected: i could honestly promise that
	layer_2: i could onessly pommis thac
	layer_4: i could honesly pomi'se thactk
	layer_6: i could honestly promised that
	layer_8: i could honestly promise that
	layer_10: i could honestly promise that
	layer_12: i could honestly promise that

file: 8173-294714-0057.flac
expected: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge the course that i had now determined to pursue
	layer_2: my one chancs of saving herlay keeping from her nolge to courshe a had nowtp determan tiphr so
	layer_4: my onet chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowlege te course hea a had nowt determine to porsu
	layer_6: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to coursetha a had now determined to pursu
	layer_8: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to coarstha i had now determined to pursue
	layer_10: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsa i had now determined to pursue
	layer_12: my one chance of saving her lay in keeping from her knowledge to corsah i had now determined to pursue

file: 8173-294714-0058.flac
expected: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_2: i rose to go whio myr res olition stil sestaineto me
	layer_4: i rose to go while my reselution still sustaine t me
	layer_6: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_8: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_10: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me
	layer_12: i rose to go while my resolution still sustained me

file: 8173-294714-0059.flac
expected: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_2: kis mneshe wasprd whefo you go
	layer_4: kisst kne she was sperd before you go
	layer_6: kisse ny she whispered before you go
	layer_8: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_10: kiss me she whispered before you go
	layer_12: kiss me she whispered before you go

file: 8173-294714-0060.flac
expected: it is only your goodness that overpowers me
	layer_2: it is only er gouodnes se over powerus me
	layer_4: it as only her goodness at over powers me
	layer_6: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_8: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_10: it is only her goodness that overpowers me
	layer_12: it is only her goodness that overpowers me

file: 6267-53049-0000.flac
expected: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_2: its a sat teing for aobote tolack brains oen shye warnce tobe uteacr is ante
	layer_4: its a sat thing for abothy to lack brains when she wance to be ateature is unte
	layer_6: its a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to bee a teacher isn't it
	layer_8: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_10: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it
	layer_12: it's a sad thing for a body to lack brains when she wants to be a teacher isn't it

file: 6267-53049-0001.flac
expected: penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere thought the older sister wistfully
	layer_2: bhen a lo bhet has dodet  so har aorl winto at she has and gonme any ere shuld the alther sesto wist fur
	layer_4: pen alopy has tanith sou hard ar winter at she has ant goune anywere shald the allther sister wistfuly
	layer_6: wen alopi has tonied so hard or winter at she hasn't gone anywere thod the olther sister wistfully
	layer_8: when alope has studied so hard or winter at she hasn't gone anywhere tot the older sister wistfully
	layer_10: when alope has studied so hard oll winter that she hasn't gone anywhere thoght the older sister wistfully
	layer_12: when alope has studied so hard oll winter that she hasn't gone anywhere thou the older sister wistfully

file: 6267-53049-0002.flac
expected: doris dreamed of pretty dresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_2: doris tremed of preatetresses olthead night and tod abot tham al the nex day
	layer_4: tories reemed of preatitresses all at night and thought aboult them al the next day
	layer_6: doris dreamed of precit resces all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_8: doris dreamed of predidresses all that night and thoughd about them all the next day
	layer_10: doris dreamed of pretitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day
	layer_12: doris dreamed of pregitresses all that night and thought about them all the next day

file: 6267-53049-0003.flac
expected: so it must be confessed did penelope though she would not have admitted it for the world
	layer_2: so it mut becon fhas tit penilo be t she would not havled mitet at fore the ont
	layer_4: so it must be confhas did penelo be thoh she would not have at mightid ait for the wond
	layer_6: so it must be confest did penelopi thogh she would not have atmight id it for the want
	layer_8: so it must be confessed did penelopi though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_10: so it must be confessed did panelopi though she would not have admited it for the want
	layer_12: so it must be confessed did panelopi though she would not have admited it for the want

file: 6267-53049-0004.flac
expected: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_2: she mnu dat ten aopbe had startid olt to say a new dres
	layer_4: she knewthae venelopy had startit out to say anew dress
	layer_6: she knew that penelopi had started out to sa a new dress
	layer_8: she knew that penelopi had started out to say a new dress
	layer_10: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress
	layer_12: she knew that penelope had started out to say a new dress

file: 6267-53049-0005.flac
expected: doris hunter i believe it's an old quilt
	layer_2: douris hanter ia belive its an ald quend
	layer_4: thor is hanter i belive its and alt quild
	layer_6: doris hunter i believe its an aut quilld
	layer_8: dorys hunter i believe it's an ault quillt
	layer_10: doris hunter i believe it's an aut quilt
	layer_12: doris hunter i believe it's an at quilt

file: 6267-53049-0006.flac
expected: listen penelope my dear doris
	layer_2: i sonmepanalo thy my deor dois
	layer_4: lisemepanalo thy my dea dories
	layer_6: listen penalobthe my dear dories
	layer_8: listen penelote my dear dorries
	layer_10: listen panelovte my dear doris
	layer_12: listen panelovte my dear dorries

file: 6267-53049-0007.flac
expected: love to penelope and yourself
	layer_2: lovfe to penin o and your sen
	layer_4: love to panin op and your self
	layer_6: love to peniob and yourself
	layer_8: love to penylob and yourself
	layer_10: love to penilov and yourself
	layer_12: love to penilov and yourself

file: 6267-53049-0008.flac
expected: your affectionate aunt adella hunter
	layer_2: your affectioatd ound a thila hant
	layer_4: your affectionate ounmt at ther a hant
	layer_6: your affectionate ount adeahand
	layer_8: your affectionate aunt adela hande
	layer_10: your affectionate aunt ade lahante
	layer_12: your affectionate aunt a de la hante

file: 6267-53049-0009.flac
expected: i don't see its beauty said penelope with a grimace
	layer_2: i don' se its but sat than a opy weth agryt
	layer_4: i don't sy its beauty said than anopy weth agre
	layer_6: i don't see it's beauty said then anopy weath a great
	layer_8: i don't see it's beauty said tenaope weth a great
	layer_10: i don't see it's beauty said penenope weth a great
	layer_12: i don't see it's beauty said penenope weth a great

file: 6267-53049-0010.flac
expected: it may have been pretty once but it is all faded now
	layer_2: ito may haveh beenpreaty ancs lut it is alld si tid now
	layer_4: it may have been preaty ance bat it is alsietit now
	layer_6: it may have been pretty oncs bhut it is allsidit now
	layer_8: it may have been pretty once but it is all side ed now
	layer_10: it may have been pretty once but it is aside it now
	layer_12: it may have been pretty once but it is aside it now

file: 6267-53049-0011.flac
expected: tell me dorrie does it argue a lack of proper respect for my ancestors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heirloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_2: toer me dory dtos i ar wo alack of proporry spectfur my unsustors that thi cant fel very and tosius tec aover dhis ha lmn e speienly en grund manther ounter dit ars before i was bor
	layer_4: teremey dory tos it argo alack of croporispect for my ansustorcs that i cant fiel very an tosiastic over thise her loom especially oen grand motdher hunter died years before i was bor
	layer_6: terme dori does it argu a lack of croperespect for my ansistors that i can't feel very antusiastic over thise heir loom especially when grand mother hunter died ears before i was bor
	layer_8: tel me dory does it argu a lack of croper respect for my ansistors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this hairloom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_10: tell me dorry does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ansistors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heir loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born
	layer_12: tell me dorry does it argu a lack of proper respect for my ansistors that i can't feel very enthusiastic over this heir loom especially when grandmother hunter died years before i was born

file: 6267-53049-0012.flac
expected: it was very kind of aunt adella to send it said doris dutifully
	layer_2: it as tery kind of and at ther itosendet sai doris dotyfory
	layer_4: it was very kind of amd atthereagt to sendied sad dories doty fory
	layer_6: it was very kind of aumd ateraght to sendid said dories duty furly
	layer_8: it was very kind of aunt adea to send it said daris dutyfully
	layer_10: it was very kind of aunt a dera to send it said toris dutyfully
	layer_12: it was very kind of aunt a dera to send it said torris dutyfully

file: 6267-53049-0013.flac
expected: why the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_2: whyd the rong sie is ever so much pretur thandor iht isclaind ben al opy
	layer_4: why the ronside is ever so much preter than eright is clained pen an opy
	layer_6: why te wrong side is ever so much preter than the right isclained peno lopi
	layer_8: why the wrong side is ever so much pretter than the right ixclaimed penilopi
	layer_10: wy the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelope
	layer_12: wy the wrong side is ever so much prettier than the right exclaimed penelopi

file: 6267-53049-0014.flac
expected: what lovely old timey stuff and not a bit faded
	layer_2: what lovely old's dymy steus at not obeet sadet
	layer_4: what lovely allds dimy stuff at not obet sadit
	layer_6: what lovely alds dimi stuff at not abeat sadit
	layer_8: what lovely oldsdimy stuff at not a beat sad e
	layer_10: what lovely old stimy stuff at not a beet sadet
	layer_12: what lovely old timy stuff at not a beet sadet

file: 6267-53049-0015.flac
expected: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_2: i e clear it is as cod ans nu
	layer_4: i declar it is as god as kneu
	layer_6: ideclar it is as goood as new
	layer_8: i declare it is as goood as new
	layer_10: i declare it is as good as new
	layer_12: i declare it is as good as new

file: 6267-53049-0016.flac
expected: well let us go and have tea said penelope i'm decidedly hungry
	layer_2: wel let ds go and hae tet said en i loby i be si di le hunry
	layer_4: well let oas go and have chee said fene lopy i ecididly hungry
	layer_6: well letus go and have cheep said penelopy i esididle hungry
	layer_8: well let us go and have cheed said penelopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_10: well let us go and have cheet said penelopi i decidedly hungry
	layer_12: well let us go and have cheet said penelopi i decidedly hungry

file: 6267-53049-0017.flac
expected: besides i see the poverty pucker coming
	layer_2: esit i se the aver ty bocked commien
	layer_4: beside i see the paveritybouad comein
	layer_6: besides i see the boverty pocual coming
	layer_8: besides i see the poverty pocul coming
	layer_10: besides i see the poverty popular commint
	layer_12: besides i see the poverty popular comment

file: 6267-53049-0018.flac
expected: it is something to possess an heirloom after all
	layer_2: itf i soumting to ases an hadlon ofter ol
	layer_4: it is someting to vosses an hernon after ar
	layer_6: it is something to vosses and har lon after al
	layer_8: it is something to voses and harlon after all
	layer_10: it is something to vosses and hernon after all
	layer_12: it is something to vosses and hernon after all

file: 6267-53049-0019.flac
expected: penelope was surprised as much as the tender sisterly heart could wish when doris flashed out upon her triumphantly on the evening of the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and re hung and the prettiest waist imaginable a waist that was a positive creation of dainty rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and knots of black velvet
	layer_2: than a lo be wasu prise as mighch as the taender sistorly hart cod ru ste whern doris flishedoult apon hear ton fintly and the eivening on the bpartiy re the blrecxs cur nislyt pras and re hon and the prikest waiceti maginor a wayse that was apositifcreeatien f theynt ouros bas princod sik wieh a gartel ant nouts of lack vete
	layer_4: ten alo pe waso prise as much as the tander sisterly hert cod wiciolthe wheen dories flashed out upon her twon fantly and the evening on the party wi the plraks cur nicsely prasse and ree hung and the pritest wasd imagina awase that was a positive creation arf the yros bas prinkled siilk with a girdl and nouts of black werve
	layer_6: phen a lopi wasur prised as much as the tander sisterly heard coold wish the when doris flashed out upon her twm funtly and the evening on the party with the black skur nicely pressed and re hung and the pretest wast imaginaver awaist that was a positive creation of theint he ros bas prinkled silk with a girdl and nouts of black valve
	layer_8: when elopi was surprised as much as the tander sisterly her coold wish when doris flashed out upon her tounfanly and the evening on the party with the black skrt nicely pressed and wrehung and the prittest waste imaginabe a waist that was tha positive creation of the he ros basprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet
	layer_10: ben elopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when doris flashed out upon her two unfanly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest waste imaginable a wast that was a positive creation of then she rose besprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet
	layer_12: pen elopi was surprised as much as the tender sisterly hert could wish when doris flashed out up on her two unfantly and the evening on the party with the black skirt nicely pressed and rehung and the prettiest wast imaginable a wast that was a positive creation of then she rose be sprinkled silk with a girdle and nots of black velvet

file: 6267-53049-0020.flac
expected: so penelope went to blanche's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_2: so then aloty when to blanp sparty and her trasmas udmeration of avery gr tha
	layer_4: so ben alopy wen to blanp sparty and her dras mas hed muration of every gir ther
	layer_6: so wenalopi wen to blan sparty and her dress was the admiration of every gire there
	layer_8: so wen elopi went to blanchs party and her dress was the admiration of every girl ther
	layer_10: so penelopi went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there
	layer_12: so penelope went to blanc's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there

file: 6267-53049-0021.flac
expected: penelope thought her altogether charming
	layer_2: whend e lo besoldt her aut to geler sarmeng
	layer_4: wen the lo pbesold her ul togetlher sarming
	layer_6: when he lov besold her al together sarming
	layer_8: when the love isold her altogether sarming
	layer_10: when the love besoled her altogether charming
	layer_12: when the love besoled her altogether charming

file: 6267-53049-0022.flac
expected: she looks as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself
	layer_2: she lnowsays if she had justs thap d out of the fraim of somelovely alt beatr she sat to her son
	layer_4: she lesas if she had justs thapt out of the fram of some lovely alt piture she sad to her sonf
	layer_6: she losas if she had justs tapt out of the frame of some lovely ald peacture she sai to herself
	layer_8: she loos as if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old piaccture she said to herself
	layer_10: she loos us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she sad to herself
	layer_12: she loos us if she had just stepped out of the frame of some lovely old picture she said to herself

file: 6267-53049-0023.flac
expected: my aunt adella gave me gave us the material she stammered
	layer_2: mhy ont a thila getv me geve aus ther mautoar she stamr
	layer_4: my unt athela gete me geve as ther matoria she stammrd
	layer_6: my ount adela gave me gave usk the mateia she stamorid
	layer_8: my unt adela gave me gave us the materia she stammerit
	layer_10: my aunt adela gave me gave us the mateirial she stammer it
	layer_12: my aunt adela gave me gave us the matrial she stammer it

file: 6267-53049-0024.flac
expected: i am named after her missus fairweather suddenly put her arm about penelope and drew the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_2: i nd thaped aftor her mis is fair water sutenly pot her arm about ben aloby and j the youn gr to hear hear lovely old sace ad low weth delid anddendornes
	layer_4: ian named after her misis fairwater suddenly pout her arm about ban alopy and dou the yun gir to her her lovely ald face ad glow with delid and tenderness
	layer_6: ia named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopy and djewd the young girl to her her lovely old face a glow with delighed and tenderness
	layer_8: im named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi and red the young girl to her her lovely old face a glow with delight and tenderness
	layer_10: im named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi andrewd the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness
	layer_12: iam named after her missus fair water suddenly put her arm about penelopi andrewd the young girl to her her lovely old face aglow with delight and tenderness

file: 6267-53049-0025.flac
expected: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_2: the you ar mi grun nes she sait
	layer_4: the you are my grant nes she said
	layer_6: then youare my grant niese she said
	layer_8: then you are my grandt niece she said
	layer_10: then you are my grandniece she said
	layer_12: then you are my grandniece she said

file: 6267-53049-0026.flac
expected: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rosebud silk if i came across it in thibet
	layer_2: when i sowyo or tres i fu't sur you were ofy lated tohere i shouldricod nie thaterols bu ser eif i camo cros t inte beat
	layer_4: when i sa wyour tress i filt sure you were relitid to her i shouldt reconite that tros bod sl if i cam acrouss it intibat
	layer_6: when i saw our tress i felt sure you were  relited to her i should recognite that rose bad cill if i came across it in te bath
	layer_8: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were relited to her i should recognize that rose bud sil if i came across it in tebeth
	layer_10: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sill if i came across it in tibath
	layer_12: when i saw your dress i felt sure you were related to her i should recognize that rose bud sill if i came across it in tibath

file: 6267-53049-0027.flac
expected: penelope was four years older than i was but we were devoted to each other
	layer_2: thand an aopy was fora years alldoered then i as but we war thefolltit to each adher
	layer_4: ban alopy whas for  years alter than i was but we were the valtet to each other
	layer_6: an alopi was four years alder than i was but we were devalted to each other
	layer_8: analopi was four years olter than i was but we were devolted to each other
	layer_10: panelope was four years older than i was but we were divoted to each other
	layer_12: penelope was four years older than i was but we were divoted to each other

file: 6267-53049-0028.flac
expected: soon after this our mother died and our household was broken up
	layer_2: so nofsto de sourd mather did and t ouerhaues cald was brocken ot
	layer_4: so n after decshouer mother died and our haese aled was broken au
	layer_6: son after dice hour mother died and our huls ald was broken up
	layer_8: son after thise our mother died and our house caled was broken up
	layer_10: soon after this our mother died and our house calld was broken up
	layer_12: soon after this our mother died and our house called was broken up

file: 6267-53049-0029.flac
expected: my dear i am a very lonely old woman with nobody belonging to me
	layer_2: whye tye i amolsary lonly aldt womrn we sno bitdhey belon in to me
	layer_4: why dea i amosary longly al d womearn we s no vadhey belongin to me
	layer_6: my dear i amon sery longly alld woman with no bady belonging to me
	layer_8: my dear i am onsery longly old woman with no body belonging to me
	layer_10: my dear i ama very longly old woman with no body belonging to me
	layer_12: my dear i am a very longly old woman with no body belonging to me

file: 6267-53049-0030.flac
expected: now she patted missus fairweather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_2: nowt she paten mesus faire wathers sofd ald hand af fectionatly
	layer_4: now she paten missus far wethers soft alld hand affectionatly
	layer_6: now she patened missus fair weathers soft ald hand affectionatly
	layer_8: now she pattened missus farweatthers soft old hand affectionately
	layer_10: now she pattened missus fair weather's soft old hand affectionately
	layer_12: now she pattened missus fair weather's soft old hand affectionately

file: 6267-53049-0031.flac
expected: doris and penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye
	layer_2: dricand bena opy foant terleaves ant plas canged in thetin clin of on ei
	layer_4: toris and penal opy foaut ther leavs and plans changed in the twint cling of an ey
	layer_6: doris and penelopi found their leaves and plans changed in the twint cling of an eye
	layer_8: doris and penalopi found their leaves and plants changed in the twin cling of an aie
	layer_10: dorris and panelope found their leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an ay
	layer_12: dorris and panelope found their leaves and plants changed in the twint cling of an ay

file: 6267-53049-0032.flac
expected: when missus fairweather had gone doris and penelope looked at each other
	layer_2: when missus fir werterl had gon dorrisand ben alo be loked at ec aodder
	layer_4: wen missus far woterl had gone dorisan pan alo py looked at ech atder
	layer_6: whene missus far weter had gone dories and pen alopy looked at each other
	layer_8: whene missus farwettherl had gone dories and penalop looked at each other
	layer_10: when missus fairweddel had gone dorries and penelope looked at each other
	layer_12: when missus fairweddel had gone dorries and pennelope looked at each other

file: 6267-65525-0000.flac
expected: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below
	layer_2: at she slevetin tl hear blo brein t oaftonon dras her und callt to har fran bel
	layer_4: at she sleed into her bleu print afte nown dress her unt calet to her fram belo
	layer_6: as she sleped into her blue brint afternon dress her aunt called to her from billaw
	layer_8: as she slipped into her blue brint afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billa
	layer_10: as she sliped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from billauh
	layer_12: as she slipped into her blue print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from bille

file: 6267-65525-0001.flac
expected: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clinging to the other
	layer_2: anjane rastanding at the fod of the steirs witch a lampin one hand and the eur ald baybe clanging to the ather
	layer_4: on janwastanding at the fod of the stairs with alamping one hand and the year all babe clanging to the other
	layer_6: on jane was tanding at the fold of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and the year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_8: unt jane was standing at the foort of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_10: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other
	layer_12: aunt jane was standing at the foot of the stairs with a lamp in one hand and a year old baby clanging to the other

file: 6267-65525-0002.flac
expected: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunflower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_2: she as ho tek shaplis womone weh teron god natuured face jurefor and valger as the sonflower was aom t djain att all dimes and ocasiens
	layer_4: she was a bek sha plyc woman weh te ran god natured face cherfor and voller as ha sunflower was ondt jain at all times and occasiens
	layer_6: she was a bigk shapeles woman with aroun good natured face cheerfor and volgur as a sun flower was ownedt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_8: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerfur and vulgar as ha sun flower was auned jane at all times and occasions
	layer_10: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as the sun flower was aunt jane at all times and occasions
	layer_12: she was a big shapeless woman with a round good natured face cheerful and vulgar as a sunn flower was aunt jane at all times and occasions

file: 6267-65525-0003.flac
expected: i want to run over and see how missus brixby is this evening siddy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_2: i wn trone oveor andsey howl missus bixks be sthas ivnin cithe and you must dake crf the baby tylaget thack
	layer_4: iwon't trun oer an sy howl missus big be isthis evening sidi and you must take cr of the babe ty li get thack
	layer_6: i wan't to run over and see how missus biggs be is this evening city and you must take care of the babytil i get back
	layer_8: i wan't to run over and see how missus biggsby is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_10: i want to run over and see how missus biggsb is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back
	layer_12: i want to run over and see how missus biggsb is this evening sidy and you must take care of the baby till i get back

file: 6267-65525-0004.flac
expected: sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_2: seed they sih and wene donsters ford the baby
	layer_4: see tey sighte and we doncster for the baby
	layer_6: sinn a sigte and wedownstirs for the baby
	layer_8: sidtin a sight and wen downsteirs for the baby
	layer_10: sidna sight and went downstairs for the baby
	layer_12: sidna siht and went downstairs for the baby

file: 6267-65525-0005.flac
expected: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_2: al her days were alike as faras hard work and donis wnt but hyetcepte them jurfuory and unco plainingd
	layer_4: all her tays were alike as faras hard work and dalness went but yheeccepte them teurfury and uncomplainingdlo
	layer_6: all her days were alike as far us hard work and dulness went but he accepted them turefury and uncomplainingy
	layer_8: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dullness went but she accepted them cheerfuly and uncomplainingly
	layer_10: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dull ness went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly
	layer_12: all her days were alike as far as hard work and dull nass went but she accepted them cheerfully and uncomplainingly

file: 6267-65525-0006.flac
expected: but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_2: but she thid resan having to lilk ast of the baby worn ye wanete tri ha leter
	layer_4: but she did resand having to lok aftor the baby wer n she wanted torite her letter
	layer_6: but she did resen having to look after the baby wheren she wanted to write her letter
	layer_8: but she did resend having to look after the baby whern she wanted to write her letter
	layer_10: but she did recend having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter
	layer_12: but she did recend having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter

file: 6267-65525-0007.flac
expected: the room was small a mere box above the kitchen which sidney shared with two small cousins
	layer_2: ther ro must mon an mar bocksubout the kachin whech  seenthey shirdry tots mar cosens
	layer_4: the roomas mon a mar boxs above the kachin which seeen te shartwet toods mor cousince
	layer_6: the roumust mon a mere box above the kitchen which seden a sharg with twods more cousins
	layer_8: the room as mon a mar box above the kitchen which seten a shar with twomore cousins
	layer_10: the rum was mon a mare box abovt the kitchen which sitingy shark with two smore cusins
	layer_12: the roum was mon a mare box abouve the kitchen which sittingy shark with two smore coszins

file: 6267-65525-0008.flac
expected: her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space
	layer_2: hoare bat andd the caut wer the letof gars lpt se dthout armolst al te oftealabern spas
	layer_4: her bat and the cougt were the leatof girslapet felledouvt armos alhe af vailabor space
	layer_6: her bad and the caut were the littlr girs lapped filled up armost all the avalabr space
	layer_8: her bad and the cot where the little girls laped filled up alrmost all te availabe space
	layer_10: her bed and the cot where the little girl slap filled up almost all the available space
	layer_12: her bed and the cot where the little girl slapt filled up almost all the available space

file: 6267-65525-0009.flac
expected: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pea and the mouth zigzagged from ear to ear
	layer_2: to the that pucteclar angr one i apeart to be as largh asin oreng whi the a ther was thesise of ope and the mout zexoged from er to eare
	layer_4: the that particlor angar one i apear to be as large as an orenge hile the other was the sise of a pe and the mot zexaged from ear to ear
	layer_6: just o that particlar anger one i appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth z exagged from ear to ear
	layer_8: just at that particular angle one eye appear to be as large as an orange while the other was the size of a pe and the mouth ziexagt from ear to ear
	layer_10: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange hile the other was the size of a pe and the mouth zixagd from ear to ear
	layer_12: just at that particular angle one eye appeared to be as large as an orange hile the other was the size of a pee and the mouth zixagt from ear to ear

file: 6267-65525-0010.flac
expected: sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything
	layer_2: see ty hated that muras virr latly a sheculd tage anyiting
	layer_4: seendney hated that meras vir lagtly as she cod hat aniting
	layer_6: si ntehated that miras viery lately as she could hade anything
	layer_8: sineiy hated that mirroars very lately as he could hate anything
	layer_10: sine hated that mirrs very lately as he could hate anything
	layer_12: sine hated that mirrans very lately as he could hate anything

file: 6267-65525-0011.flac
expected: her mother had died the day after and sidney thereupon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for her dowry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been paid
	layer_2: ther mather had dad to dey after and seny there apon had com into the hands of ghood aoundt jan weh tos boks for howrd dory sis noting arns was leat aft orthe expances ofte daber fi ner o had ben fay
	layer_4: her mather had did to they after and sedeny theire apon had come into the hands of ghoood ount can wich dhos boks for herd dory sins noting as was latt aftere expances of the dobel finarar had ben a
	layer_6: her mother had died to day after and sidne ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jan wich those boks for herd doulry since noting els was left after the expancies of the doble finoror had ben fait
	layer_8: her mother had died to day after and sidney ther upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane wich those books for her dolry since nothing else was left after the expansies of the double fineror had been fait
	layer_10: her mother had died to day after and sidney there upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for herd dolry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been fat
	layer_12: her mother had died to day after and sidney there upon had come into the hands of good aunt jane with those books for herd dolry since nothing else was left after the expenses of the double funeral had been fate

file: 6267-65525-0012.flac
expected: presently she began to write with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_2: presently shuld be geant to rwit we the flash al freearlexcikment on har face
	layer_4: prsently shold began to rite weh the flash af freear exciementon her face
	layer_6: presently she began to write with the flush o freel excitement on her face
	layer_8: presently she began to write with tha flush of frel excitement on her face
	layer_10: presently she began to ride with a flush of real excitement on her face
	layer_12: presently she began to ride with a flush of reel excitement on her face

file: 6267-65525-0013.flac
expected: only one answer came to ellen douglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering editor of the maple leaf
	layer_2: anly one anser cam to ilendduglness and that last for warthet to hear bid the larngslffering ad ytr a the maplief
	layer_4: oly one anser came to alandaglness and that was for war the to her bid the long selfering a etor of the mapo lief
	layer_6: alnly one answern came to alen dagnass and that was forwarte to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mappar lif
	layer_8: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mapel leaf
	layer_10: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering a ditor of the mapper leaf
	layer_12: only one answer came to ellen daglas and that was forwarded to her by the long suffering adito of the mappel leaf

file: 6267-65525-0014.flac
expected: he wrote that although his age debarred him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much interest and often had thought of answering some of the requests for correspondents
	layer_2: he rod dat ullog hise eadeted bard hm from mamper shipin the cl he was pwrainty and the lait was eightee h rad the le ther's of te de partmen wich mourching trest and all fom had tould of ancerying som of thire quest fore qores on thets
	layer_4: he rod that atow his eagete burd him from ampership in the clapb he was twenty and tha liamit was ighteen he rad the leters of the thepartment with marching tras and alform had tout of ansering som of the request for coress on tads
	layer_6: he wro that altow his agtid burd him from mambership in the clapb he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he red the letters of the department with marching trest and offerm had thought of answering some of the request for cress on thets
	layer_8: he wrote that aldhouh his aged bird him from membership in the clup he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with march intrest and ofem had thought of answering some of the requests four cresst on dhets
	layer_10: he wrote that altho his agetet birt him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much ing terest and oftem had thought of answering some of the requests four corest on deths
	layer_12: he wrote that altho his agetet birt him from membership in the club he was twenty and the limit was eighteen he read the letters of the department with much ing terest and oftem had thought of answering some of the requests four corest on deaths

file: 6267-65525-0015.flac
expected: he never had done so but ellen douglas's letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_2: she never had donso bodd alandove les ses lether waes soing tresting that he hat thesided trit te har
	layer_4: she never had downso bud elandoglessses leter wa sow in thresting that he had tecided toright to her
	layer_6: she never had done so but elandaglasss letther was so intresting that he had decided to rie to her
	layer_8: he never had done so but elen daugless letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_10: he never had done so but ellen dogles letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her
	layer_12: he never had done so but ellen dougless letter was so interesting that he had decided to write to her

file: 6267-65525-0016.flac
expected: would she be kind enough to correspond with him
	layer_2: wold she be king i nouh te corase borm with hm
	layer_4: would she beking inouh the corraspom with him
	layer_6: would she be king enough to corraspond with him
	layer_8: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_10: would she be king enough to correspond with him
	layer_12: would she be king enough to correspond with him

file: 6267-65525-0017.flac
expected: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_2: to as to yers oluld from the east and had nott ye for goten to bev houmesek at dins
	layer_4: you was to years out from the east and had notyad for gotan to be home sek at tines
	layer_6: he was two years out from thei east and had not yet forgoden to be home seek at tines
	layer_8: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homeseek at times
	layer_10: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times
	layer_12: he was two years out from the east and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times

file: 6267-65525-0018.flac
expected: sidney liked the letter and answered it
	layer_2: seepney like the letr and ansrd y
	layer_4: sevtna like the letter and ansered ea
	layer_6: senay like the letter and answer at eat
	layer_8: sine like the letter and aser at eat
	layer_10: cidne liked the letter and anserat et
	layer_12: sidne liked the letter and anserat eth

file: 6267-65525-0019.flac
expected: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_2: she never expactet to me donlincon noardeid she weshed to loosaw
	layer_4: she never expected to met jonlincon nardagde she weshe to dusa
	layer_6: she never expected to meet john lincolm nor did she wish to do so
	layer_8: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wished to do so
	layer_10: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so
	layer_12: she never expected to meet john lincoln nor did she wish to do so

file: 6267-65525-0020.flac
expected: in the correspondence itself she found her pleasure
	layer_2: in the coruspontansit souf she font har lation
	layer_4: in the corus on dancsitself she fand her plasion
	layer_6: in the corspondence itself she found her plasion
	layer_8: in the correspondence itself she found her plesion
	layer_10: in the correspondence itself she found her plesure
	layer_12: in the correspondence itself she found her plesure

file: 6267-65525-0021.flac
expected: john lincoln wrote breezy accounts of ranch life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug humdrum plainfield life that sidney always had the sensation of crossing a gulf when she opened a letter from the bar n as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_2: joundin gon rod resyocons of frangh life and tha tantuers on the farwestomelains so eanan and mod froms nog houm drowm rainfil live that sing the aleys hatd the senzation off crogssing o go wer and shed alpen alater from the bar and as forsig nise own leter this is the way itread as she rolty
	layer_4: junlin cong roud bresya couns of frangeh life and ha tanturs on the far westom plains so aiglian and remoth froms nig ham dram brainfeld life that seeng tey aloays had the senzation of crossing agaf were and sheed opend allater from the bar and as forsines own letter this is the way itread as she roultid
	layer_6: johnlinon rod brizialccounts of frange life and thatvanturs on the far westome plains so alien and  remoede from snug hum dram brainfield life that seing they always had the senzation of crossing a gaf wherean sheed opened a latter from the bar and as for signese own letter this is the way it read as she roted
	layer_8: john lincon wrot brizier counts of frangh life and adventures on the far westerne plains so alien and remote from snug hum drum brainfield life that sengney always had the sensation of crossing a garf werin shee opened a letter from the bar and as for cidnaey's own letter this is the way it read as she wroted
	layer_10: john lincoln wrote breeziccounts of range life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug hum dram brainfield life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a galf werin she opened a letter from the bar and as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it
	layer_12: john lincoln wrote breezi occounts of range life and adventures on the far western plains so alien and remote from snug hum drum brainfield life that siney always had the sensation of crossing a galf werein she opened a letter from the bar and as for sidney's own letter this is the way it read as she wrote it

file: 6267-65525-0022.flac
expected: the evergreens plainfield dear mister lincoln
	layer_2: the avver greans trainti ter misterlincol
	layer_4: the aver greens praintil der misterlincol
	layer_6: the aver grins brainfi dear misterlincon
	layer_8: the ever greens brainfill dear mister lincoln
	layer_10: the ever grens brainfill dear mister lincoln
	layer_12: the ever greens brainfill dear mister lincoln

file: 6267-65525-0023.flac
expected: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the ripple of music the hum of laughter and conversation
	layer_2: i love life and itsplom and briliancy i lwve meting yu peeope i lov the repl off meulsy the amoloveter and comversation
	layer_4: i lovelife and itsplom and briliancy a love meeting you peple i love the reple of musy the hamofloveter and conversation
	layer_6: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting nou people i love the reple of musy the hammof  loveter and conversation
	layer_8: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the reple of musi the hamo lovter and conversation
	layer_10: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the repple of musi the ham of lovter and conversation
	layer_12: i love life and its bloom and brilliancy i love meeting new people i love the repple of musi the ham of lovter and conversation

file: 6267-65525-0024.flac
expected: the man i had been talking with was paul moore the great novelist
	layer_2: the met i had been togkin wed wast polr mar the grae notlers
	layer_4: the me i had been tolking wed was bo mor the grat novris
	layer_6: the man i had been talking with was pol more the great novris
	layer_8: the man i had been talking with was pol more the great noveris
	layer_10: the men i had been talking with was pol more the great noveis
	layer_12: the man i had been talking with was pol more the great noveris

file: 6267-65525-0025.flac
expected: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth through the insight he himself has given me
	layer_2: as i gwas i had con tor dhited him dlis and he had loft ant lighktit butt hise bos w l aloes havea nou mining to me hands fort tru that insid het himselve as biven me
	layer_4: as iwas i had contrdicted him twis and he had loghtant likedit but his bokswil alwas have a nuw maning to me hands forth tru tha inside he himselfe has given me
	layer_6: as it was i had contradicted him to ice and he had laughed and liked it but his boks will always have a new meaning to me handsforth true the inside he himself has given me
	layer_8: as it was i had contradicted him towice and he had loughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth true the insidte he himself has given me
	layer_10: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth true tha inside he himself has given me
	layer_12: as it was i had contradicted him twice and he had laughed and liked it but his books will always have a new meaning to me henceforth true tha inside he himself has given me

file: 6267-65525-0026.flac
expected: it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me
	layer_2: it his suc mathings at th thes that gve life itspar colfor me
	layer_4: it tis such metings at these that givelife itsparcalfor me
	layer_6: it is such metings at these that give life it sparkl for me
	layer_8: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_10: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me
	layer_12: it is such meetings at these that give life it sparkle for me

file: 6267-65525-0027.flac
expected: you will be weary of my rhapsodies over her
	layer_2: you wey av be war of myght rop sothese aver har
	layer_4: you we are be wary of myigt ropsothese overher
	layer_6: you wea be warry of my ropsodise over her
	layer_8: you be wary of my ropsodis over her
	layer_10: you be wery of my rapsodis over her
	layer_12: you  be wary of my rapsodis over her

file: 6267-65525-0028.flac
expected: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mood
	layer_2: sheu has s emputhy andd aon de standing for my avery mo
	layer_4: she has seim paoty and under standing for my avery mo
	layer_6: she has sympaty and understanding for my every mot
	layer_8: she has sympaty and understanding for my every mo
	layer_10: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo
	layer_12: she has sympathy and understanding for my every mo

file: 6267-65525-0029.flac
expected: yours sincerely sidney richmond
	layer_2: yuars sinsirvily sein na reacma
	layer_4: years sinserely senna reghma
	layer_6: yuors cinserly sinna richme
	layer_8: yours sinserly sina richmon
	layer_10: yours cinterly sine richmond
	layer_12: yours cinserly sinne richmond

file: 6267-65525-0030.flac
expected: aunt jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenely she mailed her letter the next day and a month later an answer came
	layer_2: ol jan cam halnm prosenty and cared away haras liping bayby seeventy sat her prars hen to tatd nd slet songly and said nile sh maled hir later the nex day and the mantelat er and unsor cang
	layer_4: ot jan came hom presently and caried away her asliping baby seveny sed her praiyrs when to bad and slept sounly and sranily she mald her latter the next day and the mantlater and anser kamg
	layer_6: ot jane came home presently and carried away her  sleeping baby sedney sat her prayers went to bad and slept soundly and seranily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer cinme
	layer_8: od jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby sidney sait her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later and answer came
	layer_10: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cidni said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later an answer came
	layer_12: ot jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby cidni said her prayers went to bed and slept soundly and serenily she mailed her latter the next day and the month later an answer came

file: 6267-65525-0031.flac
expected: sidney did not sleep that night but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow
	layer_2: sed nma dyg not sleve that nigt but dostd rasolystly abato crid in her pelo
	layer_4: sed ma de not sleve that night but dosd rastlisly about or cride in her pelo
	layer_6: sidnay i not sleeped that night but thost raslessly about or cried in her pilo
	layer_8: sidnaey di not sleep that night but dosed rastleusly about or cried in her pillo
	layer_10: signey did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her pillo
	layer_12: signey did not sleep that night but dosed restlessly about or cried in her pillo

file: 6267-65525-0032.flac
expected: the good woman shook her head
	layer_2: tha god womonsik her a
	layer_4: the goood warman shok her ak
	layer_6: the good wamon shok her a
	layer_8: the good wamon shook her a
	layer_10: the good wamon shook her a
	layer_12: the good wamon shook her at

file: 6267-65525-0033.flac
expected: sidney trod the way of the transgressor and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow
	layer_2: seedn lthey trot the way of te trons gresser and tfon d hat ets tons birst to bon and ma
	layer_4: sen ney trod the way of the trancs grasser and fond that its thons purst to bon and maro
	layer_6: sitn a trowd the way of the trans grassor and found that its thorns burst to born and marrow
	layer_8: sitina trot the way of the transgrasser and found that its thawns burst to born and marrow
	layer_10: citna trod the way of the transgrassor and found that its thorns burst to bon and marrow
	layer_12: citna trod the way of the transgrassor and found that its thorns burst to bon and marrow

file: 6267-65525-0034.flac
expected: you see that road out thar
	layer_2: yoi se thattherod alt thar
	layer_4: oi see that te rod out tar
	layer_6: you see thate rod out dar
	layer_8: you see that road out dark
	layer_10: you see that road out dark
	layer_12: you see that road out dark

file: 6267-65525-0035.flac
expected: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distant sea visible
	layer_2: and there was no harber orglinps of thistensit tisobur
	layer_4: and there was no harber or glimps of thistancy visabe
	layer_6: and there was no harbor or glimps of distancy visabl
	layer_8: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_10: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distancy visible
	layer_12: and there was no harbour or glimpse of distan cy visible

file: 6267-65525-0036.flac
expected: had the hotel keeper made a mistake
	layer_2: had the halto kpr my them hs dake
	layer_4: had the haulto keeper mi te is take
	layer_6: had the halter keeper mate mistake
	layer_8: had the halterkeeper migh a mistake
	layer_10: had the halterkeeper mae a mistake
	layer_12: had the halterkeeper mide a mistake

file: 6267-65525-0037.flac
expected: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreens but myself
	layer_2: ths is his place no body coarsi the eveer gring but my se
	layer_4: this is hisplace no bodycorsit the evergreen but myself
	layer_6: this is his place nobody courds it the evergreen but myself
	layer_8: this is his place nobody cals it the evergreen but myself
	layer_10: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself
	layer_12: this is his place nobody calls it the evergreen but myself

file: 6267-65525-0038.flac
expected: i don't understand he said perplexedly
	layer_2: i non'ton the stand he sad but pleccidly
	layer_4: i don't on the stand he said bar plikceidly
	layer_6: i don't un dhe stand he said parplek edly
	layer_8: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_10: i don't understand he said perplexidly
	layer_12: i don't understand he said perplexidly

file: 6267-65525-0039.flac
expected: oh sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest
	layer_2: oh sendnlthe to out har hans in the barst aof bationa broltest
	layer_4: oh seende ne  two out her handse in the barst off bationat broltect
	layer_6: oh sednte two out her hands in tha barst off pationad broltist
	layer_8: oh seenge two out her hands in a burst of patienat braltest
	layer_10: oh sed two out her hands in a burst of patienat broltest
	layer_12: oh sey two out her hands in a burst of patienat broltest

file: 6267-65525-0040.flac
expected: no and you never will understand i can't make you understand
	layer_2: now and you never wel on the stendt i cant maye you on the sten
	layer_4: no and you never well on the stend i can't my you on the sten
	layer_6: no and you never will understand i can't my cou on the stand
	layer_8: no and you never will understand i can't ma u understand
	layer_10: no and you never will understand i can't make huw understand
	layer_12: no and you never will understand i can't make hou understand

file: 6267-65525-0041.flac
expected: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_2: everiting i toldou abatt and my l ife was just i muncination
	layer_4: everyting ito ou abaltit and my life was justimoncination
	layer_6: everything i told you aboutid and my life was just ymongination
	layer_8: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_10: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination
	layer_12: everything i told you about it and my life was just imagination

file: 6267-65525-0042.flac
expected: then why did you write them he asked blankly
	layer_2: thin whit din i riht dam hast rlantly
	layer_4: that whi din ne wright temp he asked blankly
	layer_6: then why di noew right dem he asked blankly
	layer_8: then why did't you writ dem he asked blankly
	layer_10: then why didt you write tem he asked blankly
	layer_12: then why did you write them he asked blankly

file: 6267-65525-0043.flac
expected: why did you deceive me
	layer_2: why din youd thi seef me
	layer_4: why di oud tesevf me
	layer_6: why di you deceive me
	layer_8: why did you deceive me
	layer_10: why did you deceive me
	layer_12: why did you deceive me

file: 6267-65525-0044.flac
expected: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_2: oh i ditan meantwo the seesyou i neverthoud of such otein
	layer_4: oh i didint mean to the seve you inever thout of sarch of thing
	layer_6: o i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such of think
	layer_8: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_10: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing
	layer_12: oh i didn't mean to deceive you i never thought of such a thing

file: 6267-65525-0045.flac
expected: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and empty
	layer_2: i jus codan trid ou abot my li re not becas itas har but ti oaso ogly and anty
	layer_4: i just cooden trit you about my life her not because itt as hart but itoaso agly and anty
	layer_6: i just goodn't rit you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anti
	layer_8: i just couldn't writ you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anti
	layer_10: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anty
	layer_12: i just couldn't write you about my life here not because it was hard but it was so ugly and anti

file: 6267-65525-0046.flac
expected: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_2: and wen woance i had begon i hadto kipit upp
	layer_4: and when ance i had begon i had to kep it up
	layer_6: and when ants i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_8: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_10: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up
	layer_12: and when once i had begun i had to keep it up

file: 6267-65525-0047.flac
expected: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_2: i fan t eid sol fussiaking to
	layer_4: i found it sa fustimaving to
	layer_6: i found itsol fascinating to
	layer_8: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_10: i found it so fascinating too
	layer_12: i found it so fascinating too

file: 6267-65525-0048.flac
expected: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_2: os leds ers may that ather lie seem rel to me i never y pected to me you
	layer_4: hose lettersmade that ather life seem real to me i never expected to met you
	layer_6: those letthers made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_8: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_10: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you
	layer_12: those letters made that other life seem real to me i never expected to meet you

file: 6267-65525-0049.flac
expected: these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_2: the sclas for dayse seein selathercam have been tradfwrn to me
	layer_4: thes lased for days sin shu later cam have been drad fl to me
	layer_6: this lased four days sin you latter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_8: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_10: this last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me
	layer_12: thise last four days since you letter came have been dreadful to me

file: 6267-65525-0050.flac
expected: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_2: o plis gaway and forcaf me if u can
	layer_4: oh blhys go away and for gerve me if you can
	layer_6: o please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_8: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_10: oh please go away and forgive me if you can
	layer_12: oh please go away and forgive me if you can

file: 6267-65525-0051.flac
expected: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_2: ito as wars tan she had eventolld it would te
	layer_4: it t was warse than she had even thod it would te
	layer_6: it was wors than she had even thought it would be
	layer_8: it was worse than she had even thoughet it would be
	layer_10: it was worse than she had even thought it would be
	layer_12: it was worse than she had even thought it would be

file: 6267-65525-0052.flac
expected: he was so handsome so manly so earnest eyed
	layer_2: hu wa so hasome so maly so ernnist i
	layer_4: he was so hadsome so maly so ernest ei
	layer_6: she was so hadsome so mely so earnestd ey
	layer_8: she was so handsome so mely so earnest eye
	layer_10: she was so handsome so maly so earnest ye
	layer_12: she was so handsome so maly so earnest eye

file: 6267-65525-0053.flac
expected: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_2: junlincon aopon the gate and wer ou to ar
	layer_4: jonlincon opon the gate and wet up to her
	layer_6: john lincon opene the gate and went up too her
	layer_8: john lincol opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_10: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her
	layer_12: john lincoln opened the gate and went up to her

file: 6267-65525-0054.flac
expected: please don't distress yourself so sidney he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_2: ples don't thestries your se sol sid ne he said un cochiilsly usin har cresthin ne
	layer_4: plese don't thistris your self so sena he said unconsusly using her creasten ney
	layer_6: please don't distris yourself so sidney he said unconsiously using her chrestian na
	layer_8: please don't destrise yourself so sydney he said unconsciously using her christian nae
	layer_10: please don't distres yourself so sidny he said unconsciously using her christian name
	layer_12: please don't distress yourself so cidney he said unconsciously using her christian name

file: 6267-65525-0055.flac
expected: i think i do understand
	layer_2: i tin i doo one the steamn
	layer_4: i think i do on the sten
	layer_6: i think i do on the stand
	layer_8: i think i do on dhe stand
	layer_10: i think i do unde stand
	layer_12: i think i do under stand

file: 6267-65525-0056.flac
expected: i'm not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_2: and not such a dorl seltl as you take my for
	layer_4: and not such a dol selo as you take me for
	layer_6: a'm not such a dal sellow as you take me for
	layer_8: i'am not such a dull sellow as you take me for
	layer_10: aam not such a dull fellow as you take me for
	layer_12: am not such a dull fellow as you take me for

file: 6267-65525-0057.flac
expected: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_2: after orl thos leters wer tr r rather thee was trutin tam
	layer_4: after al thos leters were tr or rather the was truting them
	layer_6: after al those letters were true or rather there was truth ing them
	layer_8: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_10: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them
	layer_12: after all those letters were true or rather there was truth in them

file: 6267-65525-0058.flac
expected: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_2: the soung mand wi sertenly good atd un the staning
	layer_4: the soung mad wi certanly good a understaning
	layer_6: the syoung man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_8: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_10: this young man was certainly good at understanding
	layer_12: this young man was certainly good and understanding

file: 6267-65525-0059.flac
expected: you you'll forgive me then she stammered
	layer_2: youl you  for give me than she stammoat
	layer_4: you' you'lforgive me thaen she stamolt
	layer_6: you you'll forgive me then she stamuld
	layer_8: you youll forgive me then she stemmuled
	layer_10: you you'll forgive me then she stummuletd
	layer_12: you you'll forgive me then she stummultd

file: 7697-245715-0000.flac
expected: but in the state of innocence there would have been no weakness of old age
	layer_2: but i ve stavo thencens they il have bee nord nessofol aghe
	layer_4: but inverstavof the ncense they wulld hav be nod nessopol age
	layer_6: but in vhe stat of thincence they would have ben nowrd nesciful ge
	layer_8: but in the stae of inocence they would have been nod nesiful ge
	layer_10: but in the state of inocence there would have been no nesiful age
	layer_12: but in the state of innocence there would have been no nesiful age

file: 7697-245715-0001.flac
expected: on the contrary everything generated is first imperfect but in the state of innocence children would have been begotten by generation
	layer_2: on the conteury everiyth in generad ed in sprsting perfept but bing te sivfinisson s chirding w hap bi begotam biagin aration
	layer_4: om the contury everyth in generadeed in spirsting perfept but ing the seeiinoscence chirding willh hapbe begodo bigeneration
	layer_6: on the contrary everythin generated in spirsting perfect but in the salihanicance children woil happ bein thegaden by generation
	layer_8: on the contrary everything generated in sfirsting perfect but in the sae of inacen'e children would hapbe tbegarden by generation
	layer_10: on the contrary everything generated in s first inmgperfect but in the saf f innacence children wuld havbe te garde by generation
	layer_12: on the contrary everything generated in s first inmgperfect but in the safe f innacence children wold hav be tegarde by generation

file: 7697-245715-0002.flac
expected: therefore from the first they would have been imperfect in bodily size and power
	layer_2: theirthfor fromn the first they wil happin in prfact enbodin he sisand poer
	layer_4: theiretfore from the first they wil happein in prfect imbot in hesise and power
	layer_6: therefore from the first they will happen in perfect inbotden isize and power
	layer_8: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect imbodenissize and power
	layer_10: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect imbodeny size and power
	layer_12: therefore from the first they will happen imperfect imbodeny size and power

file: 7697-245715-0003.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary nature's process in generation would have been in harmony with the manner in which it was established by god
	layer_2: the irfor in mhe stat opinicence they was no ned for woming to be bo on the constery le erus porsass inggeneration wtd halpeinin comoly with nmaner in whichshulvd lwass eystabichd pbi got
	layer_4: the afore in the stat ofinicence they was kno need for womin to be bor on the conturary leturs poreas ingeneration wuth happinincominy with manner in whichs if was estalished by god
	layer_6: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borm on the contrary legres purse as ingeneration would happing incommony with matner in which it was established by god
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be born on the contrary liigeres porceas in generation od happen in commonly with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary liiders porcas in generation o happen in commonly with manner in which it was established by god
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence there was no need for women to be borne on the contrary ligers porsass in generation o happen in commony with manner in which it was established by god

file: 7697-245712-0000.flac
expected: four whether in that state man would have been master over men
	layer_2: for wither eng dastat men would have be master wereman
	layer_4: for whether intas state men would have be mester eremen
	layer_6: for whether in thas state men would have be mester o era man
	layer_8: for whither in thast state man would have be master over  man
	layer_10: for whither in that state man would have been masterd over a man
	layer_12: for whither in that state man would have been mastered over a man

file: 7697-245712-0001.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_2: theirfor in the stadfpinisonce man had no masership of the ganimls
	layer_4: therefore in the stadif enisence ban had no masership of the yanimals
	layer_6: therefore in the stat ofinicencs man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence man had no mastership of the animals

file: 7697-245712-0002.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence before man had disobeyed nothing disobeyed him that was naturally subject to him
	layer_2: theirefore in the scaidpinosense befor man had his pede not in sbeaden that wles naturly subjet to hame
	layer_4: theirefore in the statop inocense before manihad itspad nogh in doesbadem that wals naturaly subjact to haim
	layer_6: therefore in the state of inocense before manna had itspade noughin disbade hem that was naturally subjact to haime
	layer_8: therefore in the state of innocence before mann had it spayd noghing dispaydin that was naturally subject to him
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innocence before manna had its pade nothing disbade i that was naturally subject to him
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innocence before manna had its pade nothing tisabade him that was naturally subject to him

file: 7697-245712-0003.flac
expected: secondly this is proved by the order of divine providence which always governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_2: sigen ly dis as pree byh the ld rof do vine trovidec whichowescoverns in ferythingsby theisuppero
	layer_4: sigonly this is proed by the olde ofr devine providenece which hiescoverns ind ferythings by thi supero
	layer_6: segonly this is prooved by the order of divine providenence which haescoverns an fearor things by the seperiou
	layer_8: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providnce which haes governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_10: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hives governs inferior things by the superior
	layer_12: secondly this is proved by the order of a divine providence which hives governs inferior things by the superior

file: 7697-245712-0004.flac
expected: thirdly this is proved from a property of man and of other animals
	layer_2: tertaily dis as proved trom a probeityf man and other anmals
	layer_4: thirtaily disis proved from a probertav man and other animals
	layer_6: thertinly tis is proved from a probertafe man and other animals
	layer_8: thertainly this is proved from a probertyve man and ather animals
	layer_10: tirtainly this is proved from a proborty of man and father animals
	layer_12: thirtainly this is proved from a proborty of man and fother animals

file: 7697-245712-0005.flac
expected: now whatever is participated is subject to what is essential and universal
	layer_2: now what aver is portis pate isubjato wad his thessensiol and eineverso
	layer_4: now whataver his partis patet is tubjate what is thessential and inoverso
	layer_6: now whatever is partis pated is subjacti what is thessential and iniverse
	layer_8: now whatever is particepated is subjectod what is essential and universal
	layer_10: now whatever is partispanted is subjecti what is essential and universal
	layer_12: now whatever is partispanted is subjecti what is essential and universal

file: 7697-245712-0006.flac
expected: therefore the subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_2: theirfor tas jaction o other anials to man ais prooed o benaturol
	layer_4: therforet as jaction of other animals to man isprope to be n atural
	layer_6: thereforet asjaction of other animals to man is prop to be natural
	layer_8: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is prooved to be natural
	layer_10: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural
	layer_12: therefore a subjection of other animals to man is proved to be natural

file: 7697-245712-0007.flac
expected: they would not however on this account have been excepted from the mastership of man as neither at present are they for that reason excepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_2: they would nowt hiver on his coned have peen occepted fom the mastershop of men as neither at pressen nor they for tha reason excepto from dte masershoip or pot was prabdens has wor dan athis
	layer_4: they would not hiver on this cond have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at presson orthey for that reason eccepted from the masership o od was probidons has wor dain a this
	layer_6: they would no hiver on thise cont have been accepted fromthe mastership of men as neither at presen or they for the reason accepted from the mastership of plod whas providence has or dain awl this
	layer_8: they would now hiver on this kound have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for ther reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_10: they would no however on this kiund have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this
	layer_12: they would not however on this kind have been accepted from the mastership of men as neither at present nor they for their reason accepted from the mastership of god whose providence has ordained all this

file: 7697-245712-0008.flac
expected: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to man that he might give them names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_2: this i sicud font by fackthas gowt lett they animos to men that he mut cive te nams expressif of their respaciv natures
	layer_4: this assicndfignt by facthat got letattle enimos to men that he mught gave the names expressie of theire respectovenatures
	layer_6: this assicnfied by the fact that go let at the enimost to men that he might gave the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_8: this assigaified by the fact that god let it the enimals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_10: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures
	layer_12: this is signified by the fact that god led the animals to men that he might give the names expressive of their respective natures

file: 7697-245712-0009.flac
expected: so all animals would have obeyed man of their own accord as in the present state some domestic animals obey him
	layer_2: so indms wild have ad bit man i ther own court as in the pressens day some to mesteicg enos abay himg
	layer_4: so i anmies wousd have a bit man of ther on cort as hin the presens dayt some to masticg einmos o bey him
	layer_6: so  animas would have a bed men of their own courd as in the presencs day some domastic enimos abayhimg
	layer_8: so nimaes would have a bidman of their own court as in the presence dae some domestic enimos obey him
	layer_10: so all enimals would have a bid man of their own courd as in the presence dae some domestic animals obey him
	layer_12: so all enimals would have a bid man of their own courd as in the presence dae some domestic animals obey him

file: 7697-245712-0010.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_2: of jacktioln one itwlas seeme that en te savenoissence ma ol not havle had mastershif aver aol ofther creathurs
	layer_4: ob jaction one it was seeme that innte savenesence man wuld not half had masneship over all other creatures
	layer_6: objaction one it was seemed that ing the saveenicence man would not havf had maseship over all other creatures
	layer_8: objaction one it wasl seemed that in the save inacence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_10: objection one it wll seem that in the safe innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures
	layer_12: objection one it will seem that in the safe innocence man would not have had mastership over all other creatures

file: 7697-245712-0011.flac
expected: much less therefore would it have obeyed man in the state of innocence
	layer_2: much as vefor woud  hae a bet man inth sat of eniscence
	layer_4: much las vefor would he hab a bet men inth stat of i nesence
	layer_6: much las varfor would a ha a bitd men in the state of innocence
	layer_8: much less verfor would  have af bit man in the state of innocence
	layer_10: much less therfor would he habe a bat man in the state of innocence
	layer_12: much less terfor would he habe a bit man in the state of innocence

file: 7697-245712-0012.flac
expected: therefore since it is by his reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems that in the state of innocence man had no dominion over plants
	layer_2: therforsings it is by thes reason that manis compitin to hae mastershoibp it stemes fvaten testivlensence man hiadld ben in over plans
	layer_4: the rfore seencs it is by this reason that manis competan to hape mastership it seeams fvedin the stadvlensince man hadnod mean in over plends
	layer_6: theefore seence it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems felling the stav insence man had no been in overplens
	layer_8: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems filng the stat ofimsence man hadno been in overplans
	layer_10: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of themsence man hasnt been in overplans
	layer_12: therefore since it is by this reason that man is competent to have mastership it seems fetting the state of thim sence man hadnot been in overplans

file: 7697-245712-0013.flac
expected: now in man reason has the position of a master and not of a subject
	layer_2: now e mem reason the haset position of master an nowt o the suptect
	layer_4: now ememreasonthe hast position of a master in nowt of ha subject
	layer_6: now a memoriasonte has te position of a master and nowt of te subject
	layer_8: now i memreason has e position of a master and nowe of the subject
	layer_10: now in memoreason has the position of a master and not of tha subject
	layer_12: now in memoreason has the position of a master and not of ta subject

file: 7697-245712-0014.flac
expected: i answer that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexual union have been sterile
	layer_2: yinser dhat we must neso mit that in oprimid of stayth ther would have ben some ine cartity at leased as regor's sexs becaus generation the pens pon doversitave sexs and like uice as regat age for somewould halve been bor of others norwod sectura uny have beensdaral
	layer_4: i nservdthat we must nesomit that in the primid ove stathe ther would have been some iniqualtity at least as regards sex becauset generation thepencspon daversitaof sex and likeuice as regars age for some would have been born of others nor ould sexturaunly have been staril
	layer_6: i inservd that we must nes admit that in the primitive state theye would have been some inequality at least as regard sex because generation tde pends pon diversitive sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexure uny have been steral
	layer_8: i inserve that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been borne of others nor would sexra uni have been steeral
	layer_10: i anserve that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would sexray unie have been steril
	layer_12: i anserve that we must needs admit that in the primitive state there would have been some inequality at least as regards sex because generation depends upon diversity of sex and likewise as regards age for some would have been born of others nor would secra unie have been stebril

file: 7697-245712-0015.flac
expected: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_2: there mut ausi have beein buthit ly dhspaority
	layer_4: there might also have been butitly desparity
	layer_6: there might also have been budily disparity
	layer_8: there might also have been boudily disparity
	layer_10: there might also have been bodily disparity
	layer_12: there might also have been bodily disparity

file: 7697-245712-0016.flac
expected: inequality might also arise on the part of nature as above described without any defect of nature
	layer_2: necoeita yt alse wo ris on hof pars of nature as buove distriet without iny defas nature
	layer_4: an acarlita ut als were rise own the parts of nature as boved destriped without any defacsfl nature
	layer_6: an acuorlity migt alserrise on the parts of nature as bove destriped without any defactful nature
	layer_8: in aquarity might alse rise on the parts of nature as bove described without any defectful nature
	layer_10: in aquality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defacful nature
	layer_12: in aquality might also rise on the parts of nature as above described without any defacful nature

file: 7697-245712-0017.flac
expected: objection one it would seem that in the state of innocence man would not have been master over man
	layer_2: of jack siin ond he il sim that ae testitichimisens menld not had be master verm men
	layer_4: objaoction one he will seimed that a testad of hemisons man wuld not had be masterver men
	layer_6: objactiane one he wohseemed that athestad of comisons man would not have be masederver men
	layer_8: objection one he ol seemed that in h state of cimisencs man would not have be mased over men
	layer_10: objection one hiosem that in the state of inicense man would not have been massed over men
	layer_12: objection one hioseme that in the state of inicence man would not have been massed over men

file: 7697-245712-0018.flac
expected: therefore in the state of innocence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_2: therefori in the stat of hemisenc ma ld now have been supjeto man
	layer_4: theirefore in the state of e misence ma oul no hav been subjat to man
	layer_6: therefore in the state of imissens manwould nowt have been subjato man
	layer_8: therefore in the state of immocence man would now have been subject to man
	layer_10: therefore in the state of innecence man would not have been subject to man
	layer_12: therefore in the state of innescence man would no have been subject to man

file: 7697-245712-0019.flac
expected: in another sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even he who has the office of governing and directing free men can be called a master
	layer_2: innother sance masership is referd ing a general sans to any cont of supject and en thi senceven he hased the officeof covernyng and diructing free men co be cout omaster
	layer_4: inother sense masership is refert in agenera sance to ani con of subject and in this senc ev en he hasd the office of coverning and diructing free men ca be cauhtomaster
	layer_6: in other sinse massership is refered an a general sense to ani cond of subject and in this sense even he has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_8: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even heh has the office of governing and directing free men can be cauht a master
	layer_10: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewo has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master
	layer_12: in other sense mastership is referred in a general sense to any kind of subject and in this sense even hewho has the office of governing and directing free men can be caught a master

file: 7697-245712-0020.flac
expected: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the state of innocence between man and man for two reasons
	layer_2: such a con of masteshoilt would havexisted in testadifineses betwin a an men for two reasons
	layer_4: such a cn of masteshoild would have existed in desteadifineses betwen ma an men for two reasons
	layer_6: such a konof masenshit would have existed in the steadifinices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_8: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steat ofunices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_10: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steat of inices between man and men for two reasons
	layer_12: such a kind of mastership would have existed in the steat of inices between man and men for two reasons

file: 7697-105817-0000.flac
expected: more than this he hath been heard to rail on you my lord who are now his judge
	layer_2: mor then this ye have bing herd to ral on you my lod fore a now is juc
	layer_4: more than this hoe have beeing heard to railon you my lod for a now his jugh
	layer_6: more than this ye have beeing heard to railon you my lord for i now his judge
	layer_8: more than this yoe have been heard to railon you my lord for am now his judge
	layer_10: more than this ye hath been heard to railong you my lord for am now his judge
	layer_12: more than this ye hath been heard to railong you my lord for am now his judge

file: 7697-105817-0001.flac
expected: judge thy just doom would be to die on the spot still let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_2: jut thigeous doom would be to di on the spot step letis hear what thol hasto say
	layer_4: jud thdgjust doom would be to dorri on the spot stop let is here what thou has tor say
	layer_6: jod th ust doom would be to dary on the spot stowp let us here what thou has to say
	layer_8: jot th gust doom would be to dirry on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_10: jog th gest doom would be to diry on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say
	layer_12: jog thy gest doom would be to diry on the spot stoop let us hear what thou hast to say

file: 7697-105817-0002.flac
expected: then the judge to sum up the case spoke thus you see this man who has made such a stir in our town
	layer_2: then the jugh to some of the cangs speke dthes you seev ous maen who hasd made stuch a stury nou r cown
	layer_4: then the judge to some of the cangs spoke this you' seeveis man who has made such a sturing nou rtown
	layer_6: then the judge to some of the kangs spoke thars you seevehis man who has made such a sturring nawrdtown
	layer_8: then the judge to some of the kings spoke this you' see his man who has made such a stirring naurdtown
	layer_10: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thes youl see his man who hat made such a stirring nawrtown
	layer_12: then the judge to some of the kings spoke thes you see this man who hath made such a stirring nawrktown

file: 7697-105817-0003.flac
expected: thus while one lost his life for the truth a new man rose from his death to tread the same way with christian
	layer_2: thus while wene not his lik oarttuth and new manm ros from his dearth the trarba sayme way wath quistion
	layer_4: thus whi wene nost his like boar ha uth a new man rose from his death the trabar same way with quistion
	layer_6: thus why wene nost his larkeor e thruth a new man rose from his death the trabrs same way with quistian
	layer_8: thus whil wene not his lake porth truth a new man rose from his death the trab rs same way with churistian
	layer_10: thus while wen not his lik for the truth a new man rose from his death the trab as same way with christian
	layer_12: thus while wen not his lik for the truth a new man rose from his death the trab as same way with christian

file: 7697-105817-0004.flac
expected: come good hopeful said christian let us walk on the grass
	layer_2: comn gudheldful si creshihim leters warkc on the rass
	layer_4: com god held folr said crishim latters wark on the gras
	layer_6: calm good heldful said criham letters walk on the grass
	layer_8: came good helpful said crisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_10: come good help ful said crisham let us walk on the grass
	layer_12: come good help ful said krisham let us walk on the grass

file: 7697-105817-0005.flac
expected: so they set off through the field
	layer_2: so e setof trour the fems
	layer_4: so vey sat of through th femd
	layer_6: so ve sat o through te femd
	layer_8: so vhey sat off hrough the fimd
	layer_10: so they set off through the fiend
	layer_12: so they set off through the field

file: 7697-105817-0006.flac
expected: hopeful i had my fears from the first and so gave you a hint christian good friend i grieve that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_2: hofor i had my fears frome the firsd and so gave e wa hint friston gi frend i re dhat our have brugtthu out o the rit ath
	layer_4: hupefor i had my fears from the first and sol gave you ware hint cristen gia friend i griv that iu hav broughtsho out of the righe halth
	layer_6: hubefor i hade my fears from the first and so gave you a hit christian god friend i grived hat i have broughtc youe out of the rigte path
	layer_8: hupfor i hade my fears from the first and so gave you a hat christian good friend i griped that i hath brought you out of the right path
	layer_10: hope for i have my fears from the first and so gave you a heat christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path
	layer_12: hope for i have my fears from the first and so gave you a heat christian good friend i grieved that i have brought you out of the right path

file: 7697-105817-0007.flac
expected: hopeful say no more no doubt it is for our good
	layer_2: oful sayn  mor no dout it is for ouagoot
	layer_4: owfur sayin a more no doubth it is for ourgoode
	layer_6: ofo sayngo more no doubt it is for ourgouds
	layer_8: hopo say no more no doubt it is for our goos
	layer_10: hopo say no more no doubt it is for ourgood
	layer_12: hofho say no more no doubt it is for ourgood

file: 7697-105817-0008.flac
expected: christian we must not stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_2: hrochon were y must no sten thus leas straido gld bag
	layer_4: prchan were he must now stend thus let us trie togo bag
	layer_6: pruchan wer you must now stand thus let us try to go bag
	layer_8: pruchan where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_10: pruchin where you must now stand thus let us try to go back
	layer_12: pruchin where you must now stand thus let us try to go back

file: 7697-105817-0009.flac
expected: then said giant despair you have no right to force your way in here the ground on which you lie is mine
	layer_2: dhen se trind dispar tyo  have lo rwte of forthal waykim her the ground owng which you l is mng
	layer_4: then sat trined despar  you have lo write of forcual wakeing here the ground on which you ly is myng
	layer_6: then set tryin despair you have no right of fortiual wakin her the ground on which you lie is myin
	layer_8: then sept trying despair you have no right of forcyoul waging here the ground on which you lie is myne
	layer_10: then set trying despair you have no right tof force your waging here the ground on which you lie is myne
	layer_12: then set trying despair you have no right tof force your waging here the ground on which you lie is mine

file: 7697-105817-0010.flac
expected: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fault
	layer_2: they had not mish to say as bee knewd tha they wering fous
	layer_4: the had not much to say as be knew thathey wereing fourt
	layer_6: the had not much to say as bee knew that they were infort
	layer_8: they had not much to say as bhey knewed that they were in forht
	layer_10: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fourt
	layer_12: they had not much to say as they knew that they were in fort

file: 7697-105817-0011.flac
expected: and by this act we kill our souls as well
	layer_2: and by dosack wit culour sols as well
	layer_4: and by vesact wich culour sos as well
	layer_6: and by tisack icculour sos as well
	layer_8: and by visac wicule our souls as well
	layer_10: and by visac we culle our sols as well
	layer_12: and by visac we cule our soves as well

file: 7697-105815-0000.flac
expected: he now went on till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this he did two or three times
	layer_2: he now wentong to he came to the hous and ha dor wheic he was t o nok this itit to or fret tons
	layer_4: he now when tong to he kem to the housed hand ha dorf which he was to nok this it it two or freet tomes
	layer_6: he now when tonge to he ceme to the house at the door of which he was to nock this ited two or fre toms
	layer_8: he now went tong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this e ded two or tre times
	layer_10: he now went ong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this etdid two or three times
	layer_12: he now went ong till he came to the house at the door of which he was to knock this e id two or three times

file: 7697-105815-0001.flac
expected: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_2: ghristin i have tome tosi led good man of the hous
	layer_4: gristin i have come to se t e good man of the house
	layer_6: gristan i have come to see a good man of the house
	layer_8: cristian i have come to see ta good man of the house
	layer_10: christian i have come to see the good man of the house
	layer_12: christian i have come to see the good man of the house

file: 7697-105815-0002.flac
expected: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to mount zion
	layer_2: criston sir i anm comfrom the cidy of thiesuption and a a my way t monsme
	layer_4: thriston sir i am come from the city of the stuption and em a my way tmontsiune
	layer_6: thristan sir i am come from the city of destruption and am o my way to monksiun
	layer_8: christran sir i am come from the city of destruption and am on my way to monallan
	layer_10: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to monsaien
	layer_12: christian sir i am come from the city of destruction and am on my way to monsaen

file: 7697-105815-0003.flac
expected: i was told by the man that stands at the gate that if i came here you would show me good things that would help me
	layer_2: i was stod by vthe man thi stans of e gate that hat fi chim her you shi me goothings bat wuld holt me
	layer_4: i was stoed by the men the stands af the gate that it fi came here you it shill mak goutlhings bat would helt me
	layer_6: i wilsl stoed by the men the stands a the gate that if i came here you il shelwl me good things that would help me
	layer_8: i was stowed by the men that stands at the gate that if ii came her you ul show me good things that would help me
	layer_10: i was stowed by the men that stands at the gate that if i came here you w show me good things that would help me
	layer_12: i was stowed by the men that stands at the gate that if i come here you  show me good things that would help me

file: 7697-105815-0004.flac
expected: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold hung near his head
	layer_2: he stood as in he would lefur men and a croun o god haln near he s had
	layer_4: he stod as i he would clefor men and a crown of god ham ear hes herd
	layer_6: he stood as if he would plefor men an a crown of god hal near he's heard
	layer_8: he stood as if he would plead for men and a crown of gold ha near he's heard
	layer_10: he stod as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold ha near he's heard
	layer_12: he stood as if he would plea for men and a crown of gold har near he's heard

file: 7697-105815-0005.flac
expected: christian what does this mean
	layer_2: critin whaed thisis man
	layer_4: curistion what this ths mean
	layer_6: christian what thois this men
	layer_8: christian what dos this mean
	layer_10: christian what does this mean
	layer_12: christian what does this mean

file: 7697-105815-0006.flac
expected: then he took him to a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swept and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_2: then he too hed to a lartroom that woas fold of dust for id had noping swlept and inteperder totis mand to sweepedt
	layer_4: then he took hid to a lartroom that was fall of dust for it had not ping swapt and interpreder told hist mand ho sweeped
	layer_6: then he took him to a large room that was fall of dust for it had not beeng swappt and interpreter told hist man to sweeped
	layer_8: then he took himto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swappet and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_10: then he took himto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swapt and interpreter told his man to sweep it
	layer_12: then he took himto a large room that was full of dust for it had not been swapt and interpreter told this man to sweep it

file: 7697-105815-0007.flac
expected: christian what means this
	layer_2: criston what mian s thish
	layer_4: qristim what means tes
	layer_6: gristam what means tes
	layer_8: christian what means these
	layer_10: christian what means these
	layer_12: christian what means these

file: 7697-105815-0008.flac
expected: then you next saw the maid come in to lay the dust so is sin made clean and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_2: then you tat sawrt ma come min to latedost so hi sem ma clain and laytd lo by fat  inthe woook
	layer_4: ther you nat sart mad com meg to lade dust so he seem may cling and late low by fath in the book
	layer_6: the you nat sort made come ing to lat e dust so he seeme made cling and laid low by faith in the book
	layer_8: the unat sot made come in to ladey dust so he seemed mad cling and laid low by faith in the boook
	layer_10: the eunat sat mad come ing to lady dust so he seemed made cling and laid low by faith in the bok
	layer_12: the eunat sot mad comeing to lady dust so he seemed made cling and laid low by faith in the bok

file: 7697-105815-0009.flac
expected: just as christian came up to the cross his load slid from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_2: just ask trestion cemeop to dte crouse haslode sea fromn is bat los to demowte the tom wherit felling and i sowit no mare
	layer_4: just ask trestion cam up to the crouse hes lowd slae from his bak clos to themous of the tum where it feling and  ia sawit  no more
	layer_6: just ask tristian came up to the crows a slowdslayve from his back clos to the mouth of the tumb where it felling and i saw it no more
	layer_8: just ask christian came up to the crows he slo slaved from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_10: just as christian came up to the crows he sloed slifd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more
	layer_12: just as christian came up to the crows he sloed sliffd from his back close to the mouth of the tomb where it fell in and i saw it no more

file: 7697-105815-0010.flac
expected: as he stood thus and wept lo three bright ones came to him and one of them said peace be to thee thou hast grace from thy sins
	layer_2: as he stood thosan wopt lo thore bot ans canthim and one of them said hespeeto the thou haskt grihe brone thyi sings
	layer_4: as he stooed those and wept lo three brightils kan to him and one of them said phiespe to the thou hask griaes from thy sings
	layer_6: as he stoood thos in wept lo three broghtwhilese can to hem and one of them sad e speto thee thou hath grease from thy sines
	layer_8: as he stod thus and wept lo three brogd wiles came to him and one of them sad peae be to thee thou hath grisht from thy sings
	layer_10: as he stood thus and wept lo three brod wils came to him and one of them sad peace be to thee thou hast griached from thy sings
	layer_12: as he stood thus and wept lo three brod wils came to him and one of them sad peace be to thee thou hast griached from thy sings

file: 7697-105815-0011.flac
expected: christian gave three leaps for joy and sang as he went ah what a place is this blest cross blest tomb
	layer_2: tristion giv freelyp's for ja and sen as he went a hat a plas hous pis blast cros blest ton
	layer_4: tcwistian gave re lepes for jo and sen as he went ah what af plas hes phis blast cras blest toon
	layer_6: cristian gave three leaps for jo and sen as he went ah what a playse hisfis blast crass blast toun
	layer_8: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a playse is tis blast craws blast tun
	layer_10: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plays is this blast crows blast tune
	layer_12: christian gave three leaps for joy and sen as he went ah what a plase is this blast cross blast tun

file: 7697-105815-0012.flac
expected: he went on thus till he came to a vale where he saw three men who were in a sound sleep with chains on their feet
	layer_2: he wen tan thes to he cam to a vea whered he self re men who wryn a somnsleep wit chan s on te  fet
	layer_4: he wentonme this to he ceme to ava where i he selfre men who were in a son sleep with chanson the oufeet
	layer_6: he went om thus tol he came to a vel where hi saf rymen who were in a sun sleep with chans on the ofeet
	layer_8: he went on thus till he came to a vel where his soltrey men who were in a sun sleep with chains on the ofet
	layer_10: he went on thus till he came to a vel where his sophery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the ofete
	layer_12: he went on thus till he came to a vel where his sophery men who were in a sound sleep with chains on the ofete

file: 7697-105815-0013.flac
expected: christian sirs whence come you and where do you go
	layer_2: criston sirce ben's coam biu and ware to oa go
	layer_4: crishtan sirse wen's com ou and werei ty a go
	layer_6: cristan siarch wencs come you and where to lago
	layer_8: christian siarce bence combu and where do ago
	layer_10: christian sirch wencs combu and where doago
	layer_12: christian sirch wens combu and where do ago

file: 7697-105815-0014.flac
expected: formalist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of vain glory and are on our way to mount zion for praise
	layer_2: fr matst and polcpercsy we rebor ing the lende flain lory and aurown now wat moun din for pras
	layer_4: for matesed and popersy we reborning the lend of fain glory and our ownou way to moun dine for pras
	layer_6: for maest and pocrecy we wreborning the lend o fan glory and our ow ow wey to mountdin for praise
	layer_8: for maddest and hypocrisy we wereborn in the land of fainglory and our o nour way to mount din for praise
	layer_10: for maddest and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fanglory and our on our way to mountdine for praise
	layer_12: for maddist and hypocrisy we were born in the land of fanglory and our own our way to mont dine for praise

file: 7697-105815-0015.flac
expected: know you not that he that comes not in at the door but climbs up to get in the same is a thief
	layer_2: no eou not that he that coms noting t at e dor bhu clamsu to getting the sayme masher thefe
	layer_4: no you not that he that coms not in that a dor but clamsep to getting the same mas ar thieve
	layer_6: nor you not that he that comes not inat ador but clamsup to getting the same as a thive
	layer_8: no yo not that he that comes not in at ador but clumps up to getting the same as a thieve
	layer_10: no you not that he that comes not in at ador but clims up to getting the same as a thief
	layer_12: no you not that he that comes not in at ador but clims up to getting the same as a thief

file: 7697-105815-0016.flac
expected: they told christian that he had no need for care on that score for long use had made it law and they could prove that it had been so for years
	layer_2: the tol cquistion that h had nonly forcare on thestor for non us had made lw and theycoud prv dhat hap bein sovr ars
	layer_4: the told quistion that he had knonly forcare on thescor for long us havd made law and they could proved that had beeng silfer years
	layer_6: the told quistian that he had nonly forcare on descor for along uws had made a law and they could proved that he had been silfer years
	layer_8: they told churistian that he had nonly forcareon descore for a long us had made a law and they could prove that he had been silver years
	layer_10: they told christian that he had nonly forcare on descore for long us had made a law and they could prove that he had been silver years
	layer_12: they told christian that he had only forcare on descore for long eas had made a law and they could prove that e had been silver years

file: 7697-105815-0017.flac
expected: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_2: yes said thing no doutov et
	layer_4: yes said theyng no dot of it
	layer_6: yes said then no dot of it
	layer_8: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_10: yes said they no doubt of it
	layer_12: yes said they no doubt of it

file: 7697-105815-0018.flac
expected: and if we get in the road at all pray what are the odds
	layer_2: and if we getting tho rot et l tra wat ur thyouts
	layer_4: and if we getting the grot at all pray what or the ots
	layer_6: and if we getting the groat at all pray what are theyas
	layer_8: and if we getting the roat at all pray what are the os
	layer_10: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ots
	layer_12: and if we're getting the roat at all pray what are the ots

file: 7697-105815-0019.flac
expected: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_2: snot oa rocasusgou tasturs
	layer_4: snot ouroccase as go tas yours
	layer_6: s not our case as good ask yours
	layer_8: is not our case as good as yours
	layer_10: s not our case as good as yours
	layer_12: is not our case as good as yours

file: 7697-105815-0020.flac
expected: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the hill of difficulty where there was a spring
	layer_2: i sale den that the al ent on to they cimt e fud evf the hear  odifcoty whayere they was aroe
	layer_4: i sa tdend that the all wint on tyo they cim to the food of the hear t of diffcouty wheyre theye was aspruem
	layer_6: i sawv then that they all wentom ti they cem to the food of the hear of difficoty wher there was a spreme
	layer_8: i saw then that they all went on til they came to the foood of the herel of difficulty where there was a sprem
	layer_10: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the her ot difficulty where there was a sprem
	layer_12: i saw then that they all went on till they came to the foot of the her ot difficulty where there was a sprem

file: 7697-105815-0021.flac
expected: now when christian got as far as the spring of life he drank of it and then went up the hill
	layer_2: now wenquistion gaut as pris asproin oflovfe he trentobet and then went ofe t he
	layer_4: now wenquistion gat as par ais a sproin of flive he drengofit and then wonte oft hou
	layer_6: now when quistian got as far as the sproin of flivfe he drenthovit and then went ob hue
	layer_8: now when chuistian god as far as the sprain of flive he drenk of it and then went up hugh
	layer_10: now when christian got as far as the sprin of live he drenk of it and then went upth hugh
	layer_12: now when christian got as far as the sprain of live he drenk of it and then went up th hugh

file: 7697-105815-0022.flac
expected: now half way up was a cave made by the lord of that hill that those who came by might rest there
	layer_2: now hapf wut wasaccav mat bydn ldod of that h that thous who cin by myt rest fere
	layer_4: now half weod was occave mate by den lord of that ho that thouse who came by math rest ver
	layer_6: now half weut was a cave made by the lord of that hu that those who came by mat restvere
	layer_8: nowa half way ut was a cave made by the lord of that hu that those who came by mat respere
	layer_10: now a halfway up was a cave made by the lord of that hugh that those who came by met resper
	layer_12: now a half way up was a cave made by the lord of that huh that those who came by met respere

file: 7697-105815-0023.flac
expected: timorous said that zion was the hill they meant to climb but that when they had got half way they found that they met with more and more risk so that great fear came on them and all they could do was to turn back
	layer_2: timer sad that ing was te ho the men to clo bu that win ley had got ha wy they foune that they met with more and mortis so d atq reed feari cimm onten and o the co do was to tror bat
	layer_4: timor sat that zown was pa he they men to clog but that wenley had gone half o they foumed that they met with more and mortisk sol denkguit feri cim on ten and ol they coulddo was t tm bak
	layer_6: timor sat that zawi was perhu they mean to clag but that winley had gone half way they found that they met with more and morris sol daquat fear com on den and all they coulddo was to tom bak
	layer_8: timmeror sad that dawn was ferhe they meant to clomg but that winley had gone half way they found that they met with more and mor risk sol dagreat fear cam ondhen and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_10: timmers sad that dain was for he they meant to clong but that when they had gone half way they found that they met with more and more risk sol da great fear came on den and all they could do was to trn back
	layer_12: timmers sad that dain was for he they meant to clong but that when they had gone half way they found that they met with more and more risk sol da great fear cameon den and all they could do was to turn back

file: 7697-105815-0024.flac
expected: yes said mistrust for just in front of us there lay two beasts of prey in our path we knew not if they slept or not but we thought that they would fall on us and tear our limbs
	layer_2: yes said mistrursd for  just in fromteavus beyre lay to betes of cran owr pavf woul ne noti thei snect or  noud but we though that theybwueld foled ans and torow legs
	layer_4: yes saidh mistrust for acust in fromte us bearlay two beats of creain our pavt weu kno noty they s nuptor onod but we thaugh that they would fallerencs end tyrou lis
	layer_6: yes saidthe miscrust for cust infronta us bear lay two beats of crayn our ath we knew not if they snactronod but we though that they would faller thens and tyrou limbs
	layer_8: yes saidte mistrust for chust in front of us bearelay two beasts of crayn our path we knew not if they snapd r onad but we thought that they would fallon thes and ter our liambs
	layer_10: yes said the mistrust for chust in front of us bere lay two beasts of pray in our path we knew not if they snaped runaud but we thought that they would fall on thes and ter our liams
	layer_12: yes said the mistrust for chust in front of us bere lay two beasts of cray in our path we knew not if they snaped runaud but we thought that they would fall on thes and ter our liambs

file: 7697-105815-0025.flac
expected: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the men and then he felt in his cloak for his scroll that he might read it and find some peace
	layer_2: yed he thoght once mord tho wat he ha heared fon the men and then he fout ing histeut for hisgrod that he myt reded and fonsome pes
	layer_4: yetd he thought once mored o what he had hered fron the man and then he fout ing hiscet for his s growd that he moght readed in fin i some pes
	layer_6: yet he thought once more o what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coap for his scrow that he might readed in fin itsome peas
	layer_8: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his cot for his crow that he might read it and find in some peace
	layer_10: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his coat for his cro that he might read it and findi some peace
	layer_12: yet he thought once more of what he had heard from the man and then he felt in his cloat for his croa that he might read it and find i some peace

file: 7697-105815-0026.flac
expected: he felt for it but found it not
	layer_2: hesfl fred bu soun ed nok
	layer_4: hesele for id but soundted nat
	layer_6: who sell for id but sound tad not
	layer_8: he felt for it but soundet not
	layer_10: he felt for it but sounded not
	layer_12: he felt for it but sounded not

file: 7697-105815-0027.flac
expected: so he fell down on his knees to pray that god would give him grace for this act and then went back to look for his scroll
	layer_2: so he fou don on his nese to pra that dod wilh if en greaceful bhis apt and then wund bat te luoke for hscrod
	layer_4: so he fel dong on his nese to pra that god would gif en graefule bisapt and them when bacter loook for h scrod
	layer_6: so he fell dane on his knees to pravde that god would give hin graceful bisact and then when batc to luok for his crowb
	layer_8: so he fell don on his knees to prave that god would give him graceful bisact and then went bat to luok for his crobe
	layer_10: so he fell down on his knees to prae that god would give him graceful bis act and then went back to luke for his crobe
	layer_12: so he fell down on his knees to prae that god would give him graceful bis act and then went back to luk for his crobe

file: 7697-105815-0028.flac
expected: oh fool that i am said he to sleep in the day time so to give way to the flesh as to use for ease that rest which the lord of the hill had made but for the help of the soul
	layer_2: ho fo that  n seiti to sli ing the dayt tim so a ge fai t o the flashus to yuse per ese that reat whichd lord of fo he hat maide but ford helw oth the son
	layer_4: ho for that our in sa ing to sliping the day time so to ga foit to the flash as to use fore yease that rest which lord of fah hat made but ford howp it the son
	layer_6: o for that i an said hi to sleping the day time so t gave fai to the flash as to use for yease that reath which lorda fahuwg hat made but ford help at the son
	layer_8: o for that i am said he to sliping the day time so toit give aig to the flesh as to use for yeas that reth which lord afhuug hae made but for helph of the soun
	layer_10: o for that i am said he to sleeping the day time so they gave waigt to the flesh as to use for yeas that reth which lord afheugh hath made but for help of the son
	layer_12: o for that i am said he to sleeping the day time so they gave waigt to the flesh as to use for yease that reth which lord ofhegh hath made but for help of the son

file: 7697-105815-0029.flac
expected: such was the lot of the jews for their sin they were sent back by the way of the red sea and i am made to tread those steps with grief which i might have trod with joy had it not been for this sleep
	layer_2: suh woaste loedt otd the djus for thirasimg they were sent bat bid way a the bat see and i im mate trae thoa staps with gree which in man have trom with jy had id not beeg for thisle
	layer_4: surch was e laved af the jes for their sing they were sent back bid wayf bhe grat se and i am made tre thohe staps with greef which imn mon have trung with jy had id not be for thistlevf
	layer_6: such was te loved of the jews for theirsi they were sent back bied way of thugrat sea and i am made tre thoe staps with grieve which i min have trunk with joy had it not be for this leev
	layer_8: such was the lat of the jews for ther sene they were sent back bydth way of tugrasci and i am made trey those steps with grieve which i might have trunk with joy had it not been for this leav
	layer_10: such was the lot of the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of the grasci and i am madeo trea those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for thi leave
	layer_12: such was the lot of the jews for their scene they were sent back by the way of thu raci and i am made o tread those steps with grieve which i might have drunk with joy had it not been for this sleave

file: 7697-105815-0030.flac
expected: how far might i have been on my way by this time
	layer_2: ho frmn i half being o my wha by this tine
	layer_4: ho farmant i half being o my wit by this time
	layer_6: ho farmand i hae t being on my wait by this time
	layer_8: how far and i have te being on my way by this time
	layer_10: how far and i have  being on my way by this time
	layer_12: how far mand i have  being on my way by this time

file: 7697-105815-0031.flac
expected: now by this time he had come to the vale once more where for a spell he sat down and wept but at last as he cast a sad glance at the foot of the bench he saw his scroll which he caught up with haste and put in his cloak
	layer_2: now by vistoime he had come to ta ve wancs more wher her forstpel hie said ding wt bot at lnaset as he cace a set lans at foot ovfd the bengeh the so hisor which he cadhet with hasd and putlingd his plok
	layer_4: now by thistime he had come to the va once more where er for ebell he said din wet but at last as he case e stet glans ada foode of the benge he saw hisro which he caglht et with hasd and putding his clok
	layer_6: now by this time he had come to the vel ence more wherrefor spell he said d in quat but at last as he catstet glends at a fod of the bench he saw hi stro which he caught it with haste and putting his cloku
	layer_8: now by this time he had come to the vel once more wherre forespell he sat dow in out but at last as he castastat glence a the foot of the bench he saw his srow which he caught it with haste and putting his clog
	layer_10: now by this time he had come to the vel once more where for spell he sat down in cuout but at last as he cast astet glance at the foot of the bench he saw his trow which he caught it with haste and putt ing his clug
	layer_12: now by this time he had come to the vele once more where for spell he sat down in coout but at last as he cast astet glance at the foot of the bench he saw his trow which he caught it with haste and putt in his clug

file: 7697-105815-0032.flac
expected: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his scroll
	layer_2: worers arto wed to tel thejoliofe christion when he hat got ba hi s wro
	layer_4: wores ar to week to tll the joy of christion when he had gut bat his rod
	layer_6: wors are to week to tell the joy of christian when he had got bat his rol
	layer_8: wors are too wek to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his ro
	layer_10: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his ro
	layer_12: words are too weak to tell the joy of christian when he had got back his rob

file: 7697-105815-0033.flac
expected: he laid it up in the breast of his coat and gave thanks to god
	layer_2: he ladeda in the brust orf his pot and ge tengs to gor
	layer_4: he ladedagh in the brosed of his poad and ga thangs togard
	layer_6: he laid ed uch in the brust of his cod and geve thanks to gad
	layer_8: he laid it uf in the brust of his code and give thanks to god
	layer_10: he laid it up in the brust of his code and gave thanks to god
	layer_12: he laid it up in the brust of his code and gave thanks to god

file: 7697-105815-0034.flac
expected: with what a light step did he now climb the hill
	layer_2: whort wat a l stect ted he now clame the h
	layer_4: with what a lihstactted he know clamd the ho
	layer_6: with what a li ttap did he now clam the hu
	layer_8: with what a ligta did he now clam the hug
	layer_10: with what a lighstat did he now clamb the hue
	layer_12: with what a lighstat did he now clamb the hue

file: 7697-105815-0035.flac
expected: ah thought he these beasts range in the night for their prey and if they should meet with me in the dark how should i fly from them
	layer_2: ha thogh hen these bet srenting the ni for their pr and  they should meet with meng de dod holforid i liv fonden
	layer_4: hah thogh he these behsrenging the night for their pre and e they should met with mened dared heltored i fliv fom themn
	layer_6: hah thoughhe these beath sreanging the night for their pry and if they should meet with meand  darg helthould i flye from them
	layer_8: hah though he these beaths ranging the night for their pry and if they should meet with me and dar hel should i fly from them
	layer_10: ha thought he these beasts ranging the knight for their pry and if they should meet with me and darg how should i fly from them
	layer_12: ha thought he these beats ranging the night for their prey and if they should meet with me and darg how should i fly from them

file: 7697-105815-0036.flac
expected: the name of the man who kept the lodge of that house was watchful and when he saw that christian made a halt as if he would go back he came out to him and said is thy strength so small
	layer_2: the nam of th men who kept the lage of tha hous was wat for and when he sal he priston mate heald as if he wol goo back hecame outo hime hindsat is bistrin sos mor
	layer_4: the name of the men who kept the loge of that hous was watfor and when he sa er pristiron made held as if he would go bak he came ou to hime in sat is vistren sil s mor
	layer_6: the name of the men who kept the lordge of that hous was wat for and when he saw their fristran made a healrd as if he would goo back be came outo him and sat iis by strend sels more
	layer_8: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was what for and when he saw ther christran made a heard as if he would go back be came out to him and sat it is by stren soles more
	layer_10: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was wat for and when he saw that christian made a held as if he would go back he come out to him and sat it is by strend solvs more
	layer_12: the name of the men who kept the lodge of that house was what for and when he saw that christrian made a held as if he would go back he come out to him and sat it is by strend sulvs more

file: 7697-105815-0037.flac
expected: fear not the two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and are put here to try the faith of those that have it and to find out those that have none
	layer_2: fer not be to wive beste fore they oeraboun by jhings and ar cot eridy tyte fa thof thos bet hapet and to fynou dhoes bet hat non
	layer_4: fear  knort be two wio best for they are bound by changs and ur cout erte chit o fa thof those bat happit and to fi now those bat hath knong
	layer_6: fearnnort be two wid beasts for they are bound by chans and or cout hiri ytrid ta fathe of those bath habit and to fin now those bat heath knong
	layer_8: fear ad nat be two wild beasts for they are bound by changs and ar couod herei etri ha faith of those bat habit and to find ou those bhat heth knon
	layer_10: fear a naught thu two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and aure cod here detry a faith of those bad habit and to find out those that hath gnon
	layer_12: fear a naught thu two wild beasts for they are bound by chains and aure cood here de try a faith of those bat habit and to find out those that hath non

file: 7697-105815-0038.flac
expected: keep in the midst of the path and no harm shall come to thee
	layer_2: kep en the mistef the pah and lo han sha contovhy
	layer_4: kep in the mistef the path and no harm shir cometovi
	layer_6: kep in the mister of the path and no harms shie com teve
	layer_8: keep in the mistr of the path and no harm shall com ti ven
	layer_10: keep in the mist of the path and no harm shall come to vene
	layer_12: keep in the minst of the path and no harm shall come to vene

file: 7697-105815-0039.flac
expected: then i saw in my dream that still he went on in great dread of the wild beasts he heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stood in front of the lodge where watchful dwelt
	layer_2: the ni sowing my tre that ste he beent oning gray rat atf the wie bes h hoar the gr yet theyted t he no harm ur when he had gon by then he wenton ith joy to he cam and stolling frondot the lot wey ard wat fol god
	layer_4: the ni sawwing my dren that steaw he bnt oning gray drad of the wid beas e heared them gror yet theyded to hem no harm but when he had gon by themn he went on with joy to hed came and stillhing frond of the lod we red watch woll god
	layer_6: the ni sawwing my dream that stial he bent on in greay dread of the wide bease e heard them gror yet theydid hem no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do et came and stiloling front of the lodge whe rd watchwol gird
	layer_8: the knight sawing my dream that steal he went on in greay dread of the wide beasts e heard them roarl yet they did heim no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy do he came and stoll in front of the lodge where had watchful gid
	layer_10: the knight sawing my dream that steal he went on in grea dread of the wid beasts i heard them roar yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy tll he came and stool in front of the lodge where he watchful god
	layer_12: the knight sawing my dream that steal he went on in grea dread of the wid beasts i heard them roarl yet they did him no harm but when he had gone by them he went on with joy till he came and stool in front of the lodge where he watchful god

file: 7697-105815-0040.flac
expected: christian sir what house is this may i rest here to night
	layer_2: hrston so oa hoautithis ma rest heare donid
	layer_4: friston su what housip this mhay a res here to niht
	layer_6: prisian sir what house it this may ares here to night
	layer_8: christian sir what house if this may arrest here to night
	layer_10: christian sir what house it this may arrest here to night
	layer_12: christian sir what house it this may a rest here to night

file: 7697-105815-0041.flac
expected: when watchful told her why christian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_2: whean watchfo told her wikequis t on had tome ther she said what a shor nan
	layer_4: when wach fol told her whikeuishtiin had come ther she said what as shur name
	layer_6: when watchfol told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_8: when watchfold told her why quistian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_10: when watchfold told her why cristian had come there she said what is your name
	layer_12: when watchfold told her why christian had come there she said what is your name

file: 7697-105815-0042.flac
expected: then christian bent down his head and went with them to the house
	layer_2: thencristenv be dows had and whene with m to hous
	layer_4: then cristrm ben danis had and when with im toot hous
	layer_6: then christram ben da is head and wen with thim to t house
	layer_8: then christian bendas head and went with him to hose
	layer_10: then christian bentda's head and went with thim to house
	layer_12: then christian bent al's head and went with him to house

file: 7697-105815-0043.flac
expected: piety come good christian since our love prompts us to take you in to rest let us talk with you of all that you have seen on your way
	layer_2: hity can go ad cristn seen s ar loa prompses to taye oulin to reset thati s ta with you a four hat shoud have seing on your way
	layer_4: highty came good cristion seens tar lov prompses to take ealing to resed lat is talk with you a for that shoul have seen on your way
	layer_6: highty calm good christian seemns t our love crompses to take heeling to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_8: heighty calm good christian seens t our love prompts us to take healing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_10: heighty come good christian seenks to our love prompts us to take yealing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way
	layer_12: heighty come good christian seinks to our love prompts us to take ealing to rest let us talk with you afor that should have seen on your way

file: 7697-105815-0044.flac
expected: christian with a right good will and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_2: cfrson with a rid go o and i am glat that sher sould asket o me
	layer_4: cision with a rihtd goot oe and i emglad that shi should asket of bme
	layer_6: crisian with a right good wru and i am glad that sho should ask et of me
	layer_8: chrushian with a right good wi and  am glad that syoe should ask it of me
	layer_10: chrushan with a right good e and i am glad that you should ask it of me
	layer_12: chrushian with a right good pe and i am glad that you should ask it of me

file: 7697-105815-0045.flac
expected: prudence and first say what is it that makes you wish so much to go to mount zion
	layer_2: trudencs and firs say walt isve that masiol wishti mucht good man tinme
	layer_4: crudens and first say wat is ive that ma sioul wishtol much d god monktiune
	layer_6: prudencs and first say what is if that may shoud wish toll much t god mokedian
	layer_8: prudence and first say what is if that mashu wish to much togo to mongdaian
	layer_10: prudence and first say what is if that masu wish to much to go to monctaion
	layer_12: prudence and first say what is if that masu wish to much to go to monctaiun

file: 7697-105815-0046.flac
expected: there they say is no death and there i shall dwell with such as love the lord
	layer_2: ther they say is no death and the re i sh af doe with such anst not the lord
	layer_4: there they say is no death and the are i shhave dol with such as loved de lord
	layer_6: there they say is no death and there i sha do with such as loved alord
	layer_8: there they say is no death and there i shall dol with such as lovedte lord
	layer_10: there they say is no death and there i shall dol with such as love e lord
	layer_12: there they say is no death and there i shall due with such as love de lord

file: 7697-105815-0047.flac
expected: charity have you a wife and babes christian yes i have
	layer_2: charty hae byou wiean bavs forso he as i half
	layer_4: charty have you wfe an bavs ctriu yeis i haf
	layer_6: charity have youa wife and baves risu yes i have
	layer_8: charity have your wife and baves chrishu yes i have
	layer_10: charity have you wife and babes crishum yes i have
	layer_12: charity have you wife and babes crishum yes i have

file: 7697-105815-0048.flac
expected: charity and why did you not bring them with you
	layer_2: chariting althe win you not rin then wih you
	layer_4: chariting le winit yu not bring than with you
	layer_6: chariti lowieit you not brin then with you
	layer_8: chariti lowiit you not bring them with you
	layer_10: charity lowadi you not bring them with you
	layer_12: charity lowi di you not bring them with you

file: 7697-105815-0049.flac
expected: but they would not come with me nor have me leave them
	layer_2: te thay would now come with me nor hae me lison
	layer_4: but tey would nowt come with me nor haf me leason
	layer_6: but they would no come with me nor haf me lisen
	layer_8: but they would no come with me nor haf me lisen
	layer_10: but they would not come with me nor have me lisen
	layer_12: but they would not come with me nor have me lisen

file: 7697-105815-0050.flac
expected: thus did christian talk with these friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest in a large room the name of which was peace there he slept till break of day and then he sang a hymn
	layer_2: thust it pfrston tock with this pranstulit rim drk and then heto his rest ing blarge roon t nne of which wast pes there heslat to oywoald breat of day and then he sami hen
	layer_4: thust it cistion talk with his franstuli um dark and then he too his resst in  large roon the nam o which whas peace there hes laped tou break of day and then he sana hin
	layer_6: thus did cuistian talke with his friands tilit room darg and then he too his rest in large room the name of which was pieace there he slapped to you break of day and then he san ahin
	layer_8: thus did christian talk with his friends stilit grom dark and then he took his rest ino a large roon the name of which was peace there he slapped to you break of day and then he sant ahen
	layer_10: thus did christian talk with his friends till it grew dark and then he took his prest into ha large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to you break of day and then he sant ahen
	layer_12: thus did christian talk with his friends till it grew dark and then he took his rest into he large room the name of which was peace there he slapped to you break of day and then he sant ahen

file: 7697-105815-0051.flac
expected: and they brought out the jaw bone of an ass with which samson did such great feats and the sling and stone with which david slew goliath of gath
	layer_2: and they brought out he jon bone of in ask with wheich censon di such wrefhies and the sleng and stoon with which dabbif sluw goudly of of dah
	layer_4: and they brought out a jon bone of an aske with which sensondi such reyfiese and the slean and ston with which dabisle galy o h of datf
	layer_6: and they brought out a jon bone of an as with which senseind is such brapees and the sleain and stone with which davaslew galieth of dafth
	layer_8: and they brought out a jon bon of an ask with which sensand is such brafies and the slin and ston with which divaslew galioth of dat
	layer_10: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which senson is such graeyfees and the slain and stone with which dibislew galiath of dath
	layer_12: and they brought out a jon bone of an ass with which sensend is such greyfees and the slain and stone with which divislew galiath of dath

file: 7697-105815-0052.flac
expected: what is the name of this land said christian
	layer_2: was tan time of tha s lan sef riton
	layer_4: vwatis hen dame of thes len sa ricion
	layer_6: watis the dame of this land said critian
	layer_8: what is the name of this land said crician
	layer_10: what is the name of this land said crichan
	layer_12: what is the name of this land said krischen

file: 7697-105815-0053.flac
expected: then they told him it was immanuel's land
	layer_2: then the toldim it was im manus lend
	layer_4: then the told him it was im manous lend
	layer_6: then they told him it was imanous land
	layer_8: then they told him it was imaniusland
	layer_10: then they told him it was immanius land
	layer_12: then they told him it was immanius land

file: 1255-138279-0000.flac
expected: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_2: it was a night when sorro ma come to the britist without casing any greate sensivin congruty whern with impressible persons love becoms sincistursiness hope sings to mis giving and fath to hope when he ex aecise af memorey tes not stur feedings of regret ad opportunites fo andbition that ha benm past by and and tisipation dos not prompt to entepris
	layer_4: it was anight when sorro maye come to the britest without causing any great cens ofincongruity whern withimpressible persons love becoms silsstucsness hope singsto mis giving and faith to hope when te exurcise of memory does not stur feedings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation dos not prompt to enterprise
	layer_6: it was a night when sorrow maye come to the brightist without causing any great sens of incongruity wheen with impressible persons love becomes solicistersness hope sings to miss giving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and and ticipation does not prompt to enterprisze
	layer_8: it was a knight when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicistousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_10: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise
	layer_12: it was a night when sorrow may come to the brightest without causing any great sense of incongruity when with impressible persons love becomes solicitousness hope sinks to misgiving and faith to hope when the exercise of memory does not stir feelings of regret at opportunities for ambition that have been passed by and anticipation does not prompt to enterprise

file: 1255-138279-0001.flac
expected: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their media of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_2: still to a close observeer they arjust as porceptible the differences that their mediar of mandif estation o lest tright and formiliar tand such well ntho ons as the bersting of the bds o the forl of the lief
	layer_4: still to a closeobserver they are just us perceptable the differencees that their mediar of manifestation ar less trit and farmilia than such werl nom ones as the bursting of the bods or the fol of the lef
	layer_6: still to a close observer they are just as perceptable the differencis that their mediar of manifestation are less trigt and familia than such well know ones as the bursting of the buds orl the fall of the leaf
	layer_8: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their mediar of manifestation are less trit and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_10: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medeor of manifestation are less trite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf
	layer_12: still to a close observer they are just as perceptible the difference is that their medeor of manifestation are less traite and familiar than such well known ones as the bursting of the buds or the fall of the leaf

file: 1255-138279-0002.flac
expected: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if any thing could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_2: heveven ifthin could be darck of than the sky it was the wal and hiv en ifhin could bed gloumiar than the wal hit was the rivo a neh
	layer_4: ev en ithin could be dark of han the sky it was the wall and iv inif hin could be glumiar than the wall it was the river baneath
	layer_6: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomiur than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_8: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_10: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath
	layer_12: if anything could be darker than the sky it was the wall and if anything could be gloomier than the wall it was the river beneath

file: 1255-138279-0003.flac
expected: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_2: and indiscribable succession of dowl blos pupleccing in their regularity sent thir sound with difficlty thhrough the fluthy apas fir
	layer_4: and indiscribable succession of doll blos peplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficuty through the flufthy apospheere
	layer_6: and indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy apospheere
	layer_8: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy amospheere
	layer_10: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere
	layer_12: an indescribable succession of dull blows perplexing in their regularity sent their sound with difficulty through the fluffy atmosphere

file: 1255-138279-0004.flac
expected: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_2: not l after a formt moovet by the brink of the river
	layer_4: not lafter a forma moved by the brink of the river
	layer_6: not lafter a form a moved by the brink of the river
	layer_8: not l after a format moved by the brink of the river
	layer_10: not lng after a form moved by the brink of the river
	layer_12: not long after a form moved by the brink of the river

file: 1255-138279-0005.flac
expected: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_2: this was al that was possit hofuly discoverable therg it seeme d human
	layer_4: this was all that was positove ly discoverable thegh it seemed human
	layer_6: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_8: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_10: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human
	layer_12: this was all that was positively discoverable though it seemed human

file: 1255-138279-0006.flac
expected: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_2: the shape went slowly alon but without much exersion for the snow tho sudden wrs ogt has yet moe then to inches deep
	layer_4: the shape went slowly alo but without much exersion for the snow thog sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_6: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_8: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_10: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep
	layer_12: the shape went slowly along but without much exertion for the snow though sudden was not as yet more than two inches deep

file: 1255-138279-0007.flac
expected: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_2: at this time some words waspoken aloud one
	layer_4: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_6: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_8: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_10: at this time some words were spoken aloud one
	layer_12: at this time some words were spoken aloud one

file: 1255-138279-0008.flac
expected: two three
	layer_2: to thre
	layer_4: to three
	layer_6: two three
	layer_8: two three
	layer_10: two three
	layer_12: two three

file: 1255-138279-0009.flac
expected: four five
	layer_2: fo fi
	layer_4: for figve
	layer_6: for five
	layer_8: four five
	layer_10: four five
	layer_12: four five

file: 1255-138279-0010.flac
expected: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_2: butween each uteranc tha dittle shap advancst about harfid as ne ards
	layer_4: butween each uterence the dittle shape itvancet about halfeed oasn teards
	layer_6: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half arduznyards
	layer_8: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_10: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards
	layer_12: between each utterance the little shape advanced about half a dozen yards

file: 1255-138279-0011.flac
expected: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_2: he rethe spoht stoppt and dwintle smorler
	layer_4: he rether spot stopped and w inddled smallar
	layer_6: he ae ther spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_8: here the spot stopped and dwinled smaller
	layer_10: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller
	layer_12: here the spot stopped and dwindled smaller

file: 1255-138279-0012.flac
expected: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_2: then a mosl of sno fle acrosstherever to wads the fitt th windo
	layer_4: then a morsel of snow flew across the rever towads the fifhth window
	layer_6: then a morsel of snow flew across the rever towards the fifth window
	layer_8: then a mossel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_10: then a morssel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window
	layer_12: then a morsel of snow flew across the river towards the fifth window

file: 1255-138279-0013.flac
expected: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whirlpool
	layer_2: the river would have ben seen by day to be ofthatadeep smoth soult which races midtleansides with the same gligting presision an y iregularitis of speed ben himmeagetcorrected bosmo worple
	layer_4: the river would have been seen by day to be of that a deep smoth sorht which races middleansides with the same gliding procision an e irigularitis of speed beng immegutli corected by smare worlple
	layer_6: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smoth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding procision any irigularities of speed beng immeditely corrected by small worlpool
	layer_8: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same dliding precision any irrigularities of speed being immediately corrected by small wirlpooe
	layer_10: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whorlpool
	layer_12: the river would have been seen by day to be of that deep smooth sort which races middle and sides with the same gliding precision any irregularities of speed being immediately corrected by a small whorpool

file: 1255-138279-0014.flac
expected: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_2: the winovewa struck a ganm in the sae maner
	layer_4: the windorver struck agane in the same manne
	layer_6: the window weas struck a gain in the same manner
	layer_8: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_10: the window was struck again in the same manner
	layer_12: the window was struck again in the same manner

file: 1255-138279-0015.flac
expected: then a noise was heard apparently produced by the opening of the window
	layer_2: then anois was herd aparcla prodused by the openy the window
	layer_4: then a noys was herd a paracly produced by the openey of the window
	layer_6: then an noise was heard aparically produced by the openey of the window
	layer_8: then a noise was heard aparically produced by the openyng of the window
	layer_10: then a noise was heard aparically produced by the openig of the window
	layer_12: then a noise was heard aparically produced by the opening of the window

file: 1255-138279-0016.flac
expected: said the blurred spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_2: said the blard spot in the snow rimilarsly
	layer_4: said the blird spot in the snow tremilously
	layer_6: said the blourd spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_8: said the bloud spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_10: said the blood spot in the snow tremulously
	layer_12: said the blood spot in the snow tremulously

file: 1255-138279-0017.flac
expected: i asked which was your window forgive me
	layer_2: i as weich was your window for give me
	layer_4: i aske which was your window for give me
	layer_6: i akdwhich was your window forgive me
	layer_8: i askd wich was your window forgive me
	layer_10: i askd wicht was your window forgive me
	layer_12: i ask wicht was your window forgive me

file: 1255-138279-0018.flac
expected: well i said that you might
	layer_2: whene i sad the u might
	layer_4: when i said thaet you might
	layer_6: when i said that you might
	layer_8: when i said that you might
	layer_10: wel i said that you might
	layer_12: wenl i said that you might

file: 1255-138279-0019.flac
expected: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_2: ho musti it is wen shall we be married frangk
	layer_4: ho must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_6: o must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_8: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_10: oh must i it is when shall we be married frank
	layer_12: oh must i it is whenc shall we be married frank

file: 1255-138279-0020.flac
expected: i have money
	layer_2: i have monny
	layer_4: i have mony
	layer_6: i have money
	layer_8: i have money
	layer_10: i have money
	layer_12: i have money

file: 1255-138279-0021.flac
expected: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_2: adbe live in two parshes do what then
	layer_4: and we leave in two parshes do what then
	layer_6: and we live in two parishes doe what then
	layer_8: and we live in two parishes do e what then
	layer_10: and we live in two parishes do we what then
	layer_12: and we live in two parishes do we what then

file: 1255-138279-0022.flac
expected: if i said so of course i will
	layer_2: if i sid sil cals i will
	layer_4: if i sait solf couse i will
	layer_6: if i said sorof course i will
	layer_8: if i said so of course i will
	layer_10: if i said so of course i will
	layer_12: if i said so of course i will

file: 1255-138279-0023.flac
expected: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_2: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_4: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_6: the factis i forgot to ask
	layer_8: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_10: the fact is i forgot to ask
	layer_12: the fact is i forgot to ask

file: 1255-138279-0024.flac
expected: good night frank good night
	layer_2: could nive frik gould night
	layer_4: gould nitp frak god might
	layer_6: good night frak good night
	layer_8: goo night frak good night
	layer_10: good night frank good night
	layer_12: good night frank good night

file: 1255-90407-0000.flac
expected: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_2: he hapenothing seeriu s aid havenet to drage her out ot suchan untoward time
	layer_4: he hopes nothing seriousaid hapened to dregeher out o such an unterward time
	layer_6: he hoped nothing serious had happened to dreg her out at such an unterward time
	layer_8: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_10: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time
	layer_12: he hoped nothing serious had happened to drag her out at such an untoward time

file: 1255-90407-0001.flac
expected: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never
	layer_2: but is the ran gave not the theast sine of serssation he abserved i thinkt wech l haveto gobak never
	layer_4: but as the rain gave not the least sine of sesation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_6: but as the rain gave not the least sign of sessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_8: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal have to go back never
	layer_10: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shal hve to go back never
	layer_12: but as the rain gave not the least sign of cessation he observed i think we shall have to go back never

file: 1255-90407-0002.flac
expected: why not he inquired
	layer_2: whinout hin card
	layer_4: why not hin card
	layer_6: why not hincard
	layer_8: why not hincard
	layer_10: why not hinkard
	layer_12: why not hinkard

file: 1255-90407-0003.flac
expected: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_2: i cannot ond destiand how you should no me whil i have no one ige of ou
	layer_4: i cannot understand how you should no me whale i have now onlige of you
	layer_6: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no nowledge of you
	layer_8: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_10: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you
	layer_12: i cannot understand how you should know me while i have no knowledge of you

file: 1255-90407-0004.flac
expected: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_2: a but you no me about meatleast
	layer_4: o but you now me about me at least
	layer_6: o but you know me about me at least
	layer_8: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_10: oh but you know me about me at least
	layer_12: oh but you know me about me at least

file: 1255-90407-0005.flac
expected: i should think so
	layer_2: itud think so
	layer_4: i ould thing so
	layer_6: i should think so
	layer_8: i should think so
	layer_10: i should think so
	layer_12: i should think so

file: 1255-90407-0006.flac
expected: he's my father indeed
	layer_2: he se my father indeed
	layer_4: hes my father indeed
	layer_6: he is my father indeed
	layer_8: heis my father indeed
	layer_10: he's my father indeed
	layer_12: heis my father indeed

file: 1255-90407-0007.flac
expected: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_2: but we have beentenunts of sil vainyaccassl on the ailend har the season
	layer_4: but we hv been tennance of silrvaniar castle on the aslaned here the eason
	layer_6: but we have ben tenants of silvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_8: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_10: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season
	layer_12: but we have been tenants of sylvania castle on the island here this season

file: 1255-90407-0008.flac
expected: my father's is a comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_2: my fa thes isu sicomparulyf thy humble risidancard by
	layer_4: my father's ise sa comparaculively humble risidentce hard by
	layer_6: my fathers is a so compraclively humble risidence hard by
	layer_8: my fathers is a socomparacively humble residence hard by
	layer_10: my father's is a sa comparatively humble residence hard by
	layer_12: my father's is a sa comparatively humble residence hard by

file: 1255-90407-0009.flac
expected: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_2: but he cgold o forht o much bike r wone if he chos
	layer_4: but he could a fourht o much bick a wone if he choes
	layer_6: but he could afforht a much bige one if he chos
	layer_8: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_10: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose
	layer_12: but he could afford a much bigger one if he chose

file: 1255-90407-0010.flac
expected: you have heard so
	layer_2: you adtsi
	layer_4: you've ardsa
	layer_6: you'a pard say
	layer_8: you hae hart si
	layer_10: youhave heard si
	layer_12: youhave heard si

file: 1255-90407-0011.flac
expected: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_2: i doed kno he dusttelmly much of hisofirs
	layer_4: i do't know he desn telme much of his affairs
	layer_6: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_8: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_10: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs
	layer_12: i don't know he doesn't tell me much of his affairs

file: 1255-90407-0012.flac
expected: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_2: my father she berst ot suddney is aoways s coltyng me for iketraviganse
	layer_4: my father she burstd out suddeney is always coldyng me for maetrevigance
	layer_6: my father she burst outsuddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_8: my father she burst out suddenly is always colding me for my extravagance
	layer_10: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance
	layer_12: my father she burst out suddenly is always scolding me for my extravagance

file: 1255-90407-0013.flac
expected: was that this evening
	layer_2: as that thi scivening
	layer_4: was that the s evening
	layer_6: was that this evening
	layer_8: was that this evening
	layer_10: was that this evening
	layer_12: was that this evening

file: 1255-90407-0014.flac
expected: and there on the nets they sat
	layer_2: ther on the nets they sat
	layer_4: there on the nets they sat
	layer_6: theireon the nets they sat
	layer_8: there on the nets they sat
	layer_10: there on the nets they sat
	layer_12: there on the nets they sat

file: 1255-90407-0015.flac
expected: jocelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montagues to this daughter of the capulets
	layer_2: justl in tfort it strange o that he shoul befrome by fatento position to play ther son of he mont oguse to this dargter of the capidits
	layer_4: justl inhort it strange at that he should be throme by fate into r position to play the son of them montegus to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_6: jostle in thougt it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the sunlof the monteuese to this daughter of the capitites
	layer_8: joselyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_10: josselyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidits
	layer_12: joscelyn thought it strange that he should be thrown by fate into a position to play the son of the montaguse to this daughter of the capidits

file: 1255-90407-0016.flac
expected: no i shall go on and get a lodging in budmouth town if ever i reach it
	layer_2: nho i shol go orn and get ar loging in bu oth tiwn of ever i reachit
	layer_4: no i shall go on and get a loging in butpb oth town if ever i reach it
	layer_6: no i shall go on and get a lodging in buboth towne if ever i reach it
	layer_8: no i shall go on and get a lodging in baboth town if ever i reach it
	layer_10: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bab oth town if ever i reach it
	layer_12: no i shall go on and get a lodging in bab oth town if ever i reach it

file: 1255-90407-0017.flac
expected: it is so late that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_2: it is so latof the thet wile benoi hus open a cep to little placsetae the station wre you woent car tor stay
	layer_4: it is so late of the thar will ben no hose open accepto little placeneao ther station wiere you won't care to stay
	layer_6: it is so late of that that will be no house open eccept a little place near the station wire you won't care to stay
	layer_8: it is so late of that there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_10: it is so late tht there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay
	layer_12: it is so latetht there will be no house open except a little place near the station where you won't care to stay

file: 1255-90407-0018.flac
expected: the island was an island still
	layer_2: the ilend was an eiland stil
	layer_4: the island was an iland still
	layer_6: the island was an iseland still
	layer_8: the island was an island still
	layer_10: the island was an island still
	layer_12: the island was an island still

file: 1255-90407-0019.flac
expected: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_2: they had not renized the forse of the an imencs tol now
	layer_4: they had not reanlised the force of the anaments till now
	layer_6: thery had not realized the force of the enoments till now
	layer_8: they had not realized the force of the elaments till now
	layer_10: they had not realized the force of the elements till now
	layer_12: they had not realized the force of the elements till now

file: 1255-90407-0020.flac
expected: he steadied her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_2: he tid id her bodely by in surtling her wast with his armg and she mad no rbjection
	layer_4: he sidet her bodirly a by in circling her waist with his arm and she made noobjection
	layer_6: he staided her bodily by incircling her waiste with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_8: he stended her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_10: he stitted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection
	layer_12: he stitted her bodily by encircling her waist with his arm and she made no objection

file: 1255-90407-0021.flac
expected: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_2: he pit iter and wiled he ond erdatet at mard her determination
	layer_4: he pitither and while he wonded at id admard her determination
	layer_6: he pittit her and while he wandered at it ad mard her determination
	layer_8: he pitid her and while he wondered at it admared her determination
	layer_10: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination
	layer_12: he pitied her and while he wondered at it admired her determination

file: 1255-90407-0022.flac
expected: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_2: theire application for abmission led te to the withth grar of a bolt and they stood within the gaslit of the pssage
	layer_4: theire application for amission led te to the withgrawl of a boat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_6: their application for a mission led to the withdrawl of a boat and they stood within the gastlight of the passage
	layer_8: their application for admission led to the withdrawel of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_10: their application for admission led to the withdraweal of a bolt and they stood within the gaslight of the passage
	layer_12: their application for admission led to the withdrawal of a bolt and they stood within the gas light of the passage

file: 1255-90407-0023.flac
expected: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_2: he could see now the thougshe was such a fined figer qiht ars tarl ers himself she was but in the blom of yung woman hord
	layer_4: he could see now that thogs she was such a fin figar quit as tall ers himself she was but in the bloem of young womanhood
	layer_6: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall ars himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_8: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_10: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood
	layer_12: he could see now that though she was such a fine figure quite as tall as himself she was but in the bloom of young womanhood

file: 1255-90407-0024.flac
expected: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_2: i wolre tl the sevad to do thisond sen ou ups on thy oeeet
	layer_4: i will til the servent to do this n send ou ups on the do eat
	layer_6: i will tell the servant to do this and send you ups on they do eat
	layer_8: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up sonthin to eat
	layer_10: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat
	layer_12: i will tell the servant to do this and send you up something to eat

file: 1255-90407-0025.flac
expected: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_2: he felt raven uslhey hungre himself and set about dryng his lod thi sus wellis he couod and eating otf the same time
	layer_4: he felt revenusly hungry himself and set about drying his clowth tha sas will s he could and eating at the same time
	layer_6: he felt ravenously hungry himself and set about drying his cloth thas as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_8: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothe as as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_10: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time
	layer_12: he felt revenously hungry himself and set about drying his clothes as well as he could and eating at the same time

file: 1255-90407-0026.flac
expected: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contriving to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_2: by the ade or some tempryerapsand somestippers rom the coberd he was contrived to make imself comfrtable when the made serlvand camed anstars wit the dampr armforl l of womanj rament
	layer_4: by the aid of some tempary  rapsand some slippers from the cobord he was contrivedo to make himself comfortable when the made servand camed on stairs with a damp armful of woman's reament
	layer_6: by the aid of some tempoary raps an some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came donstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_8: by the aid of some temporary wrapts and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's rayment
	layer_10: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment
	layer_12: by the aid of some temporary wraps and some slippers from the cupboard he was contrived to make himself comfortable when the maid servant came downstairs with a damp armful of woman's raiment

file: 1255-90407-0027.flac
expected: you are sleepy my girl said pierston
	layer_2: hou wa stlepi my ge said pison
	layer_4: you ware sleep i my gall said pierson
	layer_6: you wae sleep i ma garl said pierson
	layer_8: you will sleep y my girl said pierson
	layer_10: you will sleepy my girl said pierson
	layer_12: you will sleepy my girl said pierson

file: 1255-90407-0028.flac
expected: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the walk
	layer_2: he a gamed becamn consciouss of the chan whic to ben in ashiated jooe the bak
	layer_4: he agan becanme conscious of the chaind which to ben anditiated join the bak
	layer_6: he agained became conscious of the chainge which had been innitiated joing the bok
	layer_8: he again became conscious of the chaing which had been initiated duing the bak
	layer_10: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the bauk
	layer_12: he again became conscious of the change which had been initiated during the bauk

file: 1255-90407-0029.flac
expected: the well beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attire
	layer_2: the welbelovid was movin house had gon over to the wara of thisatar
	layer_4: the worll belveid was moving house had gon over to the waror of this atar
	layer_6: the woll beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this atir
	layer_8: the worl beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_10: the weld beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar
	layer_12: the weld beloved was moving house had gone over to the wearer of this attar

file: 1255-90407-0030.flac
expected: and how about little avice caro
	layer_2: and how bout dit tle eve his carro
	layer_4: and howbout ittle ove is carrow
	layer_6: an habout little ev his carrow
	layer_8: and habout little ehis carow
	layer_10: and haabout little ev's carrow
	layer_12: and a ha about little eve's carow

file: 1255-74899-0000.flac
expected: things arrange themselves
	layer_2: things arange them selves
	layer_4: things aranged themselves
	layer_6: things arrange themselves
	layer_8: things arrange themselves
	layer_10: things arrange themselves
	layer_12: things arrange themselves

file: 1255-74899-0001.flac
expected: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_2: but the contis neve a gave way an ince
	layer_4: but the contis never gave way an inch
	layer_6: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_8: but the cauntess never gave way an inch
	layer_10: but the countess never gave way an inch
	layer_12: but the countess never gave way an inch

file: 1255-74899-0002.flac
expected: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_2: the following was the ansei huch she returnd so the no te ricen to harby ard juliar
	layer_4: the following as the arnser which she returned sod the no to ricten to her by arnd juliar
	layer_6: the following was the answer which she returned so the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_8: the following was the answer which she returned tohthe note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_10: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia
	layer_12: the following was the answer which she returned to the note written to her by aunt julia

file: 1255-74899-0003.flac
expected: i should not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_2: i shoul on'tkor haurd ed grink wime withem and sheud do ar hunder o things whic toal make themthing me a beast
	layer_4: i shol not kow had a drink wie with them and shed do a hundr o things whirch wud make them thing me a beast
	layer_6: i shall not know how o drink whime with them and she do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_8: i shall not know how to drink wine wifh them and should do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_10: i shalld not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred of things which would make them think me a beast
	layer_12: i shalld not know how to drink wine with them and should do a hundred things which would make them think me a beast

file: 1255-74899-0004.flac
expected: but the girl begged for some delay
	layer_2: buot the gard beat for some to day
	layer_4: but the gir beaged for some to day
	layer_6: but the girl begged for some to day
	layer_8: but the girl begged for some today
	layer_10: but the girl begged for sume to day
	layer_12: but the girl begged for some to day

file: 1255-74899-0005.flac
expected: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_2: hit was a matt of the requardt to be considerd
	layer_4: it was a mat of the trequid to be consided
	layer_6: it was a mat of the trequied to be considered
	layer_8: it was a mat orf that required to be considered
	layer_10: it was a matter that required to be considered
	layer_12: it was a matter that required to be considered

file: 1255-74899-0006.flac
expected: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_2: prid in him myght is wek as prid in then
	layer_4: pried in him might be as weak as pried in them
	layer_6: pride in him might be as weak as pright in them
	layer_8: pride in him might be as weak as pright in them
	layer_10: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them
	layer_12: pride in him might be as weak as pride in them

file: 1255-74899-0007.flac
expected: if they would put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_2: if thery wiu put out ther hans to him why should yu rafuse to put hiu his on
	layer_4: evfhery were put ut their hands to him why should he refused to put ho dhis own
	layer_6: if teye werel put out their hands to him why should he refused to put out his own
	layer_8: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_10: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own
	layer_12: if they were put out their hands to him why should he refuse to put out his own

file: 1255-74899-0008.flac
expected: our tailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his client and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_2: arhtae ar receeved in curtiously hadeg learnd to like the man und destan ing that hil had behad with honisty and wisdom in regard to his cland andrespecting im as on of the work as of the day but he de clard that for therlovle familey as af family he did not careforthem paoticully
	layer_4: aur tayla received him curtiously hadhing learned to like the man undestaning that hely had behave with honesty and wisdom inregard to his cland and respectinghim as one of the work as of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for themperticuly
	layer_6: artalor received him courtiously hadving learned to like the man understanding that he he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particuly
	layer_8: artailor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_10: artalor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his claent and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly
	layer_12: ar talor received him courteously having learned to like the man understanding that he had behaved with honesty and wisdom in regard to his clant and respecting him as one of the workers of the day but he declared that for the lovel family as a family he did not care for them particularly

file: 1255-74899-0009.flac
expected: they are poles asunder from me he said
	layer_2: ther r pols ha sand o fom me he said
	layer_4: they arppoles a sander from me he said
	layer_6: they are pols a sander from me he said
	layer_8: theye are poles e sander from me he said
	layer_10: there a pols asander from me he said
	layer_12: ther  pols osander from me he said

file: 1255-74899-0010.flac
expected: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_2: but byyour good fortun a meridivf you il alameto say sa you have trevo from the one pol very fartowa sy other
	layer_4: but by your good fortun a marit if you will alamy to say sa you have trovel from the one pol very far towalshe other
	layer_6: but by your good fortune ae merriat if you will allorw me to say so you have travele from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_8: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have traveled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_10: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other
	layer_12: but by your good fortune and merit if you will allow me to say so you have travelled from the one pole very far towards the other

file: 1255-74899-0011.flac
expected: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_2: a presend i thit thof the seis of the countries an faver of an arist alccrecey of burh
	layer_4: a present i thic thof the sense of the countris in favour of an aristocracy of burth
	layer_6: a present i think t otf the sense of the countriis in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_8: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_10: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth
	layer_12: at present i think that the sense of the country is in favour of an aristocracy of birth

file: 1255-74899-0012.flac
expected: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_2: when you r for mostamonglem tid you not wish to bet heir master
	layer_4: when you were for most among them did you knot wish to be ther master
	layer_6: when you were formost among them did yo not wish to be their master
	layer_8: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_10: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master
	layer_12: when you were foremost among them did you not wish to be their master

file: 1255-74899-0013.flac
expected: it is one to which all legislative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_2: hit is an to itt leg a sitive fa a humen ef at shued and mast tend
	layer_4: it is one to bitjar legusitive an ar human eford shoulod and must tend
	layer_6: it is one to bitjaw legicitive and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_8: it is one to which jaw legicative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_10: it is one to which ww legisative and all human efforts should and must tend
	layer_12: it is one to which w legislative and all human efforts should and must tend

file: 1255-74899-0014.flac
expected: when you make much water boil mister thwaite some of it will probably boil over
	layer_2: wen you mate much wat o bilmis to fat sou thit wle probely bilver
	layer_4: when you make much wat of boil ister thte so thit wil probably boiolover
	layer_6: when you make much water boilo mister threat some thit will probably boil over
	layer_8: when you make much water boil mister thrte someft it will probably boil over
	layer_10: when you make much water boil mister thrt some t it will probably boil over
	layer_12: when you make much water boil mister thret some  it will probably boil over

file: 1255-74899-0015.flac
expected: i quite agree with you that the silk gowns should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_2: i quiht et greavit you that the si gan shol be kep for their eilders and sai the cofvisation mwas ended
	layer_4: i quite a gree with you that the silt gan shul be kept for their elders and sa the confvisation mias ended
	layer_6: i quite agree with you that the silk gans shuld be kept for their ilders and so the confversation was ended
	layer_8: i quite agree with you that the silk gans shuld be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_10: i quite agree with you that the silk gams should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended
	layer_12: i quite agree with you that the silk gams should be kept for their elders and so the conversation was ended

file: 1255-74899-0016.flac
expected: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_2: with her thet was a re al wish thatf the pos map bejinedt to getheur by half ou chu huspened
	layer_4: with her there was a reowish that the poles mip bejoined together by haf u ture husband
	layer_6: with her there was a real wish that the poles might  bejoined together by her future husband
	layer_8: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_10: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband
	layer_12: with her there was a real wish that the poles might be joined together by her future husband

file: 1255-74899-0017.flac
expected: if you really wish it you shall go he said
	layer_2: hive you ready wi sh id you sol go he said
	layer_4: ive you ready wirshe you shaw go he said
	layer_6: if you readly wishi you shall go he said
	layer_8: if you ready wish it you shall go he said
	layer_10: if you readly wish it you shall go he said
	layer_12: if you realy wish it you shall go he said

file: 1255-74899-0018.flac
expected: and a blue one to be married in alas me
	layer_2: and able one to be bardin u as me
	layer_4: and a blu one to be baridin ha asked me
	layer_6: and a blue one to be maridin ul asked me
	layer_8: and a blue one to be marriedin all ask me
	layer_10: and a blue one to be married in ha ask me
	layer_12: and a blue one to be married in ha ask me

file: 1255-74899-0019.flac
expected: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_2: mustiaver pink sil gund to wak about in ari in hemorning
	layer_4: must i have ar pink sil goun to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_6: must i have a pink silt gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_8: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_10: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning
	layer_12: must i have a pink silk gown to walk about in early in the morning

file: 1255-74899-0020.flac
expected: i'd sooner see you darning my worsted stockings sweetheart
	layer_2: i soonas ev dand my worst his tocking this weethart
	layer_4: i soon as eo dawned my worst in stoking th swet eart
	layer_6: id soon ass you dawned my worstin stocking the sweetheart
	layer_8: as soon as you darwned my worstin stocking the sweetheart
	layer_10: as soon as you darned my worsted stocking the sweetheart
	layer_12: as soon as you darned my worsted stocking the sweetheart

file: 1255-74899-0021.flac
expected: i can do that too
	layer_2: i coal' doo't hat to
	layer_4: i coan' do thad to
	layer_6: i can dothat too
	layer_8: i can do that too
	layer_10: i can do that too
	layer_12: i can do that too

file: 1255-74899-0022.flac
expected: and now i'll sit down and write a letter to my lord
	layer_2: andnow l sitton on rit olett the my lod
	layer_4: and now ill sit done an rita et e o my lord
	layer_6: and now ill sit done and rit a letter to my lord
	layer_8: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_10: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord
	layer_12: and now i'll sit down andwrite a letter to my lord

file: 1255-90413-0000.flac
expected: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_2: she dras close anda sat his vis
	layer_4: she draws close and sathis fies
	layer_6: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_8: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_10: she draws close and satisfies
	layer_12: she draws close and satisfies

file: 1255-90413-0001.flac
expected: he could not forget missus pine avon's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_2: he could not forget misus pinaveen's eys thert he remembut a nothing of her otherfaciall detels
	layer_4: he could not forget missus pin aven's eyes therg he remembered anothing of her other facial detells
	layer_6: he could not forget missus pine even's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial detells
	layer_8: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_10: he could not forget missus pineavan's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details
	layer_12: he could not forget missus pineaven's eyes though he remembered nothing of her other facial details

file: 1255-90413-0002.flac
expected: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_2: afte wohod s they kepet upart awilrl in the droying rom for form sake but ioven thouly gravitated s to gether againe and finish the evening ineachother's compiny
	layer_4: afterwards they kipt a part awirle in the drowying room for form sake but aov entally gravitateds to gether again and fhinished the evening in each other's company
	layer_6: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing oom for form sake but ofventually gravitateds together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_8: afterwards they kept apart awhile in the drawing oom for form sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_10: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company
	layer_12: afterwards they kept a part awhile in the drawing room for form's sake but eventually gravitated together again and finished the evening in each other's company

file: 1255-90413-0003.flac
expected: but this was not all
	layer_2: but this was tnot all
	layer_4: but this was not al
	layer_6: but this was not all
	layer_8: but this was not all
	layer_10: but this was not all
	layer_12: but this was not all

file: 1255-90413-0004.flac
expected: but was he able
	layer_2: but wosee able
	layer_4: but was he able
	layer_6: but was he able
	layer_8: but was he able
	layer_10: but was he able
	layer_12: but was he able

file: 1255-90413-0005.flac
expected: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_2: it was on fir togove feirthet without teting her evn tho hi the two such expicitis had not ben apsidecludemanded
	layer_4: it was unfair to gov further without telling her even though hi ther two such explicitisce had not been absilutely demanded
	layer_6: it was unfair to gove further without telling her even though ithertwo such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_8: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_10: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded
	layer_12: it was unfair to go further without telling her even though hitherto such explicitness had not been absolutely demanded

file: 1255-90413-0006.flac
expected: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_2: he dotermente toeccolimea tily on the new in canation
	layer_4: he determente t callimededely on the new inconation
	layer_6: he determined to call immedately on the new incarnation
	layer_8: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_10: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation
	layer_12: he determined to call immediately on the new incarnation

file: 1255-90413-0007.flac
expected: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_2: she l ive not fa from the long fashonable hamtinchusquare and he went the thee with expectations of having ar hilty emotional time atleast
	layer_4: she l ive not far from the long fashionable hamptain shursquare and he went thetheuh with expectations of having a highly amotional time at least
	layer_6: she lived not far from the long fashonable hemptonchor square and he went thitherh with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_8: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshi square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_10: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least
	layer_12: she lived not far from the long fashionable hamptonshire square and he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional time at least

file: 1255-90413-0008.flac
expected: but somehow the very bell pull seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_2: but some how the veat y belpl seem co arl ther she had ser ansthey ast im to com
	layer_4: but some how the veary bellpl seemed col al thugh she had sir earnesetly asked him to come
	layer_6: but somehow the very belpool seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_8: but somehow the very bellpool seemed col although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_10: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come
	layer_12: but somehow the very bellpool seemed cold although she had so earnestly asked him to come

file: 1255-90413-0009.flac
expected: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_2: reasing her eyes n a stlightly inqaring tan of from the bookshe whas reaeting she dlent backin har chire as if soking herself hin lucks serdous sendsations which had nothig to do with him and repliede to his greating with a few comum place words
	layer_4: raising her eyes and a slightly inquaring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soking herself in lucxyourdious sensations which had nothig to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few comomn place words
	layer_6: raising her eyes and a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she lent back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few common place words
	layer_8: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxorious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_10: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words
	layer_12: raising her eyes in a slightly inquiring manner from the book she was reading she leant back in her chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which had nothing to do with him and replied to his greeting with a few commonplace words

file: 1255-90413-0010.flac
expected: just as they turn madeira into port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_2: justho s they turn te deary into porto the space of a single night sa this old ir s beentaken anddocterden tristed abo tom broght iuters ar new popilar dity ind ed
	layer_4: just thes they turn we dear inte port in the space of a single night sad this old r has been taken and doctodan tristed about am brought iut as ar knew popila dity indeed
	layer_6: justas they turnd madeerar inter port in the space of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and tristed about and brought out as a new popular dity indeed
	layer_8: just as they turn madera intor port in the space of a single knight so this old air has been taken and doctored and tristed about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_10: just as they turn madera into port in the space of a single knight so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed
	layer_12: just as they turn madera into port in the space of a single knight so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular ditty indeed

file: 1255-90413-0011.flac
expected: she thawed a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_2: she thourd ulittle and than they wen ton to tok about her heuse which a be neudepanted and decarated withe greeanish blwe sategnup t o the height of a persens ed an arange men that somewort im proved ter slih ly faided thos til pretty face hand as helped by the ornings ever the windowrs
	layer_4: she thought a little and then they went anto tk about her huse which havebe nely painted and decorated with greenish blew sattin up to the height of a persence ed and arangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded thosetill prety face and as helped by the ornings ever the windows
	layer_6: she thoughtd a little and then they went ont to talk about her house which hade ben newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and mas helped by the awrnings over the windows
	layer_8: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_10: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows
	layer_12: she thought a little and then they went on to talk about her house which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish blue satin up to the height of a person's head an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded though still pretty face and was helped by the awnings over the windows

file: 1255-90413-0012.flac
expected: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_2: her si have had my ha some yas shebsrved complacently i'n i l i eud bettor everyar
	layer_4: he si have had my hos some yeas she  bserved complacently an i likeoud better every year
	layer_6: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_8: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_10: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year
	layer_12: yes i have had my house some years she observed complacently and i like it better every year

file: 1255-90413-0013.flac
expected: don't you feel lonely in it sometimes o never
	layer_2: den't yo fielld la ne in it sometims o never
	layer_4: den't you feel lene in it sometimes oh never
	layer_6: dan't you feel lenny in it sometimes oh never
	layer_8: don't you feel leniy on it sometimes oh never
	layer_10: don't you feel lenly in it sometimes oh never
	layer_12: don't you feel lenly in it sometimes oh never

file: 1255-90413-0014.flac
expected: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_2: hart a an sivil thing to say she morlbid in's arpprie
	layer_4: what an an civeil thing to say she murbed inceurprise
	layer_6: what an an civil thing to say she murbred in surprise
	layer_8: what an on civil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_10: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise
	layer_12: what an uncivil thing to say she murmured in surprise

file: 1255-90413-0015.flac
expected: it is rather uncivil
	layer_2: it his rothransivle
	layer_4: it is rovher an civil
	layer_6: it is rather ancivil
	layer_8: it is rather uncivil
	layer_10: it is rather uncivil
	layer_12: it is rather uncivil

file: 1255-90413-0016.flac
expected: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_2: as ua punishment she did not ring the bel but thaften to finet his wey auct as he couod
	layer_4: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but tleft im to find his weay out as he could
	layer_6: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left himto find his way out as he could
	layer_8: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_10: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could
	layer_12: as a punishment she did not ring the bell but left him to find his way out as he could

file: 1255-90413-0017.flac
expected: i saw him at lady channelcliffe's the other night
	layer_2: i so hm at laty chen oclivf sothe ight
	layer_4: i sow him at lady chunnoclife se othe night
	layer_6: i saw him at lady chano clifse other night
	layer_8: i saw him at lady channol clifsth othe night
	layer_10: i saw him at lady channlclifes the other night
	layer_12: i saw him at lady channel clifes the other night

file: 1255-90413-0018.flac
expected: jocelyn pierston
	layer_2: jusil inpersthin
	layer_4: jusilimpearsed om
	layer_6: juselin pirstom
	layer_8: josseline pirston
	layer_10: jossilyn peercton
	layer_12: jossilyn peercton

file: 1255-90413-0019.flac
expected: o didn't he marry her
	layer_2: o didn'te maryher
	layer_4: o din't he mary her
	layer_6: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_8: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_10: oh didn't he marry her
	layer_12: oh didn't he marry her

file: 1255-90413-0020.flac
expected: said missus pine avon with a start
	layer_2: sad mis aspineverom with he start
	layer_4: said misud pin everom with a start
	layer_6: said missurs pin oven with a start
	layer_8: said missus pine aven with a start
	layer_10: said missus pineaven with a start
	layer_12: said missus pineaven with a start

file: 1255-90413-0021.flac
expected: but jocelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_2: bhut joslem as receding fom the pity woid as hose with long stries
	layer_4: but jostlim was receeding from the pritty wild as huse with long strids
	layer_6: but jostlim was receiding from the pretty widows house with long strids
	layer_8: but joselymn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_10: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides
	layer_12: but joscelym was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides

file: 1255-90413-0022.flac
expected: lady iris had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight nichola pine avon
	layer_2: lhedy auris sud left the drine rom fromomento to see that alr was right in the daning rom a hen he was shurniin therstut a lon in the lablight nekculupinaveem
	layer_4: leady aris shad lefto the dring room from moment  to see that alwas right in the dining room ad hen he was shurnion thers tod a lon in the lamblight nikle a pin even
	layer_6: laly aris had left the drawing room from moment to see that alwas right in the dining room and when he was shornian there stood alone in the lamblight nickol apine even
	layer_8: lady arrise had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was cheniin there stood alone in the lamblight nicolopine aven
	layer_10: lady arric had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was choniin there stood alone in the lamplight nickola pine aven
	layer_12: lady arric had left the drawing room for a moment to see that all was right in the dining room and when he was chonin there stood alone in the lamplight nickola pine aven

file: 1255-90413-0023.flac
expected: she had been the first arrival
	layer_2: she had been the first erival
	layer_4: she had been the first arival
	layer_6: she had been the first arrival
	layer_8: she had been the first arrival
	layer_10: she had been the first arrival
	layer_12: she had been the first arrival

file: 1255-90413-0024.flac
expected: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_2: as he ovte gest stroptin the pear retreated into ar shady corner and she toaked becid him til al moved of for the eating and drinking
	layer_4: as he other gueststroppedin the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_6: as he other gueststropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_8: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_10: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking
	layer_12: as the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drinking

file: 1255-90413-0025.flac
expected: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_2: he had not be n appoinded to take hracrosst o the daning rom but of ther table fand her exactly  hoporcsit
	layer_4: he had not been appointed to take her acrossto the daning room but of the table fund her exactly oppocsit
	layer_6: he had not ben appointed to take her across to the dining room but of the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_8: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but a the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_10: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite
	layer_12: he had not been appointed to take her across to the dining room but at the table found her exactly opposite

file: 1255-90413-0026.flac
expected: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_2: the spring in the present case was the oar testic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_4: the spring in the present case was the artistic commondation she deserved and craved
	layer_6: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_8: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_10: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved
	layer_12: the spring in the present case was the artistic commendation she deserved and craved

file: 1255-90413-0027.flac
expected: the lady on jocelyn's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_2: tha edy oun' jostinan's left whife of ar lor to just es of of appieel was in like man ar toking to hearc om pan on on the outo side soh that for the time he was lef to to himself
	layer_4: the lade ond jostenanc's left wife of a lar to justhice of of appeal was in like manner talking to herkcam panion on the outoside so that for the time he was lefto to himself
	layer_6: the lady on jostenencs left wife of a low  justicf of appeal was inlike manner talking to her companion on the outerside so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_8: the lady on josenyn's left wife of a lord justiceo of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_10: the lady on josselen's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself
	layer_12: the lady on josselen's left wife of a lord justice of appeal was in like manner talking to her companion on the outer side so that for the time he was left to himself

file: 1255-90413-0028.flac
expected: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jocelyn to recommend as candidate for some post in town that she wished him to fill
	layer_2: it came frm the wifef of one of his fa thers form a workmen ad was consrnning hes son whom she bage do justlinterecammand rs candidits for some posd in tarn that she wished him to fill
	layer_4: it came from the wife of one of his fathers form a workman and was concerning her son whom she beged justlento recommand as canded its for some post in tun that she wished him to fill
	layer_6: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workman and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlin to recommandas counded its for some post in tun that she wished him to fill
	layer_8: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged jostlyn to recommend as candidit for some post in turn that she wished him to fill
	layer_10: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged josselyn to recommend as candidates for some post in turn that she wished him to fill
	layer_12: it came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen and was concerning her son whom she begged joscelyn to recommend as candidates for some post in turn that she wished him to fill

file: 1585-131718-0000.flac
expected: what is necessary to the completeness of the story at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of threads woven in and follow them through until the clear and comprehensive picture of events can be seen
	layer_2: what tis nes sira to the comqlenouss of the stay at thi staghe is not to ry cappedto lightd but o ta upsome of thei lose ands of the thrans whol weenhin and followed than  throuw an tel the cler and comperehence the pictrure of the vans canby saing
	layer_4: what is nec sra to the compleanuss of the sto at this stage is not to r capidto light but o take up some of thei loose ands of te thrance wo verning and followed than throug unto the clear and comprehense picture of the vans cam be sing
	layer_6: what is necessary to the complenuss of the sty at this sdage is not to re capit o late but to take up some of the loose ans of te thranzs wo verning and followed them throug unto the clear and comprehensethe picture of the vens can be sing
	layer_8: what is necessary to the compleness of the st at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threads wovenning and followed them through unti the clear and comprehensethe picture of the vents can be seen
	layer_10: what is necessary to the completness of the sty at this stage is not to recapitilate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through unto the clear and comprehensve picture of the events can be seen
	layer_12: what is necessary to the completeness of the styry at this stage is not to recapitulate but to take up some of the loose ends of the threats wovening and followed them through unto the clear and comprehensive picture of the events can be seen

file: 1585-131718-0001.flac
expected: the way of the inventor is hard
	layer_2: the way of they ventoer his heared
	layer_4: the way otly ven tor his heard
	layer_6: the waotlyn vent to his hard
	layer_8: the waoly ventor is hard
	layer_10: the waly ventor is hard
	layer_12: the watly ventor is hard

file: 1585-131718-0002.flac
expected: he can sometimes raise capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a distressful cost of personal surrender
	layer_2: he can sometimes reeis cabitdo to healp him the working oa his crod consaptions bud ei we then it is frekqoe down at a hisress fe caoshed a persmossaander
	layer_4: hecan sometimes wre s cabito to halp him the working ot his cred concaptions but ivthen it is frecon we done ant it istressficoshed a persomosarander
	layer_6: o can sometimes ere as cabitu to help him ten working ot his cruide conceptions but i then it is frequnwe done at it is tressfo caushed a persomos ce rander
	layer_8: het can sometimes we is cabita to help him in working out his crude conceptions but in then it is frequently done at a distressful cotd a personal surrender
	layer_10: he can sometimes rehis capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a istresstful coe a personal surrender
	layer_12: he can sometimes rehis capital to help him in working out his crude conceptions but even then it is frequently done at a istresstful cost a personal surrender

file: 1585-131718-0003.flac
expected: when the result is achieved the invention makes its appeal on the score of economy of material or of effort and then labor often awaits with crushing and tyrannical spirit to smash the apparatus or forbid its very use
	layer_2: whe the resout is a chieved the vensioimakes its the pairl ond the scor ofe conmy o mentaro ou off afferd and then labere ofen awids with crusiing an to rany cuos spirit di smesh theg apporvus of fer birt is verus
	layer_4: whenther resoud is a chieved the eventiimikes its the parl on the score of he conomy o motioro ou off effored and then labere oeen awaits with crushing in to rannicospirit dismashed the appaerilesce of forbit is veryus
	layer_6: when te resout is achieved the evensiamikes it's ta pal on the score of economy of motiro are of efford and then labor open the waits with crushing antoranico spirit dismashe the aparalesce of herbi is vary use
	layer_8: when te resout is achieved the ivensio maks its eppal on the score of economy o matyri ar off effort and then labor oen the waides with crushing and tyranicao spirit dismash the apaadis o forbid its vary use
	layer_10: when the resount is achieved the iventio maks its appeal on the score of economy ofmotera a of effort and then labor open ne wads with crushing and tyrannical spirit dismatched the apaadus or forbid its vary use
	layer_12: when the resount is achieved the evention makes its appeal on the score of economy of moteria a of effort and then labor ofen the wads with crushing and tyrannical spirit dismatched the aparagus of forbid its vary use

file: 1585-131718-0004.flac
expected: possibly our national optimism as revealed in invention the seeking a higher good needs some check
	layer_2: possebolly orenasiono oplesom as were veauding the vention the seking the higgod it somechack
	layer_4: possbily aule enation ot optism as werd veauting the vension the seking be high agood nit some chack
	layer_6: possibaly oure onation a optiosm as wre vewting the vensiom the seking behigha good nitsome chack
	layer_8: possibly oura nationa optism as pervuting the vensiun the seeking the highe good nknit some chack
	layer_10: possibly our a nationa optism as revueding the venseam the seeking the highr good knit some check
	layer_12: possibly our nationa optism as revued ing the venseom the seeking the higher good knit some check

file: 1585-131718-0005.flac
expected: possibly the leaders would travel too fast and too far on the road to perfection if conservatism did not also play its salutary part in insisting that the procession move forward as a whole
	layer_2: hasivilli the liders woedtrabore two fast and two far on ther roto rfaction ahav conso vedison di not alse of plate seludry part ing incisting thet the prcession of foroed asoa ho
	layer_4: posivily the littus would travle two fast and two far on thei rot of roffaction ef consievdicme did not alsof plat solutory part ininsisting that the prcessioim o forwad asaho
	layer_6: posivally the liters would travel two fast an twoo far on the wroetof ferfaction if consoveitisom did not also playe salutary part an insisting that the procession of forward acaho
	layer_8: posivally the litders would travel too fast and too far on the rodt of ufaction if conslvedisum did not also played salutary part in insisting that the prcession of forward asaho
	layer_10: possibly the litters would travel too fast and too far on the road of efaction if consolvetisum did not also playt salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asa ho
	layer_12: possibly the litters would travell too fast and too far on the road of efaction if consolvetisem did not also play t salutary part in insisting that the procession moved forward asaho

file: 1585-131718-0006.flac
expected: on the contrary the conditions for its acceptance had been ripening fast
	layer_2: on a contary the condirtions for ith efceptiins ha be wrat o he fast
	layer_4: on he contery the conditions for th efceptiins hap beeng right o  faft
	layer_6: on the contary the conditions for ith aceptions havebing righten  fast
	layer_8: on the contrarary the conditions for his acceptions haeing rightend fast
	layer_10: on the contrary the conditions for is acceptions having rightn fast
	layer_12: on the contrary the conditions for his acceptions havbing right ed fast

file: 1585-131718-0007.flac
expected: yet the very vogue of the electric arc light made harder the arrival of the incandescent
	layer_2: yeas the verybogor of they latrick ardlight made harre the arivl of thr in condesstend
	layer_4: ye the very bogo of the lactric ardlight made haro the yurivle of the incondessond
	layer_6: yet the very buuga of the elactric ardlight made harour the arrivale of the incondessened
	layer_8: yet the very boga of the elactric artliht made horror  the arrival of the incondesstent
	layer_10: yet the very bogar of the electric art lyht made horror  the arrival of the incondescent
	layer_12: yet the very bogar of the electric art lyht made horror the arrival of the incondescent

file: 1585-131718-0008.flac
expected: a number of parent arc lighting companies were in existence and a great many local companies had been called into being under franchises for commercial business and to execute regular city contracts for street lighting
	layer_2: a number o parand ark linin compens or a ing inxcistans and a gread emany loke acomius habing cid intoting oundefren schise for commeur shal business an tw excectut ragulaciti contracs forn street lini
	layer_4: a number o parent arklin in compans wor a in inxcistance and a greatemany loe acomeniss habeeng caed intophing under frienschiese for commer show business and to exectute ragulaciti contracs fr n street lining
	layer_6: a number of parent arkclineing compance wer a in ensistence and a great many lococcominis have been carled into bein under friendschise for comer cha business and to exacutde ragulociti contracts forn street lihning
	layer_8: a number of parent arklining companes werea in ienxistence and a great many localccompnis havde been called into bein under frenshise for commercial business and to execute regulaciti contracts for  street lining
	layer_10: a number of parent arc lining companes wor in existence and a great many local ccomponies have been called into ben under frenshis for commercial business and to execute regulacitic contracts for street lining
	layer_12: a number of parent arc lining companies wor in existence and a great many local componies have been called into bein under frencshies for commercial business and to execute regularcitic contracts for street lining

file: 1585-131718-0009.flac
expected: thus in a curious manner the modern art of electric lighting was in a very true sense divided against itself with intense rivalries and jealousies which were none the less real because they were but temporary and occurred in a field where ultimate union of forces was inevitable
	layer_2: thas and the carres mener they mao knart of o lact try line was in of verag o sans eivied agans hes solf with intuns reverliese andjalices which were  no the las real thecase they were bout tempery andeccourdingthe fout wherer outim at eauning of the forse wors in apftabl
	layer_4: thas and the curos menerd they mad nard of tellact trelining worsing af verige hooe sance evied agains his self with intins reveries and jaloses which were non thelass rel thecause they were but tempery and occurding fout where outimant uning of the force wors in atable
	layer_6: thus and te cures manner the mo nard of te lactry linig wersing a veriyg hwo sence divied against hi self with intims reveries and jealouses which were nonetelass real wbhecouset they were batempoary and occurding tout where autmate euning f the force wers inapitable
	layer_8: thus and tacurous manner the monard of  luctory lining warseing a veriye tru sens divided against hit self with in tis reberies and jealouses which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurding taut were autimate euning  the force ws inaptable
	layer_10: thus and tacurious manner the modern ard of laxtury lining was in a very true sense divided against itself with intines reberies and jealouses which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurding tat where altimate euning of the force was inepitable
	layer_12: thus and te curious manner the modern ard of laxtury lining was in a very true sense divided against itself with intines reberies and jealousies which were none the less real because they were bad temporary and occurding tat where ultimate euning of the force was inepitable

file: 1585-131718-0010.flac
expected: hence twenty years after the first edison stations were established the methods they involved could be fairly credited with no less than sixty seven per cent
	layer_2: hansd teniyeares af terf the firost avisin station werestaplished the matheird s they in voved could be faily crotet with no lestan six o sevn presend
	layer_4: hands twenty years after the frst aticnestation were staplished the mat theirds tey invovhed could be failly cradit with no lestand six ty seven presend
	layer_6: hanced twenty years after the first avisenmustation werestaplished the mathirds tey invoved could be faily crudid with no less thand sixty seven peresenet
	layer_8: hence twenty years after the first adveson station were established the methords tay involved could be faily croded with no less than sixty seven peresend
	layer_10: hence twenty years after the first aveson station were established the mathrds they involved could be fairly croded with no less than sixty seventh per cent
	layer_12: hence twenty years after the first avison station were established the mathords they involved could be fairly croded with no less than sixty seventh per cent

file: 1585-131718-0011.flac
expected: it will be readily understood that under these conditions the modern lighting company supplies to its customers both incandescent and arc lighting frequently from the same dynamo electric machinery as a source of current and that the old feud as between the rival systems has died out
	layer_2: it irl be wradly an isto thad ander thes conditions the mad lighning compme suppulise tho wids custommest bought incondosend and arglining frakanly from the same di naml ilc trak mashenry ascas soors of carend and thou the o food aspbe tong the ry was istans hast ied ad
	layer_4: it will be radly unmist that onder these conditions the mod lignting comp mie supplised twho wids custonrst bouth incodousoned and ark lining frequenly from the same dienamal eluctrik muchinary askde surs of currened and thout the o food as bietun the rie was istence hasedied aut
	layer_6: it will be readly unmister that olnder these conditions the mod lighting cumpe supplies who ids customerst both inconducened and arc lihning frequently from the same diname electric machiery aske e sours of current and thout the o fod ase beton the rive las sistance hast died at
	layer_8: it will be readly understd that u under these conditions the moud lighning cumpay supplies to is customers both incondecent and ark lining frequently from the same dinamo electric machinery as th surs of current and that the od food as betwen the ribl sistance has dyed at
	layer_10: it will be redly understood that under these conditions the mod lighning cumpany supplies to its customers both incandecent and arct lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery as the sours of current and that the o food as between the rible assystance has dyed at
	layer_12: it will be redly understood that ounder these conditions the moud ligning cumpany supplies to its customers both incandeccent and arc lighting frequently from the same dinamel electric machinery as the soures of current and that the od food as between the rible assystance has dyed at

file: 1585-131718-0012.flac
expected: in fact for some years past the presidents of the national electric light association have been chosen almost exclusively from among the managers of the great edison lighting companies in the leading cities
	layer_2: in fact for someyears past ther hasidents of thef natio nowtyulattric ihde sociation happeng choson o mos exs cosivfully forom hemon the maneteres hof the gread aa san linting comites in ae lat in sidis
	layer_4: in thact for some years past ther husidenc af tha nation no lattric light a sociiation happin choson amost ex clusively for om temong the manatrs of the gread atisan light ncompntesse in the latin situc
	layer_6: in fact for some years pased their husidencs of the natonaelattric lihe association happin chosen olmost exclusively fora among the managers of the great atisent lihtingcompanance in the lading citus
	layer_8: in fact for some years past ther hesidants ofthe national elactric lie association hapin chosen almost exclusively foram among the managers of the great alison lining companens in the laten citus
	layer_10: in fact for some years past the residants of the national electric lie association had ben chosen almost exclusively fom among the managers of the great alison lining companis in the laden cies
	layer_12: in fact for some years past the residants of the national electric lied association had been chosen almost exclusively form among the managers of the great alison lining companis in the laden citus

file: 1585-131718-0013.flac
expected: the other strong opposition to the incandescent light came from the gas industry
	layer_2: the othestram obresition to the incondessn liged came from the gans indisgr
	layer_4: the othe strom obrosition to the incon dessen light came from the gans indes grew
	layer_6: the ote stron obresition to the incon desinlight came from the gans indusgrew
	layer_8: the other strong opposition to the incandescen light came from the ganc inducs grew
	layer_10: the other strong opposition to the incondescent light came from the gase indus grew
	layer_12: the other strong opposition to the incondescent light came from the gase indust grew

file: 1585-131718-0014.flac
expected: there also the most bitter feeling was shown
	layer_2: there asoe the most pereri fieling was shon
	layer_4: there also the most peteefeeling was shom
	layer_6: there also the most peter feeling was shone
	layer_8: ther also the most peter feeling was shown
	layer_10: there also the most peter feeling was shon
	layer_12: there also the most peter feeling was shon

file: 1585-131718-0015.flac
expected: the gas manager did not like the arc light but it interfered only with his street service which was not his largest source of income by any means
	layer_2: the gas minager d in no like arlit bud a intoferd only with his treeet serlis werd swose not his lar do sorse of in come by anymings
	layer_4: the gas menagad ino like arclied but a intofered only with his treet servise wer sworse not hislar te sourceof in come by anymings
	layer_6: the gas manage did not like arclied but  interferred only with his treet service were sweres not hislard e source of income by anymins
	layer_8: the gas manager did not like arclid but i interferred only with his streat service whircwas not his lard asource of income by any mens
	layer_10: the gas manager did not like arclide but i interferred only with his tret service whech was not his lard source of income by any means
	layer_12: the gas manager did not like arclide but i interferred only with his tret service whech was not his lard source of income by any means

file: 1585-131718-0016.flac
expected: here again was given a most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for its enemies
	layer_2: here agan wras cevin the most comvingsiong dem mhastration of the tru that sauch an idition to the res soorses of min kind a was caries with t unsue spacmed banrfits even for is animess
	layer_4: here again wras givein the most convengsing do mistration of the tru that such an idition to the resourses of mangkind al was carius with it un suspackned banefots aven for his animis
	layer_6: here again wrisgive ein the most convingsing demistration of the true that such an addition to the resources of mannkind al was carries with it anmsuspactne banefots even for his animus
	layer_8: here again was giving the most convingcing demostration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animis
	layer_10: here again was given the most convincing demonstration of the truth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animas
	layer_12: here again was givin the most convincing demonstration of the trueth that such an addition to the resources of mankind always carries with it unsuspected benefits even for his animas

file: 1585-131718-0017.flac
expected: this was not long nor universally the spirit shown and to day in hundreds of cities the electric and gas properties are united under the one management which does not find it impossible to push in a friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_2: this was no lon not you norsily thispiti shoune an to day hi harnders of sidis they lact trak angas provers ar you nigd at under that oe mamishment which dest not find it ing posible toposh ing the friendly am progresyway the you se both e luominence
	layer_4: theis was not lan not ou norcoly the spirti shoun and to day in haundrs of sidiset they lactrak an gas probvise are you night at under that one mamishment which des not find it inpossible to puching the friendly an progressi way thet use of both eluminunts
	layer_6: this was not lwn no unorsally the spirita shon aned to day hin hundrs of sitis the lactrikan gas provese are uniet at under that one mamaghment which doest not find it impossible to pesh ing the friendly an progressi way the use of both iluminance
	layer_8: this was not long no unirsally the spiritis showne and to day e hundres of citoz the lectric and gas provess are united under that one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminance
	layer_10: this was not long nor univrsally the spirits shown and to day the hundreds of cites the electric and gas progress are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants
	layer_12: this was not long nor universally the spirits shown and to day the hundreds of cites the electric and gas progress are united under tha one management which does not find it impossible to push in the friendly and progressive way the use of both illuminants

file: 1585-131718-0018.flac
expected: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given in new york itself
	layer_2: hi most conspegiu was you sam pao these eie deandy of entrest ifs cgiveenling nouw yoro eself
	layer_4: the most conspegiu was yusamp of these idanty of interest is giveenlyin nw your ghiself
	layer_6: the most conspiger was esamp of this idanty of interest is giventin new yor iself
	layer_8: the most conspigous eeamp of this identi of interest is given the new york iself
	layer_10: the most conspicuous example of this identity of interest is given i new york itself
	layer_12: the most conspicuous example f this identity of interest is given in new york itself

file: 1585-131718-0019.flac
expected: so much for the early opposition of which there was plenty
	layer_2: so much for the eally obisition of which h theyrwerptplendy
	layer_4: so much for the early abosition of which theyr were psplendy
	layer_6: so much for the early arbosition of which they re werep'splendy
	layer_8: so much for the early opposition of which theyre worois plenty
	layer_10: so much for the early opposition of which there work 's plenty
	layer_12: so much for the early opposition of which theire work s plenty

file: 1585-131718-0020.flac
expected: but it may be questioned whether inertia is not equally to be dreaded with active ill will
	layer_2: b e ma be questiond whe thar in arturs not equallidto be dradit wiuth act of ewol
	layer_4: bu amay be questioned whe ther in erters not equally to be dradid with actovf ewill
	layer_6: bu i may be questioned whether inersieris not equally to be drauded with actife e will
	layer_8: but it may be questioned whether in erchi is not equally to be drauded with actofe vewwill
	layer_10: but it may be questioned whether in ersi is not equally to be draded with act ofe il will
	layer_12: but it may be questioned whether in ersir is not equally to be dreaded with act ofe il will

file: 1585-131718-0021.flac
expected: of course a great many accounts were written and read but while genuine interest was aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_2: of course a greamany counse were wead an and rat but wwoul hanyu intfrispas tarouset it was nes as serrily ipthadic
	layer_4: of courst a gramany couns were weadon and rad but why wou chani interistpos arousd it was neses seryly ipothatic
	layer_6: of course a gray many counts were readen and rad but why would jhanni interestpeus aroused it was necerssarily ypathatic
	layer_8: of course a grey many counts were readen and read but why wu cani interestpus aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_10: of course a great many acounts were eaten and read but why wul canne interespus aroused it was necessarily apathetic
	layer_12: of course a great many accounts were eaten and read but why woulcane intrespus aroused it was necessarily apathetic

file: 1585-131718-0022.flac
expected: we got it at a great bargain and only paid a small sum down and the balance on mortgage
	layer_2: wa got ed othe gre barcan and onlhe pates mor some dam and the balise to walt agage
	layer_4: wa god at o the gret barken an only paites more some dam and the ballaced om witegage
	layer_6: whel godt at at the gret barkin and only patus more sume dam in the baliston wategage
	layer_8: we got it at the greep barkin and only paid us more sume dam in the balliston wategage
	layer_10: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sum dam in the balliston widegage
	layer_12: we got it at the greek bargain and only paid us more sum dam in the balliston widegage

file: 1585-131718-0023.flac
expected: we sold them for forty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_2: wer slw then forfory cene byt they a were ally boutd tony oith thorys ousens of them
	layer_4: wie sal them for fore e tence buthey r were anly boud t oneyg oat thire is ousans of them
	layer_6: we sew them for four esense but they were only about twentig or thry thousands of them
	layer_8: wo selwledthem for foury cents but they were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them
	layer_10: would selle them for fourty cents but ther were only about twenty or thirty thousand of them
	layer_12: would sell them for fourty cents but there were only about twenty or thirty thousands of them

file: 1585-131718-0024.flac
expected: the fourth year i got it down to thirty seven cents and i made all the money up in one year that i had lost previously
	layer_2: the fourt eyeer i gadedon toih thu ty seven sans and a mat ar the mony apt in one year that i halat prevusly
	layer_4: the fourthyear i godadon to thougty sevem sands and amade ar the mony apt in one year that i hllafe prevusly
	layer_6: the fourth year i go e don to thoty seven sandce and ammae a the money apt in one year that i halage prevously
	layer_8: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven sends and amad all the money apt in one year that i held oh previously
	layer_10: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven cents and amaed all the money apt in one year that i had afd previously
	layer_12: the fourth year i got it unto thirty seven cents and amad all the money apt in one year that i had afd previously

file: 1585-131718-0025.flac
expected: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_2: onenof the engsidanse which s cout  very gread cheepenig wors that whe wesetardet wone of th imporn pro sesses hatt be down by acperts
	layer_4: eneouf the inxcidente which cout a very gread chepening ers that when westartet wont of te importin processes hadt be domn by axperts
	layer_6: one of the incidents which cauet a very gread cheepening wors that when we started wene of the importan prucesses had be done by acperts
	layer_8: one of the incidents which caustd a very great sheepening was that when we started wone of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_10: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapning was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts
	layer_12: one of the incidents which caused a very great cheapening was that when we started one of the important processes had to be done by experts

file: 1585-131718-0026.flac
expected: after feeling around for some days i got a clew how to do it
	layer_2: at a feling arum for som days i gouht acloa huw oe do it
	layer_4: af to feeling arraumd for some days i got a clue  how of do it
	layer_6: after feeling aroumd for some days i got a clu how to do it
	layer_8: after feeling aroud for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_10: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it
	layer_12: after feeling around for some days i got a clue how to do it

file: 1585-131718-0027.flac
expected: i then made another machine which did the work nicely
	layer_2: a ten mad and o the masshing which to the word nisely
	layer_4: a ten made another machinguacgh dy the worednisely
	layer_6: a them made another machinguace di the worgnisely
	layer_8: a den made another machinguicge did the word nisely
	layer_10: a tem made another machinguich did the word nicely
	layer_12: a them made another machinguich did the word nicely

file: 1585-131718-0028.flac
expected: incidentally it may be noted as illustrative of the problems brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison an importer in the chinese trade went to him and wanted a dynamo to be run by hand power
	layer_2: insadenly ie may be belit asi los tradofh of the cron prought  ow atisn dhat wile he had the fa treyt at horrison and emporing the cindies reder wen to hiame mench and et a doinamou to be ron by han pore
	layer_4: inser denly imay be boulut asluse trat of of the prowan prougt to adisene that ile he had the factory at harrasing and imporing te chinest treder when to hamench waned it a dinamoe to be ron by han power
	layer_6: incidenly it may be talyed as lusestrative of the prowlan brougt to adisene that while he had the factory at harrison and impouring the chines treader wen to hament wanted a dinamol to be run by hin power
	layer_8: incidently it may be vellieed asilustrative of the crowan brought to elisen that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinest reater went to he ant wanted a dyname to be run by hin power
	layer_10: incidently it may be belled asilustrative of the prow and brought to eddison that while he had the factory at harrison and imporing the chinese reater when to him anch wanted a dynamo to be run by hin power
	layer_12: incidently it may be bellued asilustrative of the prow and brought to edison that while he had the factory at harrison and impouring the chinese reater when to him anch wanted a dynamol to be run by hin power

file: 1585-131718-0029.flac
expected: for making the dynamos edison secured as noted in the preceding chapter the roach iron works on goerck street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_2: for make in tha dinimous adticensaccuard ask nody in the prcein chobider that roch ian wor  son go wore sreet new yorg and this was asoy quipt
	layer_4: for make in the dinamost adducensoccurd ask knote in the prcein chabitr thet roch ie un worson go wor sreet new york and this wares asowe quipt
	layer_6: for makein the dinamost addoconsecured as not in the percitding chaveter the roach eieran worson go work street new york and this wors also he quipped
	layer_8: for makingthe dynamos addison secured as not in the proceding chaveter the roach iron wirson go work street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_10: for making the dynamos adison secured as noted in the proceding chapiter tha roch iron werson go work street new york and this was also equipped
	layer_12: for making the dynamos adison secured as noted in the proceding chapiter that roch iron wirson go work street new york and this was also equipped

file: 1585-131718-0030.flac
expected: to sigmund bergmann who had worked previously with edison on telephone apparatus and phonographs and was already making edison specialties in a small way in a loft on wooster street new york was assigned the task of constructing sockets fixtures meters safety fuses and numerous other details
	layer_2: to sick mond buirt man who had wr pravisly with abison unsall o from the paredison foln a guras an was olede making aticten spasiallitis nmass mor wafein a loft on los trirstreet e ord was asoinlhedhas of onstruct in sockes fixtures meiters sifty fuses  nummerous other edous
	layer_4: to sick mond birtman who had wor previsly with abison untelo from the paret isom fone agras and was alreadtemaking aticem spacialitis nne smore waing he loght ong lu edrr street newyorkd was asoin tet as of construct imn sokets fixtures miters sifty fuses anumerous other etouse
	layer_6: to sick mond birg man who had were privosly with avison untel epfrom the paratism pon ograps ane was already making adison specialatis  a smore way in a loft un lostrr street newyork was a soin the has of constructin sockkits fixtures mitters sifte fuses  numberous other tethouse
	layer_8: to sik mond bergman who had wore prevously with edison unteleprom the paradism phonograps and was already making edison special it is in a smolrl way in theloft on loostr street new york was asi in the has of constructing sockkets fixtures murs sift fuses numberous other deatouse
	layer_10: to sigmond bergman who had work previously with edison untelafrom the paradisom phonographs and was already making edison special itis in a small way in the loft on luster street new york was assiin the task of constructing sokits fixtures mutrs sift fuses numberous other details
	layer_12: to sig mond bergman who had work previously with edison untelafrom the paradism phonographs and was already making edison special it as in a small way in the loft on luster street new york was assiin the tasks of constructing sockits fixtures mutrs sift fuses numberous other details

file: 1585-131718-0031.flac
expected: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electric light company leased the old bishop mansion at sixty five fifth avenue close to fourteenth street for its headquarters and show rooms
	layer_2: ain the early pard of eitingnady one tht atisnt yulutrya lihd comtney lease tey od be sha musion at sixty fife fif evenim clos to fording street for his had quatrers and show rinse
	layer_4: in the early pard of eighting aty one they adesnt y luctry light comny leasteod be shalmasion at sixty fife fiftd eveny close to forting street for his had quaters and show rimce
	layer_6: in the early part of eighteng eighty one the adizen elactary light comly least heyold be shimasion at sixty five fift eveny close to fording street for his had quaters and show rims
	layer_8: in the early part of eighten eighty one the edizon electory light compny least e yod be chaymasiin at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_10: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electry light company leasteod b chymashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims
	layer_12: in the early part of eighteen eighty one the edison electary light company least teod b chimashen at sixty five fifth avenue close to fording street for his headquarters and show rims

file: 1585-131718-0032.flac
expected: this was one of the finest homes in the city of that period and its acquisition was a premonitory sign of the surrender of the famous residential avenue to commerce
	layer_2: this woars one of the fine his homet in ticily of thouparid and is acuisition was o pre monndt were sime of the surander of the fame is restin shall evenr to commers
	layer_4: this wers one of the fine is homed in te cily of thout herit and is aquisition was a premonnt wer sigme of the surrander of the fam is restinshoavinu to commerse
	layer_6: this wares one of the fine is homed in the cily of that pherid and is acquasition was a premonent were sign of the surrender of the famous reston sho avenue to commerce
	layer_8: this was one of the finees homed in the cilly of that perod and is acquisition was a premonter sign of the surrender of the famous restin should havenue to commerce
	layer_10: this was one of the finest homed in the cilly of that period and its acquisition was a premoneter sin of the surrender of the famous restin should havenue to commerce
	layer_12: this was one of the finest homed in the cilly of that period and its acquisition was a premoneter sin of the surrender of the famous restin should havenue to commerce

file: 1585-131718-0033.flac
expected: the experience with the little gas engine was rather startling
	layer_2: thexperest with ha lattoe gans angin was wre their staortling
	layer_4: thexperesed with tha latoe gas anging was tri their startlyng
	layer_6: the experienced with a lato gas engine wis fryd their startling
	layer_8: the experienced with a lato gas engine was tra their startling
	layer_10: they experienced with a leto gas engine was rtheir startling
	layer_12: they experienced with a leto gas engine was ratheir startling

file: 1585-131718-0034.flac
expected: one day it was not going very well and i went down to the man in charge and got exploring around
	layer_2: one da ie was note going very wow and a ondunt to the manin chrg an got ix poring araunt
	layer_4: one day i wash not going very wel and it one dunt to the manin charge and god ex poring araunt
	layer_6: one day it was not going very wole and it wone duntk to the mann ing charge and god expouring arant
	layer_8: one day it was not going very wel and it wen dunke to the man in charge and got exporing arant
	layer_10: one day it was not going very well and it went dunk to the man in charge and got exploring arent
	layer_12: one day it was not going very well and it went dunk to the man in charge and got exploring arent

file: 1585-131718-0035.flac
expected: for the next four or five years sixty five was a veritable beehive day and night
	layer_2: ut an ex forl fivfe yer suxte fi was o veridaboe be hife day anit
	layer_4: fhu an extforl five year six ti fy was a veried aboe be hife dayga night
	layer_6: fhor he next poral five year six tifye was a veri aboe be hif dayg a night
	layer_8: forthe next pour a five year sixty fi was a veridabole b hife day and night
	layer_10: for the next four or five year sixty five was a veritable b hive day and night
	layer_12: for the next four or five year sixty five was a veritable b hive day and night

file: 1585-131718-0036.flac
expected: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory in its utter neglect of the clock
	layer_2: thet roteen was very much the same asks that at the loberd toy ing hits ut enac lid of the claork
	layer_4: they rutin was very much the same aske that at the labertury ing its ote nacklytd of the clk
	layer_6: the ruting was very much the same asked that at the labortary ing its oute nackolite of the clock
	layer_8: the rootine was very much the same as that at the laboratary bing its outonaklit of the clock
	layer_10: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory being its aute naclite of the clock
	layer_12: the routine was very much the same as that at the laboratory eing its oute naclite of the clock

file: 1585-131718-0037.flac
expected: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a cigar even if i locked them up in my desk they would break it open
	layer_2: o was tell ing he genti mon one jday that i could not cy r secr even they ef y loke th m  benm i dask thery would breake t open
	layer_4: i was telling a gente mon one day that i could not kiepbasecre even they fi locke the my been i dausk thery would breg it open
	layer_6: i was telling a genteman one day that i could not keep a secre even they fiy locked them y  benmy dusk they would break it open
	layer_8: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even the if i locked them   bin my dusk they would break it open
	layer_10: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even  if i locked them b in my dusk they would break it open
	layer_12: i was telling a gentleman one day that i could not keep a secret even if i locked them b in my dusk they would break it open

file: 1585-131718-0038.flac
expected: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a superior grade of cigars and who would show them a trick
	layer_2: he sa gast erd to me that he head o friend over an eith aveni who mid isuber a grate of segrs and who would shol thematrickt
	layer_4: he sugjaseter t me that he head a friend over an eit aveny who midtu sabera grat of segres and who would show thematrik
	layer_6: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenin who mad a subura great of segres and who would show them a tricu
	layer_8: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenu who made a suburat grate of segrs and who would show them a trick
	layer_10: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberior grade of cegrus and who would show them a trick
	layer_12: he suggested to me that he had a friend over on eighth avenue who made a suberiour grade of segrus and who would show them a trick

file: 1585-131718-0039.flac
expected: he said he would have some of them made up with hair and old paper and i could put them in without a word and see the result
	layer_2: he sai that he would have soe of thn maght a buth har and o paper ant i could pu the ming without award and se thad res out
	layer_4: he said that he would have some of them madte abith har and o paper and i could put the ming without a ward and seethed resout
	layer_6: he said that he would have some of the made abith hair and o paper and i could put them ing without a word and see thed resout
	layer_8: he said that he would have some of the made abith hair and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see thed risout
	layer_10: he said that he would have some of them made abboth har and oh paper and i could put them in without a word and see the resout
	layer_12: he said that he would have some of them made abboth har and o paper and i could put them in without a word and see the resout

file: 1585-131718-0040.flac
expected: i thought no more about the matter
	layer_2: i au kno mwor bothe matter
	layer_4: i goauht kno mor d ba the matter
	layer_6: i gouht no more abou the matter
	layer_8: i hought no mor about the matter
	layer_10: i thought no mord about the matter
	layer_12: i thought no mored about the matter

file: 1585-131718-0041.flac
expected: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_2: idin ha remember ando thing aboud et
	layer_4: i ad in t remember andything about it
	layer_6: ididna remember anything about it
	layer_8: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_10: i didn't remember anything about it
	layer_12: i didn't remember anything about it

file: 1585-131718-0042.flac
expected: i was too busy on other things to notice
	layer_2: i was to busiy houn other th ings to d enodes
	layer_4: i was to busihoun other things to denotise
	layer_6: i was to busy hund other things to denotice
	layer_8: i was too busy on other things to denotice
	layer_10: i was too busy ong other things to denotice
	layer_12: i was too busy ung other things to denotice

file: 1585-131718-0043.flac
expected: speaking of those days or nights edison says years ago one of the great violinists was remenyi
	layer_2: spekeing o tho stayces of nigdts audt as nes seys years a go one of the greaiv iolinust was ramony
	layer_4: speakin o tho estaycs ofnightes atisnceys years ago one of the greatvilinust was ramony
	layer_6: speaking of thosestays ofnights addisnesays yearsago one of the great violinest was ramony
	layer_8: speaking of those days of nights addisn says years ago one of the great violinist was ramene
	layer_10: speaking of those days of nights edisn says years ago one of the great violinist was ramende
	layer_12: speaking of those days of nights edison says years ago one of the great violinist was remene

file: 1585-131718-0044.flac
expected: he would talk with me but i never asked him to bring his violin
	layer_2: he woaltal woidh meaeat i never aset hime to brink his fy aling
	layer_4: who wul alk with methat i never asked him to bring his fialing
	layer_6: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his fioelinge
	layer_8: who would talk with me tat i never asked him to bring his vilin
	layer_10: who would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his vi lin
	layer_12: ho would talk with me that i never asked him to bring his vile lin

file: 1585-131718-0045.flac
expected: one night he came with his violin about twelve o'clock
	layer_2: whyn nid he came with his fieling aboud talve a clack
	layer_4: whye nit he came with his fieling aboud tve a'clock
	layer_6: whye night he came with his fioling about telve o'clock
	layer_8: why night he came with his viling about telve o'clock
	layer_10: why night he came with his filing about twelve o'clock
	layer_12: why nigt he came with his filing about twelve o'clock

file: 1585-131718-0046.flac
expected: after that every time he came to new york he used to call at sixty five late at night with his violin
	layer_2: aftr thad evei time he cim to new yorg h usd to carskdte fid lateenigd with his filingge
	layer_4: after that every time he came to new yorg he used to coersecte fit late enight with his fiolinge
	layer_6: after that every time he came to new yorg he usedto corrsic defyd late a night with his fioelingh
	layer_8: after that every time he came to new york he used to kasctify late a night with his pire inc
	layer_10: after that every time he came to new york he used to kaasixtify late er night with his file inch
	layer_12: after that every time he came to new york he used to casxtify late e night with his file inch

file: 1585-131718-0047.flac
expected: another visitor who used to give us a good deal of amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the head of the london fire brigade
	layer_2: an other this iter whooid iusedto gifeus a goo dae on ousmend ampleasure was kepand sha the had o lent an fibragad
	layer_4: another tvhisiter whood used to gief ass a goo dilremusment and pleasure was keptn sha they had of lend on fibr agade
	layer_6: another visitor whod use to give us a goo deal emusement and pleasure was kaptain sha the had of lend ond fiberygate
	layer_8: another visitor whood used to give us a goood deal amusement and pleasure was captain shaw the had of london fibwur gate
	layer_10: another visitor who d used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was capta'in shaw the head of london fibury gate
	layer_12: another visitor who w'd used to give us a good deal amusement and pleasure was capta'in shaw the head of london fiburry gate

file: 1585-131718-0048.flac
expected: he would go out among the fire laddies and have a great time
	layer_2: whe wa go out amon the filaties andd haf a gret time
	layer_4: wh wee go out amon the fi ladies and half a gret time
	layer_6: who wre go out amon the fi ladies and half a great time
	layer_8: who will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_10: who will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time
	layer_12: who will go out among the fire ladies and half a great time

file: 1585-131718-0049.flac
expected: speaking of telling stories i once got telling a man stories at the harrison lamp factory in the yard as he was leaving
	layer_2: speaking ofe teal thes dar es i woen s go thalliga myas dois at the herwis in lean factry and a yard as he was leaving
	layer_4: speking of tell es dares thi won s gode tallg a masjory's at the herras in lam fatury in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_6: speaking of teles daris ti won es god elia mas doris at the harisin lam factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_8: speaking of telis dares te once god telia mans doris at the heris in lemfactory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_10: speaking of talisdortis tha onces go telling a man storrys at the harison lem factory in a yard as he was leaving
	layer_12: speaking of talisdorris tha once got telling a man storrys at the harison lem factory in a yard as he was leaving

file: 1585-131718-0050.flac
expected: it was winter and he was all in furs
	layer_2: hiet was winder and h ers aling firs
	layer_4: hit was winder and he wers alwing firs
	layer_6: i was windered and he wars aling first
	layer_8: he was windered and he was awing first
	layer_10: he was winderd and he was awing first
	layer_12: he was winderd and he was awing first

file: 1585-131718-0051.flac
expected: i had nothing on to protect me against the cold
	layer_2: i handnothing non to protat me ae gest te cold
	layer_4: i had nothing nom to pretack me af gesto cold
	layer_6: i hard nothing om to protact me it guessticod
	layer_8: i had nothing norn to protect me t gest i code
	layer_10: i had nothing lormg to protect me t ges dicode
	layer_12: i had nothing lomg to protect me t ges decode

file: 1585-131718-0052.flac
expected: then i got pleurisy and had to be shipped to florida for cure
	layer_2: tho hagob ple ryseeind had de be shp to florid of forcur
	layer_4: oagob pleuri seeend had to be ship to florie to forcur
	layer_6: thana gob pleri ceand how to be ship to flory te forcure
	layer_8: tenagob plurisyand had to beshipped to flori the focure
	layer_10: tanagob pluriciand had to be shpped to flori te procure
	layer_12: then agob pluriceand had to be shipped to flouri te procure

file: 1585-131718-0053.flac
expected: it had merely enjoyed the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of backing edison's experiments
	layer_2: he ha maalndjor thet thelits of antreus andhisipation and d e pero thus plursure of facang aisencs exparmence
	layer_4: he hamerelelnjorethe delights of enterous and hisipation and a paero tes pluasued of faconin atisencs expariments
	layer_6: he hamerly enj the delights of anturous and icipation and a parales pleasure of facinc adicen'e experiments
	layer_8: he had merely endured the delights of anxuous anticipation and a perilous pleasure of facing adison's experiments
	layer_10: he had merely endured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of facening edison's experiments
	layer_12: he had merely endured the delights of anxious anticipation and the perilous pleasure of fackening eddison's experiments

file: 1585-131718-0054.flac
expected: now active exploitation was required
	layer_2: now acte ex poitation was wrequid
	layer_4: now acte ex poitation was requie
	layer_6: now acter exploitation was requiete
	layer_8: now after exploitation was required
	layer_10: now after exploitation was required
	layer_12: now after exploitation was required

file: 1585-157660-0000.flac
expected: london its guilt and glory
	layer_2: lendon is golt and glory
	layer_4: lendon is git and glory
	layer_6: lendon hisgout and glory
	layer_8: lyndon hisgoat and glorry
	layer_10: lindon is got and glory
	layer_12: lindon is got and glory

file: 1585-157660-0001.flac
expected: they say best men are molded out of faults and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_2: they say bhest man ar moted outha fots an for the most the come much more the bettter for bing a littl bd
	layer_4: they say best man ar moted out of fogts and for the most tecome much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_6: they say best man are moted out of fouts and for the most become much more the better for bing a little bad
	layer_8: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_10: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad
	layer_12: they say best man are moted out of foughts and for the most become much more the better for being a little bad

file: 1585-157660-0002.flac
expected: standing on a broken column of the old steeple three hundred feet above primrose hill william struck an attitude of theatrical fashion and uttered the following oratorical flight
	layer_2: standing on the brokand colem of te o steber  th way hunda fetebove praing rot hil werlm s truck an adtut off  there try go fasion and adter the folling aretarrico fligede
	layer_4: standing on the brokan colum of the o steebour thruay hundhe feetebouve praimg rose hill well hams ruck an atitut of thear try go fashion and attert the folling are tarrico fliged
	layer_6: standing on the broken colum of the o steber threey hunded feet above praim ros hill willamstruck an atitude of thertriko fashion and otter the falling aritorica flied
	layer_8: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above praime rose hill willham struck an attitude of theartriyco fashion and utter the falling aritorico flihet
	layer_10: standing on the broken column of the od steeber three hundred feet above prime rose hill william struck an attitude of theoatrico fashion and uttert the falling aritorico flight
	layer_12: standing on the broken column of the o steeber three hundred feet above prime rose hill william struck an attitude of theatrico fashion and utter at the falling aritorico flight

file: 1585-157660-0003.flac
expected: glorious london
	layer_2: glares lendon
	layer_4: glaris lendon
	layer_6: glaries lendon
	layer_8: gloris london
	layer_10: gloris london
	layer_12: gloris london

file: 1585-157660-0004.flac
expected: sad how sad to think that the day will come when not a vestige of this wonderful mass of human energy shall remain where the cry of the wolf bat and bittern shall only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendid desolation
	layer_2: a sid how san a thing that the day wil con whe not o vastige of this onet o or mass aof hu man anrigy shaur remang where the cry of the waoff bat and beedem shu alnly beheard an natu a gim resum her rusticks blend en desolation
	layer_4: a sad how sand to thing that the day willcom wherl not avastatge of this oned of rmass of humanaigy share reman where the cry of the walf bat and beadthim shul ally be herd i natureragim wresume her rustics blandan desolation
	layer_6: sad how sand to think that the day will come woul not a vastag of this one of remass of humanaogy shall remain where the cry of the walf badt and beatom shoull ally be heard a nature again resume her rustic s blandand desolation
	layer_8: sad how sad to think that the day will come wet not a vastage of this wone of her mass of human enegy shall remain wite the cry of the warf bad and beatem shoull anly be heard an nature again o resume her rustic sblendend desolation
	layer_10: sad how sad to think that the day will come weth not a vastage of this wonde remass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beatem shoull nly be heard and nature again resume her rustic splendend desolation
	layer_12: sad how sad to think that the day will come wheth not a vastage of this wonderre mass of human energy shall remain with the cry of the wharf bad and beat em shoull only be heard and nature again resume her rustic splended desolation

file: 1585-157660-0005.flac
expected: the devil's tavern was a resort for actors authors bohemians lords and ladies who did not retire early to their downy couches
	layer_2: the devewas t heaven was sta resord for acters o thrs ba heeiins thors and lades who dit no retign early to thea downind coucius
	layer_4: the devas t heaven was the resort for actors authors behemins flors and ladies who a dit now retime early to thir downingd couches
	layer_6: the devilestheaven was the resort for actors authors bahemiaons flors and ladies who  did not retime early to their downingt couches
	layer_8: the devilist heaven was the resort for actors authors behemians floors and ladies who did not retine early to their downing couches
	layer_10: the devilist heaven was ta resort for actors arthors bohemins floors and ladies who did not retirne early to their downing couches
	layer_12: the devilist heaven was ta resort for actors authors bohemians floors and ladies who did not retirne early to their downinge couches

file: 1585-157660-0006.flac
expected: william and myself soon found rest in deep slumber and wafted away into a dreamless realm our tired bodies lay in the enfolding arms of morpheus until the porter knocked at our door the next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_2: well o ad my sou soo faun rest in dipes lumbern wao wafted away ntow ouadremeliys rim oure tied botis laynd thef ing folwing arm soe morforcs un to the patte nok it aur doword nex morning aste clok of the towraestruck the our of ni
	layer_4: well on an my sou soon foundrast indeps lumberin a wafted away into a dreamelys rim our tied bot ist lay ing thi ing foing arm some moreforse an to the potte nock at our drd next borning ask te clock of the towrestruck the our of nine
	layer_6: well on and my sau soon found rast in deep slumburn and wafted away into a treamlys rim our tied bodes lay in the infoing arm soe morephurst unto the poter knock at our dor next morning as the'clock of the towr e struck the hour of nighe
	layer_8: wellow and my seuth soon found rest in deep slumberng and wafted away into a dreamlyss rim our tied botis lay in theinfoing armsam morphrs unto the potten knockd at our dor next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_10: wellon and myself soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tied bodies lay in the infoding arms om morphous unto the potten knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the tower struck the hour of nine
	layer_12: wellon and my seuf soon found rest in deep slumbering and wafted away into a dreamless rim our tide bodies lay in the infoding arms om morphus unto the potten knocked at our door next morning as the clock of the towr struck the hour of nine

file: 1585-157660-0007.flac
expected: our first sight of sunrise in london gave us great expectations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations
	layer_2: ia fir sud of son risinglan a gif ats greade expitations of fame edfordton for surally alwe hadt ras glowing exatations
	layer_4: o first st of sun rising lend a givef ats gread expetations of fame and fordtun for surely alwe had was glowing expetationse
	layer_6: ao first sidt of sung rising landa gie asgread expitations of fame and fortune for surely alway had was glowing expetations
	layer_8: ou first sight of sun rising landa givf ats gread expitations of fame and fortune for surely alwey had was glowing expitations
	layer_10: our first sight of sunrising lend a give us great expetations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expetations
	layer_12: our first sight of sun rising lend ta give us great expertations of fame and fortune for surely all we had was glowing expectations

file: 1585-157660-0008.flac
expected: oft expectation fails and most oft there where most it promises and oft it hits where hope is coldest and despair most fits
	layer_2: afd exwitation fous and most af ther wheremost epromises and ofh a heids where hope wish codust and espair most fids
	layer_4: aft expitation fouse and most af there where most a promisus and of a hids were hobe its codest and hespar most fhits
	layer_6: aft expetation thous and most aft there where most a promises and off a hidts were hoe as codest and tde spaire most fits
	layer_8: afte expitation thous and most af there were most a promises and off a hids where hope is codest and desparemost fits
	layer_10: after expotation fous and most aft there were most a promises and of e hids where hope is codest and despar most fits
	layer_12: after expetation fous and most aft there were most a promises and of e hids where hope is codest and despar most fits

file: 1585-157660-0009.flac
expected: deuces won double and sixes treble coin
	layer_2: duses one dobber wen sixties trabicoyn
	layer_4: dusus one dobl when sixes trebicoin
	layer_6: dusis one dablr when sixes trebicoyn
	layer_8: deucis one doba wen sixis trabocoi
	layer_10: deucis one bowin sixis trabocoin
	layer_12: deucis one owen sixis trebocoi

file: 1585-157660-0010.flac
expected: william to the great amazement of the dealer flung a guinea in the center pot which was immediately tapped by jack while the others looked on in silent expectation
	layer_2: wellem to the greade amasemend of the dilar flong ea gnnig in that senaupot which wrs inmedialy t hept by jack wa they others tlooked on in silen expitation
	layer_4: well em to the greayd amasement of the dillar flong aginning in tha scanapot whichworse immedilly t hept by jack whild the others looked on in siling expitation
	layer_6: well him to the great amazement of the dillar flung agining in thesanapot which weres immedialely teppt by jack whil the otherst looked on in sileng expitation
	layer_8: well em to the great amazement of the dillar flung agining in the sanapot which wers immediately epped by jack whiled the others looked on in sileng expitation
	layer_10: welum to the great amazement of the diller flung a ginnin in the sanapot which wers immediately tepped by jack while the others looked on in silent expetation
	layer_12: welum t the great amazement of the diller flung a guinni in the sanapot which wers immediately epped by jack while the others looked on in silent expertation

file: 1585-157660-0011.flac
expected: the polite jack replied all right sir take your word for it
	layer_2: the piht jacg reput i'l risor take a worde for it
	layer_4: the plite jack reput i'll rie ir take a word for it
	layer_6: the plit jacg repied i'll rise sir take a word for it
	layer_8: the plit jack replied i'll rite sir take a word for it
	layer_10: the plite jack replied all rite sir take a word for it
	layer_12: the plite jack replied all rite sir take a word for it

file: 1585-157660-0012.flac
expected: i have set my life upon a cast and will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_2: i avf saind my life upon the cast o wi stendthe hauserd of the dy
	layer_4: i ave set my live upon the cas a will stande housart of the die
	layer_6: i have seid my life upon the cast a will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_8: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the die
	layer_10: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye
	layer_12: i have sent my life upon the cast i will stand the hazard of the dye

file: 1585-157660-0013.flac
expected: i immediately followed in his footsteps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infant bull pups she was fondling in her capacious lap
	layer_2: i  meedelli followd in his fr st aps hind foun oma jolki with he lenloady abo a copo ove inton bo paps she was fanderling her compacious lap
	layer_4: imeedel aifollowed ing his fstaps and founim a jolkig with he len loady abouto copo of ingthan bo paps she was fandeling her compacious lap
	layer_6: i meedily followed in his firstaps and foundhima jolkin with e lendlody about a coupor of ingfan boo paps she was fondling her campacious lap
	layer_8: im mediately followed in his firt steps and found him a jogin with ae lanlady about a couple of ingfan boo paps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_10: i immediately followed in his fot steps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of inland boo peraps she was fondling her capacious lap
	layer_12: i immediately followed in his fot steps and found him joking with the landlady about a couple of infand boo peraps she was fondling her capacious lap

file: 1585-157660-0014.flac
expected: if he had dropped out of the clouds william could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciprocal
	layer_2: i he hat jobped out of he clouts will an culd not have bing more pleased o suprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_4: ithe had jopped out of a clouts will em could not have beeng more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprco
	layer_6: iff he had jopped out of a clouts well hanm could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciprco
	layer_8: if he had jopped out of a clou's willham could not have been more pleased o surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_10: if he had jopped out of a clouds williham could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco
	layer_12: if he had jopped out of a clouds williham could not have been more pleased or surprised and the feeling was reciproco

file: 1585-157660-0015.flac
expected: the printing shop of field was only a short distance from the devil's tavern and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_2: the prinyg shop a fo was owling a shor distens fromn the dav was taven and we wering vited to visi they stablishmend
	layer_4: the prining shop a fou was oling a sore distance from the devas taven and we were ing vided to visithey stablishment
	layer_6: the prining shop af fow was owling a sore distance from the devil's taven and we were ingvided to visi te stablishmend
	layer_8: the prining chap of fau was owing a shor distance from the devi's taven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_10: the prining schapaffau was owing a short distance from the devil'staven and we were invited to visit the establishment
	layer_12: the printing chapafau was owing a short distance from the devilstaven and we were invited to visit the establishment

file: 1585-157660-0016.flac
expected: james burbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of william and blurted out in his bluff manner what do you know
	layer_2: jame s probagh gasd fore moened ond the maly for m a willam amd plariy aut in his blove mener what do u know
	layer_4: james robege gased for a momaned ond the maly form awillhim and blurty out in his flove minter what do you know
	layer_6: jamesvrobage gazed for a moment ond the manly forma willam and blurty out in his flauvh minner what do you know
	layer_8: james broybidge gazed for a moment an the manly former willam and bluti out in his baufminner what do you know
	layer_10: james vrbage gazed for a moment on the manly form of willam and blurted out in his blaugh manner what do you know
	layer_12: james vrobage gazed for a moment on the manly form of willam and bluted out in his flaufh manner what do you know

file: 8254-115543-0000.flac
expected: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_2: the nex day every wudin the hous began to make preparations worththe dorny
	layer_4: the next day everybod in the house began to mek preparations wor ha gourney
	layer_6: the next day everybodyin the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_8: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_10: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey
	layer_12: the next day everybody in the house began to make preparations for the journey

file: 8254-115543-0001.flac
expected: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_2: everything was denvary lasiurly though thr s a lotto taking an disputing and the giving of contry ordiers
	layer_4: everything was dan very lasurely though there as a lot of talking an dispoting and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_6: everything was done very laisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooding and the giving of contrary ordiers
	layer_8: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and dispooting and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_10: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders
	layer_12: everything was done very leisurely though there was a lot of talking and disputing and the giving of contrary orders

file: 8254-115543-0002.flac
expected: the old porter was there directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and bags of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_2: the old porder wasfhaire dracting a scoding the serants of they piled the rugk sompliankets and bags of thooude and pugtcs and pans anddiciesin to the wagen
	layer_4: the old porter was thare dructing a scoding the servants ofs they piled the rugsom blnkets and begs of lhood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_6: the old porter was there drecting ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of lood and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_8: the old porter was tere directing ascoding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_10: the old porter was tare directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon
	layer_12: the old porter was fare directing and scolding the servants as they piled the rugs and blankets and begs of food and pots and pans and dishes into the wagon

file: 8254-115543-0003.flac
expected: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_2: there was quite o persession o an that lasd the bick wekin rumbd out thrugh the gite way
	layer_4: there was quite o percession owhin that last the big weggin rumbld out through the git way
	layer_6: there was quite a procession anwhen that last the big waggon rumbled out through the gitway
	layer_8: there was quite a processionwhenat last the big wagon rumbled out through the gatway
	layer_10: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway
	layer_12: there was quite a procession when at last the big wagon rumbled out through the gateway

file: 8254-115543-0004.flac
expected: behind it came the grandmother in her dhoolie dak a sort of a litter or easy chair swung between two long poles
	layer_2: behined a camed the gan mother and her doly dack a st o ra littter wor easye chair some be tween too lon pos
	layer_4: behind a came the granmother and her duly dack a sootof a litter wor easy chair some between two lom pos
	layer_6: behind i came the grandmother ind her duly deck asoot of a litter or easy chair some between two long pos
	layer_8: behind i came to the grandmother in her duly deck a soot of a litter or easy chair sume between two long poles
	layer_10: behind i came to the grandmother in her duly deck a sort of litter or easy chair sum between two long poles
	layer_12: behind i came to the grandmother in her duly deck a sort of a litter or easy chair sum between two long poles

file: 8254-115543-0005.flac
expected: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside the slow moving wagon
	layer_2: besiysed the foumly therere many servent and sovere others walcked besied t ar slomoving wagon
	layer_4: besised the family there wre many servants and suveral others walked beside a slow moving waiggon
	layer_6: besiszed the family there were many servants and suver others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_8: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_10: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon
	layer_12: besides the family there were many servants and several others walked beside a slow moving wagon

file: 8254-115543-0006.flac
expected: the cook too went with them
	layer_2: the cok to won with them
	layer_4: the cook to wone with them
	layer_6: the cook towo went with them
	layer_8: the cook too went with them
	layer_10: the cook too went with them
	layer_12: the cook too went with them

file: 8254-115543-0007.flac
expected: good bye shouted little nao from his garden wall as they went by good bye
	layer_2: good by shadded littenoufrm mis card en walstey won by ged by
	layer_4: ged by shaded littlenou from isscarden wals they wen by goid by
	layer_6: good by shuted littlenow from his carden was dey wont by god by
	layer_8: good bye shouted little nol from his garden wils they went by good bye
	layer_10: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilst they went by good bye
	layer_12: good bye shouted little now from his garden whilst they went by good bye

file: 8254-115543-0008.flac
expected: they shouted greetings to their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old fakir smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_2: they shawd a greding so the friend  the pater as e pasthim andosoe to the old facur smeared oa over with ashes whe satnd a little brickut by the bise and botended to make wonterful curs
	layer_4: they shouta greding srouh their frienda the poter as thepast hom an eso to the od facter smeired ae overg witho ashes who satan an little brikhut by the bridge and pertended to make wonderful curs
	layer_6: they shouetedgreeting troug their friend the patter as they passed him and also to the old factur smered al over with  ashes who sat in in little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_8: they shouted greeting hrough their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facure smeaered allover with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_10: they shouted greeting though their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brig hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures
	layer_12: they shouted greeting through their friend the potter as they passed him and also to the old facur smeared all over with ashes who sat in a little brick hut by the bridge and pretended to make wonderful cures

file: 8254-115543-0009.flac
expected: this is more fun than going to school said chola as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_2: this is morf han the goin esco e collar as ther axksom plardi along trer clous of dest
	layer_4: this is morefen the going ou schoo secola as the oxompladed alone through clous of dest
	layer_6: this is more fun the going to school sidcola as the oxemploted alone through clous of dest
	layer_8: this is more fund ther going to school said cola as the ox em ploted along through clous of dust
	layer_10: this is more fund tha going to school said colah as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust
	layer_12: this is more fund ta going to school said colah as the oxen plodded along through clouds of dust

file: 8254-115543-0010.flac
expected: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts run quite wild
	layer_2: thes love ly pirs a funnearly everyworn anda and in someparts wrano quit wild
	layer_4: these lovely birs are founniarly everywer ian endea and in some parts wer in quite wild
	layer_6: these lovely birds are foun nearly everywere in endiea and in some parts wre inquite wild
	layer_8: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts are in quite wild
	layer_10: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts ore in quite wild
	layer_12: these lovely birds are found nearly everywhere in india and in some parts ore in quite wild

file: 8254-115543-0011.flac
expected: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_2: his long maded air hung on has shoutrs and ye was saing his prars with the help of the rosery of bes which she continealy pad the his hans
	layer_4: his flong madded hair hung on his shoders and he was sing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beats which he continually passd ther his hands
	layer_6: his flong madded hair hung on his showders and he was seeing his prayers with the help of a rosery of beads which he continually passed thoug his hands
	layer_8: his long matted hair hung on his shouders and he was siing his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passedthrough his hands
	layer_10: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands
	layer_12: his long matted hair hung on his shoulders and he was saying his prayers with the help of a rosary of beads which he continually passed through his hands

file: 8254-115543-0012.flac
expected: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bowl saying give oh charitable people to this holy one
	layer_2: as the waging came up heyon mant ho h a company the wholly man rannup and howdout abeakging ble saing givt o churedable people to this holly one
	layer_4: as the wagan came up a young man who a company the wholy man ran up and how dout a begging bl saying give o churried able people to this holy one
	layer_6: as the wegon came up a young man who accompany the holly man ran up and how dout a begging boll saying give ocherritable people to this wholy one
	layer_8: as the wegon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_10: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging bull saying give o charitable people to this holy one
	layer_12: as the wagon came up a young man who accompanied the holy man ran up and held out a begging buwl saying give o charitable people to this holy one

file: 8254-115543-0013.flac
expected: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_2: no conty in the wood has so mana bagers as indea
	layer_4: no country in the wood has so many bagrs as indea
	layer_6: no country in the world has so many baggers as india
	layer_8: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_10: no country in the world has so many beggars as india
	layer_12: no country in the world has so many beggars as india

file: 8254-115543-0014.flac
expected: many of them are called holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_2: many of the man cot holy men becaus they do nothing bamake po grmages re on sicoud pliace o  nother the ving soully on the ams that agiinto them
	layer_4: many of them un caut holy men because tley do nothing but make pigramages from one securtd place sto another thou ving soully on the alms tat er gven to them
	layer_6: many of them a caughd holly men because tey do nothing but make pilgramages from one sacret place to another living solly on the alms thate ere given to them
	layer_8: many of them are caughd wholly men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacret place to another living solely on the alms that are given to them
	layer_10: many of them are caughed wholy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them
	layer_12: many of them are caughed holy men because they do nothing but make pilgrimages from one sacred place to another living solely on the arms that are given to them

file: 8254-115543-0015.flac
expected: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_2: and the had eton their lench the yom e b wontraxplor the gardin near them
	layer_4: when they had eatin their lunch the yount pe beon dor explore the gard in near them
	layer_6: when they had eaten their lunch the young peop be wen to explore the garden near them
	layer_8: when they had eaten their lunch the young people wane to explore the garden near them
	layer_10: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them
	layer_12: when they had eaten their lunch the young people went to explore the garden near them

file: 8254-115543-0016.flac
expected: perhaps there are dogs said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar cane down by a stream
	layer_2: perhap ther doks him me hola a litae fiarfully but hey for got about dogs ond the sawht the gete of shouldre king down py sd stren
	layer_4: perhapes ther r dos an mahalla a little fearfully but they fore got about dogs on the saugt the get of shouldre king down by s strem
	layer_6: perhaps they ar dog said mahalla a little fearfully but they fore got about dogs rem they saw thickit of shudre king down by s stream
	layer_8: perhaps there are dog said mahala a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs hen they saw a thicket of suge king down by is stream
	layer_10: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of shugary king down by i stream
	layer_12: perhaps there are dogs said mahalla a little fearfully but they forgot about dogs when they saw a thicket of sugar king down by i stream

file: 8254-115543-0017.flac
expected: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploughing by the stream said chola
	layer_2: prap soo comby some from the man theur he is now ploling be the schren sai cola
	layer_4: perhaps oo can biy some from the man there he is now ploing by the stren said caolla
	layer_6: perhaps wu can by some from the man there he is now plowing by the stream said colla
	layer_8: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now plowging by the stream said kola
	layer_10: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploing by the stream said cola
	layer_12: perhaps we can buy some from the man there he is now ploing by the stream said colah

file: 8254-115543-0018.flac
expected: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a long stalk of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_2: it his the kin for watersai the farmer as he took alost fuc o kain and jently kited at jownto h s ghreme
	layer_4: it has theokin for water said the farmer as he took a last fecke of cane and gently gided at jown to thesjreme
	layer_6: it is lookin for water said the farmer as he took a lowst feck of kane and gently guided it jown to the stream
	layer_8: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a loss felc of kane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_10: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost fek of cane and gently guided it down to the stream
	layer_12: it is looking for water said the farmer as he took a lost feck of cane and gently guided it down to the stream

file: 8254-115543-0019.flac
expected: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure one for anything
	layer_2: the snake as an nothersticret animal of the hindoese and the ae now ciler inger a wend for anything
	layer_4: the snake as tanother sacredt animal of the hinduos and they wae no kill r injer won for anything
	layer_6: the snake is hanother stacred animal of the hindes and they wile not kill or injur wone for anything
	layer_8: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindos an they wold not kill or injure wene for anything
	layer_10: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindus and they would not kill or injure wen for anything
	layer_12: the snake is another sacred animal of the hindos and they would not kill or injure wen for anything

file: 8254-115543-0020.flac
expected: as they were about to move on again they saw a great cloud of dust down the road
	layer_2: as thenm abut to mo won again the sagry cod owe dusts den the road
	layer_4: ask them rebout i meo von again they sa grey cloudo dust gan the road
	layer_6: as them erabout to moveone again they sargree cloudo dust gan the road
	layer_8: as theywer about to move on again they saw gre cloud of dust down the road
	layer_10: as they were about to move on again they saw gry cloud of dust down the road
	layer_12: as they were about to move on again they saw gry cloud of dust down the road

file: 8254-115543-0021.flac
expected: it turned out that it was a great and powerful rajah going in state on a journey to visit another rajah or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern india was formerly made up
	layer_2: ar tun dot that ai wose thet grey im powrfl rega gong an stheay on aduny to wais a aunothe reja oer ruwler of wone of the smal king doms ore stats of which mardrn inddios formly madu
	layer_4: artuned dout that i wis tha ge ampowerful rega goilan stay on a doun to wits e another rega er rular of one of the smal king doms or states of which marden andias formely madu
	layer_6: eturned out that it was thegrea ampowerful rega goligin sta on a jounity wash t another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which madent endeio s formerly madea
	layer_8: iturn tout that it was ta great and powerful rega goligan sta on a jurnyto wash another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modent an deal was formerly mada
	layer_10: i turned out that it was a great and powerful rhega goliin state on a jounyr do with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern and do was formerly made up
	layer_12: i turned out that it was a great and powerful rhega goi in state on a jounyr do with another rega or ruler of one of the small kingdoms or states of which modern and deo was formerly made up

file: 8254-115543-0022.flac
expected: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_2: first the came of bic elosant ou deccorade with silkan gold an siover
	layer_4: frst the came of big elepant ou decoraded with silcen gold and silver
	layer_6: first there came o big elephant aur decorated with silken gold end silver
	layer_8: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold end silver
	layer_10: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver
	layer_12: first there came a big elephant all decorated with silk and gold and silver

file: 8254-115543-0023.flac
expected: on the elephant's back was a howdah which is like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross legged was the rajah a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels with a great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_2: on the eltan spack wit was te houde whicus thik h bik chare the canope overit and in this sittin crost ligt was the reja have bike fat fellow drestin colods soksind jule a the great dameind sep plumin his terben
	layer_4: on the elethan spack wit was the howde which us thike a big chairo the canipy over it and in this sitting crossliht was the reja ha big fat fellow drestin colordi siks and jel  the great daman sit plom in us terban
	layer_6: on the elephant spack whit was the howda which is like a big chair of e chanopy over it and in this sitting crosslight was the ruga ha big fat fellow dressed in colored soaks and jewels the great diamond set plume in his turban
	layer_8: on the elephan's pack wt was the houde which is like a big chair witf ha canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in colored silks and jewels the great diamond sit plum in his turban
	layer_10: on the elephant's back w was the howda which wis like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudga a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond sit plume in his turban
	layer_12: on the elephant's back was the houda which wis like a big chair with a canopy over it and in this sitting cross light was the rudja a big fat fellow dressed in coloured silks and jewels the great diamond sit plume in his turban

file: 8254-115543-0024.flac
expected: behind the howdah stood a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rajah's head
	layer_2: the hind the howdus that as surven hoting a bicom brilloa o fin feathens over the ragas head
	layer_4: tehind the how dus that a servan hoding oa bigon brella a fon feathes over the redjashead
	layer_6: behind the how des that a servan hoding a bigambrella a fin featherns over the rudg as head
	layer_8: behind the howdust that a servant holding a bi umbrella a fine feathers over the regas head
	layer_10: behind the howdust that a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the regas's head
	layer_12: behind the howdusk that a servant holding a big umbrella of fine feathers over the rega's head

file: 8254-115543-0025.flac
expected: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast by prodding him on one side or the other with an iron shod stick or goad
	layer_2: the driwer sa on the neck of the elopant and guided the bik bese thap e prording her lon sit whor the other wit t an aur shad stick or gold
	layer_4: the driwer sa on the neck of the elepant and guided the big beastt ha bepraowrding he mo one side hor the other with an ourn shard o stick or gold
	layer_6: the dri were sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast tap beprouding him a one side or the other with an iran shat  stick or gold
	layer_8: the drier sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that pe prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shatd stick or gold
	layer_10: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shard stick or gold
	layer_12: the driver sat on the neck of the elephant and guided the big beast that be prouding him on one side or the other with an iron shard stick or gold

file: 8254-115543-0026.flac
expected: isn't it fine to ride like that on a big elephant
	layer_2: as in at fin tor rila gown oaf bik elithent
	layer_4: is in it fine to rilik thou n of big elepfent
	layer_6: i's i' it fine to rilec thot ind a big elephant
	layer_8: itsn't it fine to riaelic that on a big elephant
	layer_10: iisn't it fine to ry lik that on a big elephant
	layer_12: isn't it fine to ri like that on a big elephant

file: 8254-115543-0027.flac
expected: and all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great rajah and his escort
	layer_2: na the r uss of the day hed littrfok toe of nothing wit the great a jines ecot
	layer_4: n ar theress of the day thand little folk tolked of nothing with the great rar jinhis escot
	layer_6: and allthe res of the day the little folk talked of nothing bith the great ra jianas escot
	layer_8: an all the res of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginas esco
	layer_10: on all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginas esco
	layer_12: on all the rest of the day the little folk talked of nothing but the great raginas esco

file: 8254-115543-0028.flac
expected: our party came to a halt among many other bullock carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for food at the little booths
	layer_2: r party cim to a heout a mo many otheir belock carts the onars of whichroarity sitting aroun han the ground coulkhingtis suppers abarganning sforfoe adthe littl booth
	layer_4: our party came to a hout a momany other belock carts the owners of which rariaty sitting arround on the ground cooking thi suppers or barganning for foe a the little booth
	layer_6: our party came to a halt a moe many other bulock carts the ownes of which uaready sitting around on the ground cooking ther suppers or bargenning for fooet a the little booth
	layer_8: our party came to a halt a mo many other buloc carts the oners of which we already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for foe atd aer little booth
	layer_10: our party came to a halt among many other bulocqu carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for fooed and a little booth
	layer_12: our party came to a halt among many other buloq carts the owners of which were already sitting around on the ground cooking their suppers or bargaining for fooed and ta little booth

file: 8254-115543-0029.flac
expected: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sorts of puddings and sweets
	layer_2: these the sed for plates he pben them up wih their bordrace and curry endfirsh and o stowrs of putttingshn sets
	layer_4: these they used for plats he pbing them up with their booed rice and cury and fish and i storse of puttings and seets
	layer_6: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boild rice and coury and fish and al stors of puttings and seets
	layer_8: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all stores of puttings and sweets
	layer_10: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets
	layer_12: these they used for plates heaping them up with their boiled rice and curry and fish and all sores of puttings and sweets

file: 8254-115543-0030.flac
expected: as supper was being eaten another party stopped at the parao and camped not far away
	layer_2: a suppero was been neatin unother poardy stopfteof the parow and cap to no far awit
	layer_4: a supper was been needon another pardty stop fhat the pawrow and capd to nof faur awitk
	layer_6: a supera was been neten another party stoppd tat the para and camp enof faur awik
	layer_8: a supper was beeng eaten another partye stopped at the paro and camped ino far awa
	layer_10: a supper was beeng eaten another party stopped at the paral and camped not far away
	layer_12: a supper was beng eaten another party stopped at the paral and camped inot far away

file: 8254-115543-0031.flac
expected: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haughty
	layer_2: whe the liter was py down he oun boicetepdoubt wicanmury hrowd and holty
	layer_4: when the liter was pu down e yun boysestepp dout bie kan mery howd and halty
	layer_6: when the litter was put down a young boy steppedoubt biking verry oud and halty
	layer_8: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out blooking very proud and haulty
	layer_10: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out loking very proud and haugty
	layer_12: when the litter was put down a young boy stepped out looking very proud and haugty

file: 8254-115543-0032.flac
expected: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit on and rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep every one at a distance
	layer_2: has soence ai en spereta harnds am ruk n the goan for him to sido a reshed about waiding o him takin goo cared to kep every one und a jistan
	layer_4: has survance i enc sprat o handsomd rug on the gown for him to sidal a reshed about waiting o him toaking good care to kep every one unt a justant
	layer_6: his servants a ence spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit all i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep everyone ondadjistit
	layer_8: his servants at one spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit oll i rushed about waiting o him taking good care to keep everyone atdadjusti
	layer_10: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit of a rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone ata jesti
	layer_12: his servants at once spread a handsome rug on the ground for him to sit of a rushed about waiting on him taking good care to keep everyone ato jestin

file: 8254-115543-0033.flac
expected: yes and how he orders every one about him
	layer_2: yes an shal he ord is everyou one a bou him
	layer_4: yes in hall he ordes every one about him
	layer_6: yes n how he orders every one about him
	layer_8: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_10: yes and how he orders everyone about him
	layer_12: yes and how he orders every one about him

file: 8254-115543-0034.flac
expected: around the little brahmin's neck was a thin cord or thread which was the sign of his high caste
	layer_2: aronde little broumoncs n nheck as a thin corderf dread which as the sine of has hi cast
	layer_4: arounde little bromins neck oas a thin cord orf dreiad which wis the sin of his high cast
	layer_6: around a little bramin sneck wos a thin corder dread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_8: around the little brawman's neck o's a thin cordof tdhread which is tha sign of his high cast
	layer_10: around the little braman's neck oes a thin quorder thread which is the sign of his high cast
	layer_12: around the little braman's neck os a thin quordero thread which is the sign of his high caste

file: 8254-115543-0035.flac
expected: meanwhile the haughty little brahmin ate his supper with his head turned away so no one could see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_2: meanwile the hol te litt e braman i his supper wen thi s hade turne d away so kno nca seye him eat and then giring tired of respeful glanes of the crowd aroun him he cot un trws litter again and the serancs fastin the crtance tetly aroundim
	layer_4: meanwile the holty little bramon eight his supperm hen thes heid turned away so nolunchasey him eat and then giring tired of respetfl glances of the crowd around him he gagt unteo has litter again nd the servancs fast ind the critaence tightly arroun hom
	layer_6: meanwhile the hulty little bramon ade his supper when the s head turned away so no luncasey him eat and then goring tired of respetful glances of the crowd around him he gat into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtaints tightly around him
	layer_8: meanwhile the halty little brammon ade his supper when thes head turned away sa noluncha see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_10: meanwhile the hauty little brammon ate his supper when this head turned away saw nolyn cule see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him
	layer_12: meanwhile the hauty little brammon ate his supper when his head turned away saw nolyn coule see him eat and then growing tired of respectful glances of the crowd around him he got into his litter again and the servants fastened the curtains tightly around him

file: 8254-115543-0036.flac
expected: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_2: ary bed y sep sounly and spiter the fackt that one of the surmrence was beating and dra mus of the night werchs they rilly believed with theway to keepof evil spiards
	layer_4: arerybode sep sounly and spiteof the fact thaut one of the serince was beating a druw mos of the night which they rilly believed with the way to keep of evil spirids
	layer_6: everybody sep soundly and spiteof the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum esst of the night which they relly believed wits the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_8: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the servants was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the wey to keep off evil spirits
	layer_10: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermons was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits
	layer_12: everybody slept soundly in spite of the fact that one of the sermons was beating a drum most of the night which they really believed was the way to keep off evil spirits

file: 8254-115543-0037.flac
expected: oh the thieves he cried
	layer_2: o the thes he crid
	layer_4: o the fhese he cried
	layer_6: o the thees he cried
	layer_8: o the theese he cried
	layer_10: o the thies he cried
	layer_12: o the this he cried

file: 8254-115543-0038.flac
expected: they are as bad as the beggars
	layer_2: therf s pat as the bkers
	layer_4: there of spat es the bagers
	layer_6: theyre asbates the bagrs
	layer_8: they're ofa bad as the bakers
	layer_10: they're as bad as the bakers
	layer_12: they're as bad as the bakers

file: 8254-115543-0039.flac
expected: what art thou guarding so carefully shriya asked her brother
	layer_2: wha ar thogh garting s o kcarferly shea ask ter brether
	layer_4: wel ar though garding so care fully srea asked ther brother
	layer_6: wall arthoug guarding so carefully shria asked her brother
	layer_8: will artho guarding so carefully shrea asked her brother
	layer_10: while arthou guarding so carefully shrea asked her brother
	layer_12: while arthou guarding so carefully shrea asked her brother

file: 8254-115543-0040.flac
expected: he and chola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_2: he an cll o were walking be sai the weakin for a change
	layer_4: he ancol o were walking besi the weagen for ha change
	layer_6: he ancola were walking besaid the wegon for a change
	layer_8: he and kola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_10: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change
	layer_12: he and cola were walking beside the wagon for a change

file: 8254-115543-0041.flac
expected: the lattices were raised so shriya and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_2: the lat ases risteh so che an a mother and ant could injoye the fesh air
	layer_4: the lad ases erised sou ci and e mother and aunt could enjoy the fesh air
	layer_6: the ladesses were ised soshe and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_8: the laddisces wer ised soshia and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_10: the lattices were rise d soshi and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air
	layer_12: the lattices were riset soshi and her mother and aunt could enjoy the fresh air

file: 8254-115543-0042.flac
expected: they are my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_2: there my dos a the littre giral sauly a she pad e the bundeo be sider
	layer_4: there my dolls stat the little girl saundly a she pado the bunder be sider
	layer_6: there my dolls said the little girl saundly as she pated the bunder beysideher
	layer_8: there my dolls said the little girl sadly as she pated the bunder beside her
	layer_10: they're my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her
	layer_12: they're my dolls said the little girl sadly as she patted the bundle beside her

file: 8254-115543-0043.flac
expected: i take them as an offering to the holy river poor little woman
	layer_2: i ee then wuth an offorinon to the holy rover por let le woman
	layer_4: i tate them wuh an offerng to the wholy rover poor little woman
	layer_6: i take them withan offerning to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_8: i take them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_10: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman
	layer_12: i tate them with an offering to the holy rover poor little woman

file: 8254-115543-0044.flac
expected: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_2: mus thoustacrfise thy to is too
	layer_4: must tho sacrifise thy toys to
	layer_6: must thow sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_8: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_10: must thou sacrifice thy toys too
	layer_12: must thou sacrifice thy toys too

file: 8254-115543-0045.flac
expected: smiled her uncle as he patted her head
	layer_2: smader uncl she paded her head
	layer_4: smalder uncle ase padted her head
	layer_6: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_8: smalder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_10: smallder uncle as he patted her head
	layer_12: smallder uncle as he patted her head

file: 8254-84205-0000.flac
expected: chapter forty nine griggs is stubborn
	layer_2: chapter forty nin graxs istupen
	layer_4: chapter fory nine griks istubin
	layer_6: chapter forty nine grigs is tuben
	layer_8: chapter forty nine greks is stubborn
	layer_10: chapter forty nine greegs is stubborn
	layer_12: chapter forty nine greegs is stubborn

file: 8254-84205-0001.flac
expected: the days glided by with the stiffness in chris lee's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_2: the days gided by woith the stifness in crispiese tlemb s growing lust painful and the pony recovering tast for he clear  mountinars eime to at ic a cur for woonds
	layer_4: the days glided by woith the stiffness in cristplese timsgrowing lesst painful and the pony recovering tfast for the clear mountinair seeme to act lie a cur  for woons
	layer_6: the days gladed by with the stiffness and christfese limbps growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the cleara mountainair seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_8: the days glided by with the stiffness an cristtes limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountainairs seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_10: the days glided by with the stifftness in crispty's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds
	layer_12: the days glided by with the stifftness in crispty's limbs growing less painful and the pony recovering fast for the clear mountain air seemed to act like a cure for wounds

file: 8254-84205-0002.flac
expected: every day that came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_2: every da they came shod thet indret animl anpettter contition
	layer_4: every day the came showd the indred animal inbetter condition
	layer_6: every day thet came showed the indred animal an better condition
	layer_8: every day the came showed the injred animal in better condition
	layer_10: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition
	layer_12: every day the came showed the injured animal in better condition

file: 8254-84205-0003.flac
expected: its efforts to move no longer made chris wince and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing the mustang suffer
	layer_2: ats effers to move nalonger mad chrisewense and forgete his on pins ind thosey fel tat seng the musting suffer
	layer_4: ats effors to move na longer made criseens and forget his own pains in thosey felt at seng themusthing suffer
	layer_6: its effortst to move o longer made chrisepens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing theye mustane suffer
	layer_8: its efforts to move no longer made christepens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing they mustain suffer
	layer_10: its efforts to move no longer made chrysipens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing they must ain suffer
	layer_12: its efforts to move no longer made chrysipens and forget his own pains in those he felt at seeing they must ain suffer

file: 8254-84205-0004.flac
expected: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_2: everyoulonm as busy for the keeping watch regary tookup a goot d  of time
	layer_4: every on was busy for the keeping watch reggy took up a good dea o of time
	layer_6: everyone was busy for the keeping watch reglay took up a good deal of time
	layer_8: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_10: everyone was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time
	layer_12: every one was busy for the keeping watch regularly took up a good deal of time

file: 8254-84205-0005.flac
expected: it's all nonsense ned cried chris for them to think they are staying on account of us hullo griggs were you listening
	layer_2: at'sar nong sence ned crarcress for thum tod thint ar their staing on a cound of ush wholo griks woere you litining
	layer_4: it's ar non sense nead cradcras for them to thing th o their staing on a count of us wholo grigs where you lisinning
	layer_6: it's aure nonsense ned criedchris for them to think t at their stayng on account of us wholo grigs where you listening
	layer_8: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hulo griggs were you listening
	layer_10: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us houlo griggs were you listening
	layer_12: it's our nonsense ned cried chris for them to think that they're staying on account of us hulo griggs were you listening

file: 8254-84205-0006.flac
expected: how did your pony go this morning splendid
	layer_2: howdi dyourpony co lhis morning splended
	layer_4: how did your ponigo tis morning splendid
	layer_6: how did your ponigo lhis morning splendid
	layer_8: how did your ponigo this morning splendid
	layer_10: how did your poni go this morning splendid
	layer_12: how did your poni go this morning splendid

file: 8254-84205-0007.flac
expected: just halted a little on the bad leg but it's better than it was yesterday
	layer_2: this hartedte litdr on the baw lig but his bette than a was yestedy
	layer_4: tis hearted a litter on the ba leg but his better than awas yestidy
	layer_6: tus harted a little on the bar leg but is better than it was yesterdy
	layer_8: just hotit a little on the bad leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_10: just hot it a little on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterday
	layer_12: just hot it a little on the ba leg but is better than it was yesterday

file: 8254-84205-0008.flac
expected: did you canter this morning canter
	layer_2: to de candterd his mony canter
	layer_4: ti do counter this morny canter
	layer_6: di do counter this money canter
	layer_8: did you counter this morni canter
	layer_10: did you counter this morning canter
	layer_12: did you counter this morning canter

file: 8254-84205-0009.flac
expected: we went at a good swinging gallop and what about you
	layer_2: wet what ad a git soweean gal op and woult oabl you
	layer_4: wet wha a a gi sween gallop and woald about you
	layer_6: wet want aut a goid swen gallop and what about you
	layer_8: weat went at a good suen gallop and what about you
	layer_10: we at went ot a good sweng gallop and what about you
	layer_12: we at went out a good sweing gallop and what about you

file: 8254-84205-0010.flac
expected: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_2: oa monly  lete sti sto
	layer_4: oh a monly little stifhto
	layer_6: oh i m only little stiff still
	layer_8: oh i'am only a little stiff still
	layer_10: oh i'm only a little stiff still
	layer_12: oh i'm only a little stiff still

file: 8254-84205-0011.flac
expected: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in and out among the mountains
	layer_2: we shallget stran more quiokly journing ovr the plains or climyg in an out amon the mounteins
	layer_4: we shawl get stron more quiokly jorning over the plains or climing in an owt amon the mountance
	layer_6: we shall get strong more quickly journing over the plains or climbing in an out amon the mountains
	layer_8: we shall get strong more quickly journying over the plaines or climbing in an ou among the mountains
	layer_10: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an o among the mountains
	layer_12: we shall get strong more quickly journeying over the plains or climbing in an ow among the mountains

file: 8254-84205-0012.flac
expected: he says we're to start to morrow at daybreak
	layer_2: he sys were dsturcte to morol at dabricke
	layer_4: he sys were disturt to morolg at daybrick
	layer_6: he says were distart to morrow at daybreak
	layer_8: he says we're to start to morrowl at daybreak
	layer_10: he says we're to start to morrowl at daybreak
	layer_12: he says we're to start to morrol at daybreak

file: 8254-84205-0013.flac
expected: hurrah cried chris
	layer_2: horr crudcss
	layer_4: whor cradces
	layer_6: ura cradcas
	layer_8: hura criedchus
	layer_10: hourah cried cus
	layer_12: horah cried cus

file: 8254-84205-0014.flac
expected: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_2: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_4: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_6: but we shat my lad why not
	layer_8: but we shant my lad why not
	layer_10: but we shan't my lad why not
	layer_12: but we shan't my lad why not

file: 8254-84205-0015.flac
expected: because i've seen indians again
	layer_2: bexcast then indians  again
	layer_4: bexefs then indiancs again
	layer_6: becsefs shene indiance again
	layer_8: becaus av seen indians again
	layer_10: because i've seen indians again
	layer_12: because i've seen indians again

file: 8254-84205-0016.flac
expected: oh you're always seeing indians again
	layer_2: ll your allis seein indains again
	layer_4: oh your alwas sing indians again
	layer_6: oh you're always sing indianc again
	layer_8: oh you're always seiing indians again
	layer_10: oh you're always seening indians again
	layer_12: oh you're always seeing indians again

file: 8254-84205-0017.flac
expected: well they showed themselves to me i didn't want them said griggs dryly
	layer_2: while the show them fils tho me idan't wat them sicrextraily
	layer_4: while they show them sfels to me i dan't wat them sicrik striley
	layer_6: while they show themselvs to me i din't wat them si rik stryly
	layer_8: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said grek stryly
	layer_10: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said greks tryly
	layer_12: well they show themselves to me i didn't want them said greks tryly

file: 8254-84205-0018.flac
expected: they're an artful lot never been away at all i believe
	layer_2: dhn artfulot end ere been awa ad o i belace
	layer_4: thern artful logt edverd been away at a i belice
	layer_6: thern artful lot ne erd being away at all i beliese
	layer_8: th'r an artful lot never bin away at all i believe
	layer_10: they're an artful lot never bein away at all i believe
	layer_12: they're an artful lot never bein away at all i believe

file: 8254-84205-0019.flac
expected: we couldn't see em but if we'd made a start they'd have been close upon our heels directly
	layer_2: becouldn' seem bo foew me de stat they had being close upon a he as drackly
	layer_4: wecouldn't see im bo fro me estare they had been close upon ar he as directly
	layer_6: we couldn't see hm bofo you me to start they had been close upon her heeos directly
	layer_8: we couldn't see him  oh fome to start they had been close upon her heels directly
	layer_10: we couldn't see him o fe med o start they had been close upon eur heels directly
	layer_12: we couldn't see him o fe med o start they had been close upon our heels directly

file: 8254-84205-0020.flac
expected: ah you'll have to trap them chris said ned maliciously
	layer_2: ayou have ded chapthn ceres srn en miliciusle
	layer_4: ah you hae to trapt them krs san en miliciusly
	layer_6: ah you have to trap themcers said en maliciously
	layer_8: ah you have to trap the mkers said nenne maliciously
	layer_10: ah you have to trap the mkrs said nen maliciously
	layer_12: ah you have to trap the makres said nen maliciously

file: 8254-84205-0021.flac
expected: look here if you say that again we shall quarrel hear that griggs
	layer_2: loocer f he sfa rt again we shal quair he re t at grigs
	layer_4: look ere ifs hi sad at again we shall quire here at griggs
	layer_6: look her if he' sayt out again we shall quaro here that grigs
	layer_8: look here if hoeu say out again we shall quaro hear that griggs
	layer_10: look here if he say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs
	layer_12: look here if he say that again we shall quarel hear that griggs

file: 8254-84205-0022.flac
expected: oh yes i hear serve you right
	layer_2: oh yes i her serv you wrigt
	layer_4: o yes i here serfe wrigt
	layer_6: oh yes i here sereye right
	layer_8: oh yes i hear sere yu wright
	layer_10: oh yes i hear serve you wright
	layer_12: oh yes i hear serve you right

file: 8254-84205-0023.flac
expected: if you can't show us a better way you had better hold your tongue
	layer_2: is he cant sia ias a bettaway had better holdered ton
	layer_4: is he can' sa us a bed away  had better hold her tonm
	layer_6: if he can' showe as a bett away hou had better hold her tongu
	layer_8: if he can't show us a beterway you hade better hold her tombe
	layer_10: if yheu can't show us a beter way you had better hold yher tongu
	layer_12: if you can't show us a beter way you had better hold her tongue

file: 8254-84205-0024.flac
expected: very well i can do that said ned haughtily
	layer_2: bee ry wall i condo that sai ned hotilly
	layer_4: bery will i can do that said ned hortilly
	layer_6: very well i can do that said ned hotily
	layer_8: very well i can do that said ned haghtily
	layer_10: very well i can do that said ned heaughtily
	layer_12: very well i can do that said ned heaughtily

file: 8254-84205-0025.flac
expected: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_2: theyr that'sa nougf crard cress ton be so petdy  ed
	layer_4: they aet that's a nough crard cress don't be so pedy ned
	layer_6: they ae that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_8: ther that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_10: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned
	layer_12: there that's enough cried chris don't be so petty ned

file: 8254-84205-0026.flac
expected: that's right cried griggs
	layer_2: that sraght cadges
	layer_4: that sright cad giogs
	layer_6: that's right cadgis
	layer_8: that's right cadgirs
	layer_10: that's right cudgis
	layer_12: that's right cudgis

file: 8254-84205-0027.flac
expected: look here lads i've just been trying that place again
	layer_2: laok ear laves of jrsbeing chryind that place gain
	layer_4: look yer laes of drust bing trying that place again
	layer_6: look yer lades of dustbing trying that place again
	layer_8: look here lads of drus being trying that place again
	layer_10: look here lads of ust being trying that place again
	layer_12: look here lads of just being trying that place again

file: 8254-84205-0028.flac
expected: any time the doctor likes
	layer_2: and he teme the dact tor likes
	layer_4: and he time the doc tor liks
	layer_6: and he timed the doctor likes
	layer_8: and he timed the doctor likes
	layer_10: and he time the doctor likes
	layer_12: and he time the doctor likes

file: 8254-84205-0029.flac
expected: being shot at by fellows with bows and arrows sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_2: ben shuht upby felloe thoe boean arows sound's bad enouh but his no muth ruscr
	layer_4: being shot a by fellows te bothin airo sound's bead inoug but this not much risciere
	layer_6: being shot at by fellows of both an arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risqer
	layer_8: being shot at by fellows with both and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk ere
	layer_10: being shot at by fellows with bos and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here
	layer_12: being shot at by fellows with bos and arrow sounds bad enough but there's not much risk here

file: 8254-84205-0030.flac
expected: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_2: i daon't kno about that s e cres ancxciously
	layer_4: i don't kno about that s e cres ancxiously
	layer_6: i don't know about that sachris anxiously
	layer_8: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_10: i don't know about that said chris anxiously
	layer_12: i don't know about that said chris anxiously

file: 8254-84205-0031.flac
expected: don't you well i do
	layer_2: don'to whill idi
	layer_4: don'to will i do
	layer_6: don't o well i do
	layer_8: don't yo well i do
	layer_10: don't you well i do
	layer_12: don't you well i do

file: 8254-84205-0032.flac
expected: i should be running fast and dodging in and out among the rocks and trees
	layer_2: i should bou reannig fast and darging in an ot amon the rock end chres
	layer_4: i should be ranning fast and darging in anout amon the rocks and chees
	layer_6: i should be running fast and darging in an out amon the rocks and chrees
	layer_8: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and chees
	layer_10: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and crees
	layer_12: i should be running fast and darging in and out among the rocks and crees

file: 8254-84205-0033.flac
expected: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_2: bute enibe won be stanning steil coutinud griigs
	layer_4: bu the eneby won be standing stilk cuntinued gruigs
	layer_6: but the eneby won't be standing still continued grigs
	layer_8: but the eneby won't be standing still continued gruiggs
	layer_10: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs
	layer_12: but the enemy won't be standing still continued griggs

file: 8254-84205-0034.flac
expected: i don't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_2: ant belieave this bitte rusk for me i shall bear id
	layer_4: aun't blieve this bitte risk for me i shall be arried
	layer_6: ou't believe thir's abitter risk for me i shall be aulr right
	layer_8: aun't believe the's bitt or risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_10: aun't believe there's a bit of risk for me i shall be all right
	layer_12: aun't believe there's a bit o risk for me i shall be all right

file: 8254-84205-0035.flac
expected: but our animals will be well back in that hollow said chris
	layer_2: but it aunan wos tol be wall back in the hol saicress
	layer_4: but it animls whil be well back in that whole sichris
	layer_6: but it animis wil be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_8: but i animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_10: but i animals will be well back in that hole said chris
	layer_12: but i animals will be well back in that hole said chris

file: 8254-84205-0036.flac
expected: yes my lad but i want them to be planted farther back still
	layer_2: yes milad but a want them to be plinted for the bacxsfill
	layer_4: yes milad but i want them to be plinted for the backs fill
	layer_6: yes milad but i want them to be planted for the backsfill
	layer_8: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for the backsfill
	layer_10: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backs vill
	layer_12: yes my lad but i want them to be planted for ther backs ville

file: 8254-84205-0037.flac
expected: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_2: and the fradt father was saytof the ponts aug to be closat hand
	layer_4: and a fraid fathere was say that the poyth aught to be close that hand
	layer_6: am afraid father wil say that the pomies ought to be close at hand
	layer_8: a'm afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_10: i'm afraid father wil say that the ponies ought to be close at hand
	layer_12: i'm afraid father will say that the ponies ought to be close at hand

file: 8254-84205-0038.flac
expected: yes that's right if it can be done but it would go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who set it
	layer_2: ys that srarit of a cam be don but will go hearde thus all of the indianskyve ok the ba of the chrap und turne upon tose who seid it
	layer_4: yes that stright of it can be done but i'll go hard wi thus all of the indian scive up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_6: yes that stright oif it can be done but iw'll go hard with us all iof the indians gave up the bat of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_8: yes that's rigt if it can be done but i w'll go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bate of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_10: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it
	layer_12: yes that's right if it can be done but it will go hard with us all if the indians gave up the bait of the trap and turned upon those who said it

file: 8254-84205-0039.flac
expected: well you must talk it over with father said chris
	layer_2: whell ou must tackit a roith father sicress
	layer_4: while you must taket a roo ith father sichress
	layer_6: well you must talk it a ru with father sichres
	layer_8: well you must talk it aru with father in sichris
	layer_10: well you must talk it arue with father  sic chris
	layer_12: well you must talk it arue with father  sic chris

file: 8254-84205-0040.flac
expected: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_2: to man y retskans thebou as ai toldou
	layer_4: to many readskins thabout as i toldou
	layer_6: to many redskins about as i told you
	layer_8: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_10: too many redskins about as i told you
	layer_12: too many redskins about as i told you

file: 8254-84205-0041.flac
expected: there are always too many redskins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_2: their al was to manye red skains about crrdcrssipitionly
	layer_4: ther alwas to many redg skinds about craedcrisempitiently
	layer_6: theyr'r always too many redge the skins about cried christimpatiently
	layer_8: ther're always too many regeth skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_10: there're always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently
	layer_12: therere always too many red skins about cried chris impatiently

file: 8254-84205-0042.flac
expected: i wish we could charge them boldly and send them flying over the plains
	layer_2: o washookoald chare them bol iasyind them fling over the plains
	layer_4: i wias shwe could charso them boltus sind them flying over the plains
	layer_6: i wist we could chargeo them bolla sen them flying over the plains
	layer_8: i wish we could charge them bolly a send them flying over the plains
	layer_10: i wish we could charge them boldly a send them flying over the plains
	layer_12: i wish we could charge them boldly ar send them flying over the plains

file: 8254-84205-0043.flac
expected: never to come back again said ned sharply
	layer_2: ne re to comeback a ge said nend sharply
	layer_4: neverd to come back a gain said nen sharbly
	layer_6: never to come back again saind nant sharbly
	layer_8: never to come back again said nee sharply
	layer_10: never to come back again said net sharply
	layer_12: never to come back again said net sharply

file: 8254-84205-0044.flac
expected: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_2: not quite miylade ton do see t ot rplang a er re tiok leshkging
	layer_4: not quite mylads dhoun to see that were plaing af ver rytiok lesh kging
	layer_6: not quite my lads don't yo see that were playng of verytocklush gan
	layer_8: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish gam
	layer_10: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game
	layer_12: not quite my lads don't you see that we're playing a very ticklish game

file: 8254-84205-0045.flac
expected: just then the doctor came into the shelter where the boys had been talking bringing with him wilton who had been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_2: trst then the dactr cam to the shuter withthe boyse ha eing talking bring with han woaton leabein shuding rather tringdto shoot fre y had had no sesessnd they to wore taltieg urnest ly ofbaut ways am s
	layer_4: drest then the dartrcae to the shluder with the boys hapvpeing talking bring with them waton wlebin shooding orathered tring to shote for he had had no socess ad they too were talking eanesly aftout ways a mes
	layer_6: drust then the dartr cameinto the sheuder with a boys havbn talking bring with hem waton ho uvbin shooting oratherd trying to shoot for he had hag no sucessad they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_8: dust then the doctor came into the sheuter with the boys hav been talking bring with them wolton ho haebeen shooting orather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_10: just then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have been talking bring with him warton ho hade been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means
	layer_12: just then the doctor came into the shelter with the boys have been talking bring with him warton who hade been shooting or rather trying to shoot for he had had no success and they too were talking earnestly about ways and means

file: 8254-84205-0046.flac
expected: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_2: ohf ery ar grgs padthe dacter
	layer_4: o er yar grigs pred the dacter
	layer_6: oh here  yor grigs prayed the doctor
	layer_8: oh here  yoar griggs cried the doctor
	layer_10: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor
	layer_12: oh here you are griggs cried the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0047.flac
expected: had a good turn at scouting yes sir
	layer_2: had ae good tne scouting yes sir
	layer_4: had a good tounasgouting yes sir
	layer_6: had a good tun a scoutin yes sir
	layer_8: had a good turne scouting yes sir
	layer_10: had a good turn of scouting yes sir
	layer_12: had a good turn o scouting yes sir

file: 8254-84205-0048.flac
expected: the indians have shifted their quarters and they're in about as awkward a position as they could contrive for our purpose
	layer_2: the indiaincshafe shipfte the corters and theyiri in the bout as of curd apossicion as ley cold conthriv oar o herpos
	layer_4: the indiince have shite the curders and the it in thebout as oqurt a possition as ly could contryve far f hurpose
	layer_6: the indians have shipted the quarters and there  in the bout as oqrd a position tas we could contrie foar o purpose
	layer_8: the indians have shifted thei quarters and there in the bowl as oakward a position as we could contrie fo uour purpose
	layer_10: the indians have shifted their quarters and they'r in the bow as okward a position as we could contrive for our purpose
	layer_12: the indians have shifted their quarters and ther in the bow as okward a position as we could contrive for our purpose

file: 8254-84205-0049.flac
expected: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_2: he must get awa from ha to some good hunting ground
	layer_4: e must get away from he to some good hunting ground
	layer_6: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_8: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_10: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground
	layer_12: we must get away from here to some good hunting ground

file: 8254-84205-0050.flac
expected: do the indians seem to be camping or only on the move
	layer_2: to to indian sink to be camthinm or on ontamovs
	layer_4: to the indin singk to be canthing or onl onthe mos
	layer_6: to the indian sing to be cathing or only on the moves
	layer_8: do the indian sin to be cating or only on the mooves
	layer_10: dod the indians senk to be kaping or only on the moves
	layer_12: do the indians seink to be kating or only on the moves

file: 8254-84205-0051.flac
expected: they seem to me to be hatching up some dodge or another replied griggs
	layer_2: thie seemed tom me to bhe hatn ufp som  doargr anothernh prdrics
	layer_4: the seemed to med to be haching up some darger another anreplie grigs
	layer_6: thi seemed to mee to be hatching up some darger another andreplied griggs
	layer_8: this seemed to mee to be hatching up some darter another in replied griggs
	layer_10: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dargeor another replied griggs
	layer_12: this seemed to me to be hatching up some dargor another replied griggs

file: 8254-84205-0052.flac
expected: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_2: than he began towolk u een owns foy o videnteladeepeen thougct
	layer_4: then he began to walk up and downse folly evrdntly deep in thought
	layer_6: then he began to walk up and downs fully evidently deepen thought
	layer_8: then he began to walk up and down slolly evidently deep in thought
	layer_10: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought
	layer_12: then he began to walk up and down slowly evidently deep in thought

file: 8254-84205-0053.flac
expected: there he said i've made up my mind
	layer_2: there he said ''s made of ly min
	layer_4: there he said a'se made of ly minde
	layer_6: there he said ase made of y mind
	layer_8: there he said as made o my mind
	layer_10: there he said i've made op my mind
	layer_12: there he said i've made op my mind

file: 8254-84205-0054.flac
expected: it is very evident that we may wait here till our stores are exhausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever
	layer_2: id is mery evidint that we may weyt he r tar stors ikc sosted and be as far off thug poetoni do ly see c useveren
	layer_4: it is mery eviedent that we me wait here tour stor s ic sosbid and be as far off theour poretunido we seecas evern
	layer_6: it is mary evident that we may wait here to uous store as ike sosbid and be as far off the opportunity we seek us evern
	layer_8: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our storeis ieaspid and be as far off he opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_10: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our stores a exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as evern
	layer_12: it is mery evident that we may wait here to our stores a exausted and be as far off the opportunity we seek as ever

file: 8254-84205-0055.flac
expected: the indians can wait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_2: that ind ains cellwet we can not and thacesingso moit
	layer_4: thet indian's kellwait we cannot and thea sen to know it
	layer_6: the indians kallwait we cannot and they seeme to know it
	layer_8: the indians calwait we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_10: the indians kalwaite we cannot and they seem to know it
	layer_12: the indians kawate we cannot and they seem to know it

file: 8254-84205-0056.flac
expected: going to give up young chris's plan said griggs slowly
	layer_2: ghoin to give ut yyungprices pirn sid pe x sploly
	layer_4: tho in to give up youncrises plind sit pea explolly
	layer_6: going to give up youngchress's plined said pierixplolly
	layer_8: going to give up youn criss's planed said peex slowly
	layer_10: going to give up youncris's plane said pex slowly
	layer_12: going to give up youncriss's planed said pik slowly

file: 8254-84205-0057.flac
expected: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_2: no 'nm gnt to put t n force ou woncs we stat to nagt
	layer_4: no i'm gon'g to put t anforce out once we stot to night
	layer_6: no i'm going to put itn force olt once we stotd to night
	layer_8: no i'm going to put it in force at once we state to night
	layer_10: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night
	layer_12: no i'm going to put it in force at once we start to night

file: 8254-84205-0058.flac
expected: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_2: ther a ther samd wehcomb naing u pepiristions
	layer_4: bu ather same we com be naking u pepritions
	layer_6: burt alther same we can be naking u peparitions
	layer_8: but all the same we can be mnaking ou preparations
	layer_10: but all the same we can be making our preparations
	layer_12: but all the same we can be making our preparations

file: 8254-84205-0059.flac
expected: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_2: the barws comme for duod wlater and every onse pouti
	layer_4: the barols cam befod od wahter and ever onespoto
	layer_6: the barrels can be food wtd water and every one s potole
	layer_8: the barrels can be filed with water and every one's bottle
	layer_10: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle
	layer_12: the barrels can be filled with water and every one's bottle

file: 8254-84205-0060.flac
expected: provisions can be packed in our wallets in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_2: olisions cambe pat t ien o woll its hofact e riyteing hell ready for stuct
	layer_4: peoviions can be pap in ou wallits he fat everything helready for  stut
	layer_6: provitions can be packed inour wallas he fact everything helready for e start
	layer_8: provisions can be packhed in our walles i fact everything helready for a start
	layer_10: provisions can be packed in our walletcs in fact everything held ready for a start
	layer_12: provisions can be packed in our walles in fact everything held ready for a start

file: 8254-84205-0061.flac
expected: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_2: farngnoli jo set thusk thet anan moust combeedrovidencs fwerfden water and
	layer_4: farnally jusept thusk the aimlost can be rividince wer fouther water and
	layer_6: farnally just at thusk the animost can be drivedence er fodern waterd and
	layer_8: firnally just at dhusk the animals can be drived ins for food oand water and
	layer_10: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and
	layer_12: finally just at dusk the animals can be driven in for food and water and

file: 8254-84205-0062.flac
expected: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_2: excacklit rere pld the doctr
	layer_4: excacklis replid the doctor
	layer_6: exactles replied the doctor
	layer_8: exactlys replied the doctor
	layer_10: exactly replied the doctor
	layer_12: exactly s replied the doctor

file: 8254-84205-0063.flac
expected: but before any more is said griggs i want to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_2: but be for any mor r saitgigs io at to offryo ther oppertunity you droback
	layer_4: but before any more a sei t grigs o aht to offer ou the opportinuty to draback
	layer_6: but before any more o sei griggs i wagt to offer you thee opportunity to draw back
	layer_8: but before any more oseti grigs i waght to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_10: but before any more o sedigriggs i wagnt to offer you the opportunity to draw back
	layer_12: but before any more o setigriggs i waunt to offer you the opportunity to draw back

file: 8254-84205-0064.flac
expected: what for said griggs sharply
	layer_2: wit for si go srplin
	layer_4: wilt for said goof shrerplyng
	layer_6: will for said goove srerplyn
	layer_8: wil for said gruf sharplyn
	layer_10: whit for said gof sharply
	layer_12: whit for said grof sharply

file: 8254-84205-0065.flac
expected: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me
	layer_2: lo't a be of ait sir a'm con' to takcare ted ot hid ming
	layer_4: not av bit of it sir i'm con to tak hare thid on't hid meg
	layer_6: not ae bi of it sir i'm con to take char the on't hitme
	layer_8: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care i they don't hit me
	layer_10: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care i they don't hit me
	layer_12: not a bit of it sir i'm going to take care they don't hit me

file: 8254-84205-0066.flac
expected: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the redskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_2: i wen o do have bit to cariyout young cprisis plam as should up the res kan for a wy krtor praps im mon hill wed get rit away
	layer_4: i men to do ha bit to carry yout young crisus plan as shoud up the reskin for awegrtur praps a month ill we get right away
	layer_6: i men to do ha bit to carry y out young chriss's plan and shut up the reskin for a wegertu perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_8: i men to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the rescin for a wek or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_10: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away
	layer_12: i mean to do a bit to carry out young chris's plan and shut up the reskins for a week or two perhaps a month while we get right away

file: 8254-84205-0067.flac
expected: there is a horrible side to it griggs
	layer_2: ther is the forble sa te ggs
	layer_4: there is the horble sitou at gigs
	layer_6: there is the horrible side t i bigs
	layer_8: there is te horrible side toic bigs
	layer_10: there is a horrible side toic bigs
	layer_12: there is a horrible sidetoic bigs

file: 8254-84205-0068.flac
expected: would be if we let them get the better of us sir
	layer_2: watd be s we let then git the betterfas ser
	layer_4: wat be is we let them git the better fa sir
	layer_6: whoatd be as we let them giv the better of us sir
	layer_8: would be as we let them giv the better of us sir
	layer_10: would be if we let them get the better ofor us sir
	layer_12: would be if we let them get the better for us sir

file: 8254-84205-0069.flac
expected: you mean the shutting up the enemy here to starve
	layer_2: you man the sheuvting upt the an i ne thur dostars
	layer_4: you mean the shuvding up the enemechyeare distars
	layer_6: you mean the shutting up the enemy here ti stars
	layer_8: you mean te shutding up the enemy here to stars
	layer_10: you mean the shoving op the enemy here to stars
	layer_12: you mean the shoting up the enemy here to stars

file: 8254-84205-0070.flac
expected: ejaculated griggs so sharply that the boys started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_2: the dacklrd a coings so shuplya o the boicetarted sersem rih of bi did sir
	layer_4: e jackalaet e crigs so shorply t of the boycedarded sirvam right of be did sir
	layer_6: te jaculateed crigs so sharply thar the boy started servam right ive bhe did sir
	layer_8: ejaculated crigs so sharply that the boy started ser em right if they did sir
	layer_10: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started serve em right if they did sir
	layer_12: ejaculated criggs so sharply that the boy started serve em right if they did sir

file: 8254-84205-0071.flac
expected: what business have they to want our scalps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_2: whoat busins hav theay o won her scol wut we shion a shed th mup ti s tue
	layer_4: what busns hade they do oneer scups wut e shon i shet the mup tos tave
	layer_6: what busnens have they do ane our sculps wbhat we should hand shut them up to tar
	layer_8: what busins had they do on our sculps but we shouldn' shut them up to starve
	layer_10: what business have they to whon or skulps but we shouldn't shut them up to starve
	layer_12: what business have they to whon or skulp but we shouldn't shut them up to starve

file: 8254-84205-0072.flac
expected: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a week
	layer_2: thet have weks of workt before the could gept thei horsees oup thot with hou horses tie be out aine wak
	layer_4: the'd have weeks of work before the could get their horses out tbut withou horses bi by out ain a wak
	layer_6: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in awake
	layer_8: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they be out in a wake
	layer_10: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses theyd be out in a waeke
	layer_12: they'd have weeks of work before they could get their horses out but without horses they'd be out in a weke

file: 8254-84205-0073.flac
expected: starve nonsense
	layer_2: star non sence
	layer_4: star non sense
	layer_6: star ano sense
	layer_8: starve nonsense
	layer_10: starve nonsense
	layer_12: starve nonsense

file: 8254-84205-0074.flac
expected: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settled gentlemen
	layer_2: but there i don' wanto mex peachones a shoug fedtle dintoman
	layer_4: but there i don't wato mex peeches i sals fedtle ginteman
	layer_6: but there i don't want to mek speeches it's als settle genteman
	layer_8: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_10: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen
	layer_12: but there i don't want to make speeches it's all settle gentlemen

file: 8254-84205-0075.flac
expected: but you've got to tell the lookout what's coming off
	layer_2: wu yuse goht to te the lookat withs come ofh
	layer_4: wt oue god to to the looke out withs comeng oftf
	layer_6: wat youse god to tethe look out wits coming off
	layer_8: wat youse got to te the look ot wats coming off
	layer_10: wha ouse got to tell the lookat was coming off
	layer_12: whatt youse got to tell the lookaut wats coming off

file: 8254-84205-0076.flac
expected: now every one understands that he is to be ready without showing any watchful indian scout that there is something on the way
	layer_2: now evry oe unde stand tha he as foi be readye withut shaln  any wash fo indins couthar ther something on the wa
	layer_4: now every one understand that he as to be ready with hout shalle any wash fo in dincsgout that theres something on the wet
	layer_6: now everyone understand that he is tol be ready without shallne any washfo andinsgout that there is something on the wed
	layer_8: now every one understand that he is to be ready without shelwnin any washfoot and din scout that there is something on the way
	layer_10: now every one understands that he is to be ready without shewing any washfoot and din scout that there is something on the way
	layer_12: now every one understands that he is to be ready without shewing any washfoot and din scout that there is something on the way

file: 4515-11057-0000.flac
expected: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_2: yet s stron was the affect pon him of conton pliting a lage fortinginm that in despite ofareson endesr he lived i eage expectation of the woed which should my ecim rich
	layer_4: yet so strom was the effect upon him of conton pliting a large fortingon that in despite of areason andesir he live in ege expectation of the word which should my cimrich
	layer_6: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunine that in despite of areason and desire he lived in eger expectation of the word which should makehim rich
	layer_8: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_10: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich
	layer_12: yet so strong was the effect upon him of contemplating a large fortunune that in despite of reason and desire he lived in eager expectation of the word which should make him rich

file: 4515-11057-0001.flac
expected: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_2: apart of that imperession was guwe to fhe in gage ment which he must naou ful fiel
	layer_4: a part of that imperession was ju to the engagement which he must nwful fiel
	layer_6: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must nowfulfiel
	layer_8: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfilel
	layer_10: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil
	layer_12: a part of that impression was due to the engagement which he must now fulfil

file: 4515-11057-0002.flac
expected: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_2: to shalfllout of thistjuthe woulh mihke t him too ig noble evan in his oi  ise
	layer_4: to shaful out of this jute would make him too ignobled even in his o eyes
	layer_6: to shufl out of this duty would make him too ignobled even in his own eyes
	layer_8: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_10: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes
	layer_12: to shuffle out of this duty would make him too ignoble even in his own eyes

file: 4515-11057-0003.flac
expected: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that raw attachment
	layer_2: becaus in his selled dyse ha doalied with a gil whoo had in deaed many chos step by st app he had come to the necaecityg hof sacrifarsig his prospicts to that rar attachment
	layer_4: becaus in his sallo dies he dallied with t a girld who had indeed many chons ste y step he had come to the necescity of sacrifacing his prospects to thatraw attachment
	layer_6: because in his salad days he dallied with ha girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that ra attachment
	layer_8: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that rar attachment
	layer_10: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment
	layer_12: because in his salad days he dallied with a girl who had indeed many charms step by step he had come to the necessity of sacrificing his prospects to that roar attachment

file: 4515-11057-0004.flac
expected: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regent's park
	layer_2: i ible to think o ork he lef the houw se and waonbed plomally about ragenspak
	layer_4: on i bl to think of work he left the house and wonded plumily about regenspak
	layer_6: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered glumly about region's park
	layer_8: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regents park
	layer_10: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regents park
	layer_12: unable to think of work he left the house and wandered gloomily about regents park

file: 4515-11057-0005.flac
expected: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fate's instrument
	layer_2: he helt himself il yusd by destiny a therefor by mowi ad ho was fights instromet
	layer_4: he sfeld himself ill used by destiny an therefore by mario ho was figts instramate
	layer_6: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marian who was fates instrumant
	layer_8: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by marion who was fates instrument
	layer_10: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by mariand who was fates instrument
	layer_12: he felt himself ill used by destiny and therefore by mariand who was fate's instrument

file: 4515-11057-0006.flac
expected: he wrote to marian
	layer_2: he rogte to maoing an
	layer_4: he riated to marring an
	layer_6: he wrope to marrihim
	layer_8: he wrote to marriham
	layer_10: he wrote to mariam
	layer_12: he wrote to mariam

file: 4515-11057-0007.flac
expected: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_2: whil you let bey hea or comein seeig
	layer_4: wil you let be her or comeon seeig
	layer_6: whell you let we here or come and seeming
	layer_8: will you let me heare or come and see me
	layer_10: will you let me hear or come and see me
	layer_12: will you let me hear or come and see me

file: 4515-11057-0008.flac
expected: i scarcely thought of biffen as likely to kill himself
	layer_2: i scarsely thought ave bifon has mihkely to kill himself
	layer_4: i scarcely thought have biffin has lightely to kin himself
	layer_6: i scarcely thought hof biffen as lihkely to kill himself
	layer_8: i scarcely thought of biffan as likely to kilnl himself
	layer_10: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kinl himself
	layer_12: i scarcely thought of biffin as likely to kindle himself

file: 4515-11057-0009.flac
expected: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there
	layer_2: but way than jhe stid he go al the y yu hout the
	layer_4: but way tha jistid he gont all the wa how ther
	layer_6: but wy tha justid he go all the way out there
	layer_8: but why thet jewce did he go all the way out there
	layer_10: but why the dewce did he go all the way out there
	layer_12: but why the deuce did he go all the way out there

file: 4515-11057-0010.flac
expected: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_2: i hap te would bri me son ns
	layer_4: i hapd yo woultd brinmes somns
	layer_6: i hopet you would bring me some neuws
	layer_8: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_10: i hoped you would bring me some news
	layer_12: i hoped you would bring me some news

file: 4515-11057-0011.flac
expected: poverty i can only suppose
	layer_2: pothenty yoi can inly suppis
	layer_4: povherty yui can omly suppose
	layer_6: poverty o i can only suppose
	layer_8: povityyo i can only suppose
	layer_10: poverty ou i can only suppose
	layer_12: poverty you i can only suppose

file: 4515-11057-0012.flac
expected: but i will see whelpdale i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_2: but i wil se wake da i had' comeacros bifen for a lmon tim
	layer_4: but i will se wepdaw i hadn't come a cros biffen for a long time
	layer_6: but i will see welp daw i hadn't come across biffen for a long time
	layer_8: but i will see welpdal i hadn't come across biffhon for a long time
	layer_10: but i will see welp da i hadn't come across bifpon for a long time
	layer_12: but i will see whelp da i hadn't come across biffon for a long time

file: 4515-11057-0013.flac
expected: was he still so very poor
	layer_2: hishe stim sa nary po
	layer_4: whils he still so neary por
	layer_6: whils he still so mary poor
	layer_8: wilst he still so mery poor
	layer_10: was he still so mery poor
	layer_12: whas he still so merry poor

file: 4515-11057-0014.flac
expected: asked amy compassionately
	layer_2: ast aey compassionotly
	layer_4: asked amy compassionatly
	layer_6: asked ami compassionately
	layer_8: asked amy compassionately
	layer_10: asked amy compassionately
	layer_12: asked amy compassionately

file: 4515-11057-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_2: i mafraete s his book fald uttenll
	layer_4: iam afraid soi his book faild uttely
	layer_6: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_8: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_10: i am afraid so his book failed utterly
	layer_12: i am afraid so his book failed utterly

file: 4515-11057-0016.flac
expected: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_2: o ifi ad an madend himstill in suched destresse sually i mit ave d on sometheng to heapi
	layer_4: o if i had amagend him still insuch destress surely i wight have don something to helphum
	layer_6: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i wmight have done something to help him
	layer_8: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_10: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him
	layer_12: oh if i had imagined him still in such distress surely i might have done something to help him

file: 4515-11057-0017.flac
expected: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_2: pur chance his deaf was impart atribitable to that hobls slove
	layer_4: perchancs his death was impart atributable to that hoples love
	layer_6: perchance his death was impart atributable to that hopeless love
	layer_8: perchance his death was impart attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_10: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love
	layer_12: perchance his death was in part attributable to that hopeless love

file: 4515-11057-0018.flac
expected: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_2: he sent me accopy of his nobl she said and ia sowy  am oncsor towyi safe to tha
	layer_4: he sent me a copy of his novl she saied and i soy yim once o towy saf ter that
	layer_6: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or towice after that
	layer_8: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_10: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that
	layer_12: he sent me a copy of his novel she said and i saw him once or twice after that

file: 4515-11057-0019.flac
expected: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_2: having thi subjec to convirsupom put the two ware cuicply a esed thand could other wase have being the case
	layer_4: having this subject to convers uponm put the two more quickly at eased than could otherwais have beein the case
	layer_6: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwaise have been the case
	layer_8: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at east than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_10: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case
	layer_12: having this subject to converse upon put the two more quickly at ease than could otherwise have been the case

file: 4515-11057-0020.flac
expected: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_2: i me mit take ar formost plice a un britey witrn
	layer_4: amy miht take a formost plice amun brily wimen
	layer_6: amy might take a formost place among brildian women
	layer_8: amy might take a foremost place among brildia women
	layer_10: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women
	layer_12: amy might take a foremost place among brilliant women

file: 4515-11057-0021.flac
expected: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_2: aspicialy nowthrt her fa the rhis thria with bloinness
	layer_4: especially now that her father is thretend with blainness
	layer_6: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_8: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_10: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness
	layer_12: especially now that her father is threatened with blindness

file: 4515-11057-0022.flac
expected: is it so serious
	layer_2: is it suserous
	layer_4: is it soserius
	layer_6: is it so serious
	layer_8: is it so serious
	layer_10: is it so serious
	layer_12: is it so serious

file: 4515-11057-0023.flac
expected: even if mister yule recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_2: aevan hif misto gul recovrs his site at is not aed al litling that he will bhe eabwle to wor has befor
	layer_4: even if mister yur recover's his sit at his not uet all likelyg that he will be able to worpus befor
	layer_6: even if mister yel recovers his sighdt it is not a all likely that whe will be able to woras before
	layer_8: even if mister yel recovers his sigdt it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_10: even if mister yel recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before
	layer_12: even if mister yel recovers his sight it is not at all likely that he will be able to work as before

file: 4515-11057-0024.flac
expected: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_2: ad difrqcuofis a sor grae that
	layer_4: a difficof his a so grave that
	layer_6: au difficlfis are so grave that
	layer_8: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_10: our difficulties are so grave that
	layer_12: our difficulties are so grave that

file: 4515-11057-0025.flac
expected: he paused and let his hand fail despondently
	layer_2: he asd and lae his hand fil disbodletly
	layer_4: he ased and lete his hand fil dispolently
	layer_6: he pased and let his hand file despondantly
	layer_8: he paused and led his hand fil despondently
	layer_10: he paused and let his hand fil despondently
	layer_12: he paused and let his hand fil despondently

file: 4515-11057-0026.flac
expected: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_2: i have a good deal of will you ermember and what i hav set my mid upon no dout i shalf some da a chafe
	layer_4: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my myd tupom kno dout i shall some dai a cheve
	layer_6: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind de pon no doubt i shall some daye achiev
	layer_8: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upom no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_10: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve
	layer_12: i have a good deal of will you remember and what i have set my mind upon no doubt i shall some day achieve

file: 4515-11057-0027.flac
expected: there was silence
	layer_2: there wa silus
	layer_4: therye was silens
	layer_6: there were silence
	layer_8: there was silence
	layer_10: there was silence
	layer_12: there was silence

file: 4515-11057-0028.flac
expected: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_2: the las three es hi contimd have myght no sligt differntc id my position
	layer_4: the last three yes he continued have maght no slight difference in my position
	layer_6: the last three yes he continued have mat no slight difference in my position
	layer_8: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_10: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position
	layer_12: the last three years he continued have made no slight difference in my position

file: 4515-11057-0029.flac
expected: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_2: recol wer i stood when y fes eaming
	layer_4: recal were i stood when yu firs neuming
	layer_6: recall where i stood when you first newme
	layer_8: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_10: recall where i stood when you first knew me
	layer_12: recall where i stood when you first knew me

file: 4515-11057-0030.flac
expected: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_2: just nat wia myn nad if a lifling corichent
	layer_4: just nat wi a ma naed of a liftl ingcorritument
	layer_6: just now i am i need of a little encouragment
	layer_8: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_10: just now i am in need of a little encouragement
	layer_12: just now i am in need of a little encouragement

file: 4515-11057-0031.flac
expected: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_2: ye dun't ntous any falling of f id my bor craseently
	layer_4: you don't notus any falling off id my bor creacently
	layer_6: you don't notice any falling offied my work recently
	layer_8: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_10: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently
	layer_12: you don't notice any falling off in my work recently

file: 4515-11057-0032.flac
expected: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_2: de you seame y things in te carnt and soo genvrly
	layer_4: do you sa my tings in the caret and so o generally
	layer_6: do you see my things in the curent and so o generally
	layer_8: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_10: do you see my things in the current and so on generally
	layer_12: do you see my things in the current and so on generally

file: 4515-11057-0033.flac
expected: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_2: sometims i beleveor have d ateteging wend ther was no sicnichur
	layer_4: sometims i believe oi have detectegou when ther was no sicgnature
	layer_6: sometimes i believe i have detected ue when there was no signature
	layer_8: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_10: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature
	layer_12: sometimes i believe i have detected you when there was no signature

file: 4515-11057-0034.flac
expected: her story in that girls paper has attracted attention
	layer_2: ther storin y  that gils pipar hs atractedettantion
	layer_4: her stori in tat girls papa has attracted attention
	layer_6: her storyin that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_8: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_10: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention
	layer_12: her story in that girl's paper has attracted attention

file: 4515-11057-0035.flac
expected: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_2: and i couldso easily puteurt rest fiy renouncing ol claim a pone her
	layer_4: and i could so easily put her rest by renouncing all claime upon her
	layer_6: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claimb upon her
	layer_8: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_10: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her
	layer_12: and i could so easily put her at rest by renouncing all claim upon her

file: 4515-11057-0036.flac
expected: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_2: y ser mis thet that yu your self woiuld al si be pud ot rest by such u desesion
	layer_4: i surmys tht that you yourself would alsi be put o rest by such a decesion
	layer_6: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put atrest by such a decesion
	layer_8: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_10: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision
	layer_12: i surmise that that you yourself would also be put at rest by such a decision

file: 4515-11057-0037.flac
expected: don't look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_2: jim look at me withthat ur roni col smi he platedt
	layer_4: jne wliook at me with that i ronicalr smi he pleded
	layer_6: joam look at me with that ironicor smile he pleaded
	layer_8: joant look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_10: joan look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded
	layer_12: jone look at me with that ironical smile he pleaded

file: 4515-11057-0038.flac
expected: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heartbroken in any event i must be content for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_2: i could't go be out the clar ingthat ias harfer acon in anyng ofvit i must be contan fo paople to juc ne a cording to va dispositsion and judchmenceuo pritty sur to be yount fifinpbl what cani do
	layer_4: i couldn't go about the claring that i was heart pboocan in any of in i must bekcontemet for people to judgmy according to ver disposition and judgments a pretty sure to be yund faerble what cani do
	layer_6: i couldn't go about declearing that i was heart brooken in any o ent i must be contenpt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments af pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_8: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be contempt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavorable what can i do
	layer_10: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be contempt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do
	layer_12: i couldn't go about declaring that i was heart broken in any event i must be contempt for people to judge me according to their disposition and judgments are pretty sure to be unfavourable what can i do

file: 4515-11057-0039.flac
expected: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_2: the caseis t deliced i ir for my ond vise
	layer_4: the casis two dealicate i fer for myavice
	layer_6: the cas is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_8: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_10: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice
	layer_12: the case is too delicate i fear for my advice

file: 4515-11057-0040.flac
expected: well i'll go back to my scribbling
	layer_2: well a'l ga bec to my scriply
	layer_4: well i'll ga bacto my scribly
	layer_6: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_8: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_10: well i'll go back to my scriply
	layer_12: well i'll go back to my scriply

file: 4515-11057-0041.flac
expected: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_2: i gain jesd bhe hel d he vit soft ind for a supearflus mannt
	layer_4: agan jast be held the wight softaned for a superflous moment
	layer_6: again jaspeheld the vhite soft aned for a superfluous moment
	layer_8: again jaspa held the wigte soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_10: again jasper held the wite soft hand for a superfluous moment
	layer_12: again jasper held the white soft hand for a superfluous moment

file: 4515-11057-0042.flac
expected: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_2: yet forsuch feel in s he repoced himself and the reporch matd in angry
	layer_4: yet for such feelings he reproaced himself and the reporach maned him angry
	layer_6: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the repurach made him angry
	layer_8: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_10: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry
	layer_12: yet for such feelings he reproached himself and the reproach made him angry

file: 4515-11057-0043.flac
expected: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_2: marriin could notme stake thy ar of resls s troubele orn her companiin slive countnence
	layer_4: marion could not mestaketlye ear of resless trouble on her companion smuive countnancse
	layer_6: marion could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smot countenance
	layer_8: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion smooth countenance
	layer_10: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance
	layer_12: marian could not mistake the air of restless trouble on her companion's smooth countenance

file: 4515-11057-0044.flac
expected: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she had approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_2: che had devingd that there was sum gra reason for hi suence and the panting with which she of proched was hafh ars by the enxtiouspets of her art
	layer_4: she had devind that there was som grave reason for this suencs and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the enxious bets of her eart
	layer_6: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summns and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxioust bpeets of her heart
	layer_8: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_10: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart
	layer_12: she had divined that there was some grave reason for this summons and the panting with which she approached was half caused by the anxious beats of her heart

file: 4515-11057-0045.flac
expected: he began abruptly
	layer_2: he be gan a broe tae
	layer_4: he be gan a bropety
	layer_6: he began a bropty
	layer_8: he began abruptly
	layer_10: he began abruptly
	layer_12: he began abruptly

file: 4515-11057-0046.flac
expected: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_2: he gae her such de tous as he had omf taint then aded
	layer_4: he gave her such detowus as he had tint ben addded
	layer_6: he gave her such detows as he had obtained tbhen added
	layer_8: he gave her such detoils as he had obtained then added
	layer_10: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added
	layer_12: he gave her such details as he had obtained then added

file: 4515-11057-0047.flac
expected: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_2: therier tio of mike am panins fol on in the battl
	layer_4: there r two of mike am panions foll n in the battle
	layer_6: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_8: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_10: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle
	layer_12: there are two of my companions fallen in the battle

file: 4515-11057-0048.flac
expected: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marian what
	layer_2: i oughto tfhink myself a lockiny filliyk mawin watd
	layer_4: i ought to think myself a lucky fell yi maiyo wat
	layer_6: i ought to think myself a lucky feli marrya what
	layer_8: i ought to think myself a lucky feli marrief what
	layer_10: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow marriad what
	layer_12: i ought to think myself a lucky fellow married what

file: 4515-11057-0049.flac
expected: you are better fitted to fight your way jasper
	layer_2: you wird bet ha fittend to fite yolrwy jasper
	layer_4: you ware bettefitten to fight your way jaspe
	layer_6: you ware better fit into fight your way jaspe
	layer_8: you ware better fit an to fight your way jaspa
	layer_10: you ward better fit and to fight your way jasper
	layer_12: you ad better fit and to fight your way jasper

file: 4515-11057-0050.flac
expected: more of a brute you mean
	layer_2: more of a bret inhen
	layer_4: mlor of a breat in hing
	layer_6: more of a bret ian
	layer_8: more of a bret imin
	layer_10: more of a bret imin
	layer_12: more of a brek ymin

file: 4515-11057-0051.flac
expected: you know very well i don't
	layer_2: h ikno a veryng well i tinet
	layer_4: he hadknow very well i dined
	layer_6: heard know very well i doned
	layer_8: he know very well i dont
	layer_10: ye know very well i don't
	layer_12: ye know very well i don't

file: 4515-11057-0052.flac
expected: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_2: i have maghd of my mnd ae out arefas he wen torm presently
	layer_4: i have mate ue my mind a aout air aphears he wein torm presently
	layer_6: i have made up my mind about orafars he wentom presently
	layer_8: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went om presently
	layer_10: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently
	layer_12: i have made up my mind about our affairs he went on presently

file: 4515-11057-0053.flac
expected: yes
	layer_2: ges
	layer_4: gis
	layer_6: ges
	layer_8: gyes
	layer_10: ges
	layer_12: ges

file: 4515-11057-0054.flac
expected: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_2: will hyou marryy and g let as tikat chans
	layer_4: will you maryimy and let us tyke ya chancs
	layer_6: will you marry me and let us take yoe chans
	layer_8: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_10: will you marry me and let us take our chance
	layer_12: will you marry me and let us take your chance

file: 4515-11057-0055.flac
expected: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_2: you feel yourself indeispensible tya fathera present
	layer_4: you feel yourself indispensible to you father at present
	layer_6: you feel yourself indispensaible to your father at present
	layer_8: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_10: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present
	layer_12: you feel yourself indispensable to your father at present

file: 4515-11057-0056.flac
expected: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_2: i shuld be somv  fraind of the afect upon his helfh jespe
	layer_4: i should be sol frint of the afect upon his healfh jspa
	layer_6: i should be so afraint of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_8: i should be so aafraid of the effect upon his health jaspa
	layer_10: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper
	layer_12: i should be so afraid of the effect upon his health jasper

file: 4515-11057-0057.flac
expected: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_2: she posed and looked appet him tuching y
	layer_4: she pased and looked auppet him tuchingay
	layer_6: she paused and looked up at him touchinglay
	layer_8: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_10: she paused and looked up at him touchingly
	layer_12: she paused and looked up at him touchingly

file: 4515-11057-0058.flac
expected: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind
	layer_2: te yar i ca't fel it wuld bem my ju tiyg to r naouds he because my father had become blait
	layer_4: deye i ca't feel it would be mi duty to rnouts he because my father had become blid
	layer_6: dea i can't feel it would be my duty to rnous hu because my father had become blid
	layer_8: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blid
	layer_10: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blid
	layer_12: dear i can't feel it would be my duty to renounce you because my father had become blind

file: 4515-11057-0059.flac
expected: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_2: has one thing acar to you
	layer_4: has one thing accur to you
	layer_6: has one thing occur to you
	layer_8: has one thing occured to you
	layer_10: has one thing occurred to you
	layer_12: has one thing occurred to you

file: 4515-11057-0060.flac
expected: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus milvain
	layer_2: will he cond samt to reseevan a lonts for b person whose name is misses noafly
	layer_4: will he culn semt to receive in a louns frorm a person whose naime is missus no vy
	layer_6: will he con sent to receive in alloweance from a person whose name is missus nilvane
	layer_8: will he consemnt to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_10: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain
	layer_12: will he consent to receive an allowance from a person whose name is missus nilvain

file: 4515-11057-0061.flac
expected: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_2: and i f y oxstornet ly rfses what thn what his before hm
	layer_4: and if he oxstenetely refuses what then what his before him
	layer_6: and if he obstinitely refuses what then what is before him
	layer_8: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_10: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him
	layer_12: and if he obstinately refuses what then what is before him

file: 4515-11057-0062.flac
expected: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_2: she list on the anxciousloi and dreflected
	layer_4: she listene the anxxiously and reflected
	layer_6: she listenedth anxiously and reflected
	layer_8: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_10: she listened anxiously and reflected
	layer_12: she listened anxiously and reflected

file: 4515-11057-0063.flac
expected: as i have said there is the very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_2: as o have seeid there was a very serious dout whet the our fa the would excect mony forbu wen yeu wie myr bwifth
	layer_4: as oi have send there is a very serious doubt where treyour fathe would exceptmoney fo bou when you wire mo bwife
	layer_6: as i have send there is a very serious dout where ter your father would accept money fom you when you ware my wife
	layer_8: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you are my wife
	layer_10: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ere my wife
	layer_12: as i have said there is a very serious doubt whether your father would accept money from you when you ere my wife

file: 4515-11057-0064.flac
expected: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_2: it is't yor fol mowiin and wel then theys only one thing to do
	layer_4: it isn't your fout marion and well then thes only one think to do
	layer_6: it isn't your fout marian and well then theres only one thing to do
	layer_8: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_10: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do
	layer_12: it isn't your fault marian and well then there's only one thing to do

file: 4515-11057-0065.flac
expected: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_2: ixcerped jesper thean h father his helplousse i musfine meants of a shur ing his support
	layer_4: excepet jesper that i father is helpless i must fie means of asureing his support
	layer_6: except jasper that e father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_8: axcept jaspe that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_10: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support
	layer_12: except jasper that if father is helpless i must find means of assuring his support

file: 4515-11057-0066.flac
expected: do you think them insurmountable
	layer_2: di  i tin ten in simountible
	layer_4: do oa thinkthem insamountable
	layer_6: do you think them insumountable
	layer_8: do yeu think them insurmountable
	layer_10: do ye think them insurmountable
	layer_12: do ye think them insurmountable

file: 4515-11057-0067.flac
expected: that is just what i have decided is impossible marian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_2: that his jus wor hohav tosid at his ing possible mowi you shall have the plain trith
	layer_4: that his just wha er have disid at his impossible mouiin you shall have the plain truth
	layer_6: that is just whart h have decideed his impossible maian you shall have the plain truth
	layer_8: that is just what i have decided his impossible malon you shall have the plain truth
	layer_10: that is just what i have decided his impossible maon you shall have the plain truth
	layer_12: that is just what i have decided his impossible maon you shall have the plain truth

file: 4515-11057-0068.flac
expected: i don't trust myself
	layer_2: i dun't trust my sel
	layer_4: i dun't trust myself
	layer_6: i don't trust myself
	layer_8: i don't trust myself
	layer_10: i don't trust myself
	layer_12: i don't trust myself

file: 4515-11057-0069.flac
expected: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_2: but shold y fase the willilyn
	layer_4: but shald yoe facte the willilyh
	layer_6: but shal yu fase them willingly
	layer_8: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_10: but shall you face them willingly
	layer_12: but shall you face them willingly

file: 4515-11057-0070.flac
expected: put up your umbrella marian
	layer_2: poll hup u run broll of marin
	layer_4: pult up you rum brel of marin
	layer_6: pullt up you rum brella marian
	layer_8: pulld up yourembrela marian
	layer_10: pulld up your umbrella marian
	layer_12: pulld up your umbrella marian

file: 4515-11057-0071.flac
expected: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_2: whatdo i caa for a dropov frin shexglaned with passion ant sadnss when al mi lmife is t stak how i mig to on derstang you
	layer_4: what do i care for a drop orin she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all mi life is at stake how a mih to understand you
	layer_6: what do i care for a drop of raine she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is it stake howam i to understand you
	layer_8: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_10: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you
	layer_12: what do i care for a drop of rain she exclaimed with passionate sadness when all my life is at stake how am i to understand you

file: 4515-11057-0072.flac
expected: every word you speak seems intended to dishearten me
	layer_2: every worgi speak sentingtended to his hareng meng
	layer_4: every word you speke semt ingtended to this heartein me
	layer_6: every word you speak seems intended to this hearten me
	layer_8: every word you speak seems intended to this heartened me
	layer_10: every word you speak seems intended to this heartene me
	layer_12: every word you speak seems intended to this heartened me

file: 4515-11057-0073.flac
expected: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_2: wy nagein conselt i that his the trtfh
	layer_4: why ne you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_6: why need yu canceal it if that is the truth
	layer_8: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_10: why need you conceal it if that is the truth
	layer_12: why need you conceal it if that is the truth

file: 4515-11057-0074.flac
expected: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_2: is that what youme by saingou distrustusol
	layer_4: is that what you me by saying you distruss iusolf
	layer_6: is that what you me by sying you distrus yourself
	layer_8: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_10: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself
	layer_12: is that what you mean by saying you distrust yourself

file: 4515-11057-0075.flac
expected: we must see each other again marian
	layer_2: we mu see ch o the regae marriyg an
	layer_4: we must seech othe regirn maria
	layer_6: we must seech other egin marian
	layer_8: we must see ach other agan marian
	layer_10: we must see each other again marian
	layer_12: we must see each other again marian

file: 4515-11057-0076.flac
expected: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_2: howre mi tlive and on i in such unsertenteisticse
	layer_4: how my to live and mir in such uncertainteis tis
	layer_6: how a i to live an owmr in such uncertainty is this
	layer_8: how am i to live an our in such uncertainty as this
	layer_10: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this
	layer_12: how am i to live an hour in such uncertainty as this

file: 4515-11057-0077.flac
expected: i do wish it
	layer_2: i dowished
	layer_4: i do wish it
	layer_6: i do wish it
	layer_8: i do wish it
	layer_10: i do wish it
	layer_12: i do wish it

file: 4515-11057-0078.flac
expected: her emotion had an effect upon him and his voice trembled
	layer_2: heremytion had nhefec donl hi and his voice trembled
	layer_4: heremotion had n affectd on him and his voice trembled
	layer_6: heremotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_8: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_10: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled
	layer_12: her emotion had an effect on him and his voice trembled

file: 4515-11057-0079.flac
expected: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_2: there is ni natural lo that t chald shoul sef rendet emhrything for hear parance
	layer_4: there is no natural lare that tao charle should surende everything for her parence
	layer_6: there is no natural law that ha chirlves should surrendea everything for her parents
	layer_8: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_10: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents
	layer_12: there is no natural law that a child should surrender everything for her parents

file: 4515-11057-0080.flac
expected: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_2: yuvdno o soe much mor of the wol tan ider catuad ficemeng
	layer_4: youv no  so much more of the wold than ido can'tou adfice me
	layer_6: you knoww so much more of the world than i do can't yu advice me
	layer_8: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advice me
	layer_10: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me
	layer_12: you know so much more of the world than i do can't you advise me

file: 4515-11057-0081.flac
expected: is there no way of providing for my father
	layer_2: us thed no wy of tprovoiding fo my fotother
	layer_4: yous the know way ove provoiding for my faother
	layer_6: is ther' no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_8: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_10: is there no way of provoiding for my father
	layer_12: is there no way of provoiding for my father

file: 4515-11057-0082.flac
expected: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_2: gode god this is froihtful mari on i can standet
	layer_4: good god this is frightful maryian i canstand it
	layer_6: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_8: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_10: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it
	layer_12: good god this is frightful marian i can't stand it

file: 4515-11057-0083.flac
expected: i will be faithful to you
	layer_2: i will be fatful t
	layer_4: i will be faite ful toou
	layer_6: i will be faithful to you
	layer_8: i will be faithful to you
	layer_10: i will be faithful to you
	layer_12: i will be faithful to you

file: 4515-11057-0084.flac
expected: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_2: he had maghde o protense of holding his me bror ioveor her but mariy in tuar dowiy a wake to alittle distencs and stood biny the sheltor of a grite tri her face of erted frompin
	layer_4: he had made a protents of holding his umbrowoar ivor her but maryanturnd awiy and waled to wa little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a grit try her fice o vrited frompihium
	layer_6: he had made a pretentse of holding his umbrower over her but maryin turned away and walk to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_8: he had made a pretense of holding his umbreler over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_10: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him
	layer_12: he had made a pretence of holding his umbrella over her but marian turned away and walked to a little distance and stood beneath the shelter of a great tree her face averted from him

file: 4515-11057-0085.flac
expected: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_2: noviy to folloo he swr ther her fride wh shake in by saoun los sourping
	layer_4: movi to follow he saw that her fram wa shake en by saounles sobing
	layer_6: mov it to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_8: movig to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_10: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing
	layer_12: moving to follow he saw that her frame was shaken by soundless sobbing

file: 4515-11057-0086.flac
expected: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_2: ei what kal ter be mor seoficiness
	layer_4: in what can ther bee more soficiness
	layer_6: in what can there bee more solfishness
	layer_8: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_10: in what can there be more selfishness
	layer_12: in what can there be more selfishness

file: 4515-11057-0087.flac
expected: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_2: bot ha couldnt say on word that wulcd sem to in fit such missr ees this
	layer_4: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to imfight such miserias this
	layer_6: but i couldn't say on word that would seem to invighte such misery as this
	layer_8: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_10: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this
	layer_12: but i couldn't say a word that would seem to invite such misery as this

file: 4515-11057-0088.flac
expected: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_2: youd turn love me jespe and thatsand and of everything
	layer_4: you turn love me jespo and that's and ind of everything
	layer_6: you dun't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_8: you don't love me jaspa and that's an end of everything
	layer_10: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything
	layer_12: you don't love me jasper and that's an end of everything

file: 4515-11057-0089.flac
expected: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_2: hapinesso misorry cometo ess by fiet
	layer_4: happiness o miserycome to us by  fagt
	layer_6: happiness or misery come to us by a fagt
	layer_8: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_10: happiness or misery come to us by fate
	layer_12: happiness or misery come to us by fate

file: 4515-11057-0090.flac
expected: is it in my power to make you happy
	layer_2: is if hin my powt to mighke youhappiy
	layer_4: is if hi my powert to ma you happy
	layer_6: is if hen my power to mak you happy
	layer_8: is if hin my power to make you happy
	layer_10: is if in my power to make you happy
	layer_12: is if in my power to make you happy

file: 4515-11057-0091.flac
expected: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_2: bu ha e at seae hyouve louet my be fo thet y should hav it ll wiced to remimbe
	layer_4: but hif yheu had sat you loved me befor that i should heave it allwise to remimber
	layer_6: but if you had sai you loved me before that i should have it alwayse to remember
	layer_8: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_10: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember
	layer_12: but if you had said you loved me before that i should have it always to remember

file: 4515-11057-0092.flac
expected: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_2: if i belief anysing i beleaves oat i die lo in
	layer_4: if i beliee any thing i believes hat i' dit love you
	layer_6: if i believe anything i believes that i did love you
	layer_8: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_10: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you
	layer_12: if i believe anything i believe that i did love you

file: 4515-11057-0093.flac
expected: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_2: what ciam you s to meng mor than you have se nerw
	layer_4: what can you say to me more than you have se na
	layer_6: what can you say to me more than you have set no
	layer_8: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_10: what can you say to me more than you have said now
	layer_12: what can you say to me more than you have said now

file: 4515-11057-0094.flac
expected: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it comes to
	layer_2: remambe me as of man who distredgarded prisel slaf such as yrs to go and make himself u proud position omon foos and naves in denk that wore ites comtonm
	layer_4: rememberme as a man who disregard o priceleslave such as yurs to go and mak himself a proud position omon foos a naves indeed that wat its cometo
	layer_6: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless lave such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and naves indeed that' what it's come to
	layer_8: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_10: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to
	layer_12: remember me as a man who disregarded priceless love such as yours to go and make himself a proud position among fools and knaves indeed that's what it's come to

file: 4515-11057-0095.flac
expected: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_2: soen enou fye ould thorly despoismieg and thu i should ne it was merited wmit a vers proid wouldh revol togainstet
	layer_4: soon an ou fyew would thorougly dispise me and though i should knol it was merited my pevirst pried would revolt togainst it
	layer_6: soon enoug fyew would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revult against it
	layer_8: soon enough yoeu would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_10: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it
	layer_12: soon enough you would thoroughly despise me and though i should know it was merited my perverse pride would revolt against it

file: 4515-11057-0096.flac
expected: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_2: what canm py simplo thin the trth
	layer_4: what can be simplo han the trufh
	layer_6: what can be simpler than the trut
	layer_8: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_10: what can be simpler than the truth
	layer_12: what can be simpler than the truth

file: 4515-11057-0097.flac
expected: it is a thing that happens every day either in man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_2: it is a fing than happans avefri dy etherin a man al omen and faol that onlor de mance is the coraged dto confest the trith
	layer_4: it is a thing thant happens every day either in aman al whomen and fall that honloa demans is the curage to convfesst the truth
	layer_6: it is a ting thant happens every day either in a man orlld woman and wall that honl a demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_8: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man orld woman and all that hono demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_10: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth
	layer_12: it is a thing that happens every day either in a man or woman and all that honour demands is the courage to confess the truth

file: 4515-11057-0098.flac
expected: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_2: marryen bo he do tis whil hou live here in gageet losfornothe sixmoncse but withey out have metin jouring that tin
	layer_4: marian woll yhoeu do this will you let har an gagement las fornother six monhs but withey out have meting juring that ti
	layer_6: marian will you do this will you let hor engagement last fr another six months but without have meeting during that time
	layer_8: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without oe meeting during that time
	layer_10: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time
	layer_12: marian will you do this will you let our engagement last for another six months but without our meeting during that time

file: 4515-11057-0099.flac
expected: that seems to me childish
	layer_2: that sems to me chardish
	layer_4: that seems to me charldish
	layer_6: that seems to me childish
	layer_8: that seems to me childish
	layer_10: that seems to me childish
	layer_12: that seems to me childish

file: 4515-11057-0100.flac
expected: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an autumnal mist
	layer_2: the ran fel onseacing wen ad withthit begad to nigl a or tomdbla bist
	layer_4: the rain fell un seasingin and with it begaved to migle an or tumblin misst
	layer_6: the rain fell unceasingly and with it begane to migle an or tumbi mist
	layer_8: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle aoutumbli mist
	layer_10: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an artumbling mist
	layer_12: the rain fell unceasingly and with it began to mingle an artumbling mist

file: 4515-11057-0101.flac
expected: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_2: jes but delid a mi ment theyn ast coely
	layer_4: jes pbut delaghd a myment the n asked caly
	layer_6: jes pert delayd a miment then asked camly
	layer_8: jasper delayd a moment then asked calmly
	layer_10: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly
	layer_12: jasper delayed a moment then asked calmly

file: 4515-11057-0102.flac
expected: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_2: i you goid to the musen yes
	layer_4: ie you goig to the musim yes
	layer_6: are you going to the musim yes
	layer_8: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_10: are you going to the museum yes
	layer_12: are you going to the museum yes

file: 4515-11057-0103.flac
expected: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_2: go hime hagi or thi smorning maring in you cap work
	layer_4: gohime agime for thi smarning marian you carp work
	layer_6: go home again for thismorning marian you carp work
	layer_8: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_10: go home again for this morning marian you can't work
	layer_12: go home again for this morning marian you can't work

file: 4515-11057-0104.flac
expected: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_2: bi must and i have no tan to lis
	layer_4: by must and i have no tim to los
	layer_6: my must and i have no time to lose
	layer_8: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_10: i must and i have no time to lose
	layer_12: i must and i have no time to lose

file: 4515-11057-0105.flac
expected: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_2: god by she gavfe ied hersh indt
	layer_4: good by she gave hin her thied
	layer_6: good bye she gave him her and
	layer_8: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_10: good bye she gave him her hand
	layer_12: good bye she gave him her hand

file: 4515-11057-0106.flac
expected: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_2: thi lookedody ch other forn eastat they mawiin left the shelto of the trin i penter of brellar and waked quicply awi
	layer_4: thy looked it each other furn ianstamt theyr marryan left the shelte of the tre ipet her o brellar and walked quickly awhy
	layer_6: they looked at each other for an instant their mary and left the shelter of the tree operet her am brella and walked quickly away
	layer_8: they looked at each other for an instant ther marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_10: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away
	layer_12: they looked at each other for an instant then marian left the shelter of the tree opened her umbrella and walked quickly away

file: 4515-11057-0107.flac
expected: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_2: jes bhe did not watch hr he had the face aof a mant ho was suffer a a sof feyaut he meieation
	layer_4: just the did not watch her he had the face of a man who is suffering as of fva humallyation
	layer_6: just be did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering a sevear humualiation
	layer_8: jaspa did not watch her he had the face of a man who was suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_10: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering a severe humiliation
	layer_12: jasper did not watch her he had the face of a man who wis suffering a severe humiliation

file: 4515-11057-0108.flac
expected: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tones and aspect
	layer_2: his sist o sive birry little for she reackig nos geanu n sueringin his tin san aspict
	layer_4: his sister sa bery little for she recogno as genu an suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_6: his sister said very little for she recognoa's genuane suffering in his tins and aspect
	layer_8: his sister said very little for she recognised genuine suffering in his tines and aspect
	layer_10: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his times and aspect
	layer_12: his sister said very little for she recognized genuine suffering in his times and aspect

file: 4515-11057-0109.flac
expected: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_2: a fher wenksugo he aually prepos towar omman for hom he dus not protamed to have the slitees toffection but he was bery rich and who semed litely to ba fulition oug to marry hm
	layer_4: a few winks ago he atually propose to ar woman for herm he dos not protamed to have the slightes tdeffection but he was bery rich and who seemed liktely to be foolithonough to mary him
	layer_6: a few wins ago he atually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretened to have the slightest deffection but who wis very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_8: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_10: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him
	layer_12: a few weeks ago he actually proposed to a woman for whom he does not pretend to have the slightest affection but who is very rich and who seemed likely to be foolish enough to marry him

file: 4515-11057-0110.flac
expected: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_2: yest nong mording he roa seeved er finol ansur ho refusal
	layer_4: yest ning morning he re ceived her fina ancswer  refusal
	layer_6: yestir nae morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_8: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_10: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal
	layer_12: yesterday morning he received her final answer a refusal

file: 4515-11057-0111.flac
expected: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_2: i wile on er stnd thy sholly u  at no fresh prifh how ately a woerthe he as of heu
	layer_4: you will understeand thy surely yu ned no fresh prof how ately awr thy he ias of hou
	layer_6: you will understand thoyh surely you need no fresh proof how utterly arworthy he irs of you
	layer_8: you will understand tho surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_10: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you
	layer_12: you will understand though surely you need no fresh proof how utterly unworthy he is of you

file: 4515-11057-0112.flac
expected: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_2: you wir the only forei doy have of my on secks and i could not ba tw lose hyou
	layer_4: you wo the only fr end oy have of my on sex and i could not be t lose you
	layer_6: you ere the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not beat lose you
	layer_8: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_10: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you
	layer_12: you are the only friend i have of my own sex and i could not bear to lose you

file: 4515-11057-0113.flac
expected: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_2: sevle das pas befor thei came of reply
	layer_4: severle days passed before theirt came of reply
	layer_6: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_8: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_10: several days passed before there came a reply
	layer_12: several days passed before there came a reply

file: 4515-11057-0114.flac
expected: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_2: i must inly ask thitk you wil wright tome with out the leastd refferente to things troubls tell be boverwayse about yourself ad be shae that you cannot tel ne too much
	layer_4: i must only asked that you wil right to me without the least refference to thes troubles tell be olways about yourself and be shre that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_6: i must only asked that you will wright to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_8: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_10: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much
	layer_12: i must only ask that you will write to me without the least reference to these troubles tell me always about yourself and be sure that you cannot tell me too much

file: 3915-57461-0000.flac
expected: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_2: we have secceeded in a masing too hundred unces of silver a nogh i tresd to a rec a hancs om bront figur
	layer_4: we have succeeded and amassing too hundred ounses of silver anog i tresed to arect a handsome brownd figure
	layer_6: we have succeeded in a massing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brownd figure
	layer_8: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome brond figure
	layer_10: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure
	layer_12: we have succeeded in amassing two hundred ounces of silver enough i trust to erect a handsome bronze figure

file: 3915-57461-0001.flac
expected: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this priest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_2: two be sur it seems ashame yet of i coud stel the money this priesedes bosting abut i could livf it es for the rest of mid days and o he begaincasting bout howp best he migt composes perpos
	layer_4: to be sure it seens ashame yet if i could steal the money this priesed es bosting about i could live it eas for the rest of my days and soh he begain casting about how best he might composis purpoe
	layer_6: too be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steel the money this pries is boasting about i could live it ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compas his purpose
	layer_8: to be sure it seems ashame yet if i could steal the money this pres is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compos his purpose
	layer_10: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this pres is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose
	layer_12: to be sure it seems a shame yet if i could steal the money this prest is boasting about i could live at ease for the rest of my days and so he began casting about how best he might compass his purpose

file: 3915-57461-0002.flac
expected: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrade's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of kuana
	layer_2: but the prest far from guesing the drift of his comrads thugts durny cherefully on till they rich the tom of coona
	layer_4: but the prist far from guessing the drift of his comrads thoughts durny cheerfully on til they reched the townm of corna
	layer_6: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrad's thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of korna
	layer_8: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona
	layer_10: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reched the town of cona
	layer_12: but the priest far from guessing the drift of his comrades thoughts journeyed cheerfully on till they reached the town of cona

file: 3915-57461-0003.flac
expected: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_2: her thereis an arm of the se which es crosd in fary bots that startes soon a some tweny or thirty pasengers argather together and a whone of thes boats the two tralers omd bart
	layer_4: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startes soon an som twenty or thirty passenger s are gather together and an oe of these boates the two travelers ambarkt
	layer_6: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in fairy boats that startast soon ad some twenty or thirty passengers are gather together and in one of these boats the two travellers and barked
	layer_8: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in farry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked
	layer_10: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travelers embarked
	layer_12: here there is an arm of the sea which is crossed in ferry boats that start as soon as some twenty or thirty passengers are gathered together and in one of these boats the two travellers embarked

file: 3915-57461-0004.flac
expected: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_2: wen the bot man apassender's heard the splashion saw the pries trugliy in the waterd theye were a fraid and mat every effert to sayve him but the wind was faire ind the boat running swifly under the belling sailes saoi they weresoon a few hundred yards off rom the drouning man who sank before the bot kcouldbe turne tor reskeu him
	layer_4: when the boate men a passinders heard the splashion saw the prise strugglin in the water theyr werefraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair an the boat running swiftly under the bellying sales so they were soon a few hundred yards off rom the drowning man who sank before the boate could be turned to reskou him
	layer_6: when the boat man an passenders heard the splashi and saw the prie strugglig in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_8: when the boatmen an passengers heard the splash and saw the prie struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the belling sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_10: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him
	layer_12: when the boatmen and passengers heard the splash and saw the priest struggling in the water they were afraid and made every effort to save him but the wind was fair and the boat running swiftly under the bellying sails so they were soon a few hundred yards off from the drowning man who sank before the boat could be turned to rescue him

file: 3915-57461-0005.flac
expected: when he saw this the ronin feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priest whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kiyoto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_2: when he sawthas the rond faind the out mose creaven dismame and said to his fellu pasenders this preese toom we of just lostd was my cousn't he was going to cioto to visit the shrign of his patrant and as i happen to have business there s well we suttled to travl t ogether
	layer_4: when he saw this the ron fained the utmost criefin dosmame and said to his fellow passengers this presed twhom we hoav just lost was my cousant he was going to kiyo to to visit the shrin of his patrent and has i happened to have business there is well we settled to travele together
	layer_6: when he saw this the ron feined the utmost crief an dismayme and said to his fellow passengers this preese whom we have just lost wis my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrin of his patrant and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_8: when he saw this the ron fegned the utmost grief and dismaym and said to his fellow passengers this preezed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to qioto to visit the shrine of his patront and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_10: when he saw this the run fegned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priezed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to kioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together
	layer_12: when he saw this the ron feigned the utmost grief and dismay and said to his fellow passengers this priezed whom we have just lost was my cousin he was going to cioto to visit the shrine of his patron and as i happened to have business there as well we settled to travel together

file: 3915-57461-0006.flac
expected: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_2: neh las by this mis fortun my cousen is dead and ei am left l lon
	layer_4: now las by this mis fortune my cousin is dead and i am left l lone
	layer_6: nowalas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_8: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_10: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone
	layer_12: now alas by this misfortune my cousin is dead and i am left alone

file: 3915-57461-0007.flac
expected: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story and pitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_2: he spoke sofeelingly and wept so freely thae the passender's belevedastry and piteedan tried comferedum
	layer_4: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freeely that the passengers believed o story indpitieden tried  comford im
	layer_6: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed tho story anmd pitied and tried to comfor hem
	layer_8: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_10: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him
	layer_12: he spoke so feelingly and wept so freely that the passengers believed his story unpitied and tried to comfort him

file: 3915-57461-0008.flac
expected: then the ronin said to the boatmen
	layer_2: than the rounen saidto the botmen
	layer_4: then the roanint said tof the boatmen
	layer_6: then the ron ad said to the boatman
	layer_8: then the rhonand said to the boatman
	layer_10: then the rhoman said to the boatman
	layer_12: then the rhoman said to the boatman

file: 3915-57461-0009.flac
expected: what think you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_2: what think u gentleman atid he turning to the other shravlers
	layer_4: what think you gentleman adddit he turning to the other stravlers
	layer_6: what think you gentleman added he turning to the other travelers
	layer_8: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_10: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers
	layer_12: what thank you gentlemen added he turning to the other travellers

file: 3915-57461-0010.flac
expected: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronin had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_2: they of course were onlyg to gla to o voit any hinderance to ther onwor jurnmy andd al with oneivoice a gred to wat the roun and haevd proprosed and o the matter we settled
	layer_4: they of course were only two glad to avoid any hindreance to theire on word journy and all with one voice agreeed to what the roun in have proprosed and so the matter wah sadtled
	layer_6: they of course were only two glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ron and have proposed and so the matter was sitled
	layer_8: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the ronan hade proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_10: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhonand had proposed and so the matter was settled
	layer_12: they of course were only too glad to avoid any hindrance to their onward journey and all with one voice agreed to what the rhomand had proposed and so the matter was settled

file: 3915-57461-0011.flac
expected: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronin overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kiyoto
	layer_2: we n at lank they reache theh shor they lefthe bot and every man went his way but the ronent over joyd an is heart took the wondering preacs louggege and putting it with his on persued his jerny to kota
	layer_4: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ronit overjoyed and his heart took the wondering prise luggage and puttng it with his on persued his journey to kioto
	layer_6: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every men went his way but the ron it overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to kioto
	layer_8: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the ronet overjoyed in his heart took the wandering pries's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quioto
	layer_10: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the rhonat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto
	layer_12: when at length they reached the shore they left the boat and every man went his way but the rhonat overjoyed in his heart took the wandering priest's luggage and putting it with his own pursued his journey to quixoto

file: 3915-57461-0012.flac
expected: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amass great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_2: fortun favoring his speculations he bean to a mas great weltend lived at hises de ning himselfnothing and in the corse of time hy maried awife who bore him a child
	layer_4: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amask great wealthan lived at his eas didnying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_6: fortune favouring his speculations he began to a mask great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_8: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_10: fortune favouring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child
	layer_12: fortune favoring his speculations he began to amassk great wealth and lived at his ease denying himself nothing and in the course of time he married a wife who bore him a child

file: 3915-57461-0013.flac
expected: since then all has gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_2: since than alwas gonwel was me yet had i not been por i had never turnedtosasen nor thif
	layer_4: since then alwas gone well was me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassand nor thief
	layer_6: since then allwas gone well wits me yet had i not been poor i had never turned to sassin nor thief
	layer_8: since then allwas gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned a sassin nort thief
	layer_10: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief
	layer_12: since then all was gone well with me yet had i not been poor i had never turned assassin nor thief

file: 3915-57461-0014.flac
expected: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of mien so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_2: he woul a fled into the house but the gose strech forth hi t withered arm and cluching the bac of is next scalld at him with a veendict oof glar ana hitious gastly ness of meanm so on speakably aofful that any ordinary man wul ha swon with fere
	layer_4: he would have floed into the house but the gos stretch fourth at withered arm and cluching the back of his next scolled at him with a vendicet of glar and a hideous gaslyness of mean so one speakably oawfl that any ordinary man would have swoon with feare
	layer_6: he would have fled into the house but the go stretch forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neckt scawled at him with a vindict of glare in a hideous gastliness of mean so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_8: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth hits withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindict iv glare and a hideous ghasliness of men so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear
	layer_10: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of min so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swoone with fear
	layer_12: he would have fled into the house but the ghost stretched forth its withered arm and clutching the back of his neck scowled at him with a vindictive glare and a hideous ghastliness of men so unspeakably awful that any ordinary man would have swooned with fear

file: 3915-57461-0015.flac
expected: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tokubei fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_2: at length un don by such seaseless fvexation tiookea bayfel ill and kaet muttering oa misary misary the wandering preased is coming t torturme
	layer_4: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation tok abey fell ill and ket mudtering o misary misery the wandering priesd is coming to toarture me
	layer_6: at length undune by such ceaseless fexation tookabey fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_8: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation to kubey fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_10: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation till kubey fell ill and kept muttering o misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me
	layer_12: at length undone by such ceaseless vexation till kubey fell ill and kept muttering oh misery misery the wandering priest is coming to torture me

file: 3915-57461-0016.flac
expected: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next street
	layer_2: now t chancse that the story reachd the ears of a certain wandering pracs to lodged in the extrent
	layer_4: now it chance that the story reach the ears of a certain wandering priese two loged in the nextreen
	layer_6: now at chance that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest too lodged in the next trent
	layer_8: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest wo lodged in the next strent
	layer_10: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stret
	layer_12: now it chanced that the story reached the ears of a certain wandering priest who lodged in the next stret

file: 3915-57461-0017.flac
expected: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lay quivering all over
	layer_2: and highding is haduneder the cover let he lak quivering all over
	layer_4: and hiding his head under the coverlet he lak quivering all over
	layer_6: and hiding his head under the cover let he layk quivering all over
	layer_8: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_10: and hiding his head under the cover let he lay quivering all over
	layer_12: and hiding his head under the cover lhet he lay quivering all over

file: 3915-57461-0018.flac
expected: three years ago at the kuana ferry you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_2: three yearsco had the con a fary you flung me into the water andd welld you rememberit
	layer_4: three years go had the co on affairy you flung me into the water and well you remember et
	layer_6: three years ago at the cuon a fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_8: three years ago at the kuona fairy you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_10: three years ago at the ku on a fery you flung me into the water and well you remember it
	layer_12: three years ago at the ku on a feiry you flung me into the water and well you remember it

file: 3915-57461-0019.flac
expected: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_2: happly continyred the preast i had larned to swim an o dive as a boy sa i reach the sore and after wandering throgh many proavences succeeded and setting up ue brond fir gurd to boudua thus fefilling the wish of my heart
	layer_4: happily continue the priesed i had learned to swim and todive as a boy sa i reach the shore and after wandering through many provences succeeded and setting up o brownd figure to buoda thusfafhilling the wish of my heart
	layer_6: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded ind setting up a brond figure to buda thus fufilling the wish of my heart
	layer_8: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a brond figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_10: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronze figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart
	layer_12: happily continued the priest i had learned to swim and to dive as a boy so i reached the shore and after wandering through many provinces succeeded in setting up a bronde figure to buddha thus fulfilling the wish of my heart

file: 3915-57461-0020.flac
expected: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailment
	layer_2: o my jurny hommworts i toothologing in the next treet and ther huard of your marvliss alment
	layer_4: on my journey homwords i took a loging in the nextreet and there heard of your morvalus alment
	layer_6: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and ther heard of your morvelous alement
	layer_8: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvellous ailement
	layer_10: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment
	layer_12: on my journey homewards i took a lodging in the next street and there heard of your marvelous ailment

file: 3915-57461-0021.flac
expected: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_2: thinking i culd devine ats care tha came to see and them glad to find i was not a stakan
	layer_4: thinking i could devin its caus i came to seeyou and hem glad to find i was not mostaken
	layer_6: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and them glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_8: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and im glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_10: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and  am glad to find i was not mistaken
	layer_12: thinking i could divine its cause i came to see you and am glad to find i was not mistaken

file: 3915-57461-0022.flac
expected: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_2: and would int not ill become me to bare mows
	layer_4: and would it not ill become me to bear malce
	layer_6: and would it not ill become me to bear malace
	layer_8: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_10: and would it not ill become me to bear malice
	layer_12: and would it not ill become me to bear malice

file: 3915-57461-0023.flac
expected: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways
	layer_2: repen therefore in a bandinear evlways
	layer_4: repent therefore in a bandinear evilways
	layer_6: repent therefore in abandonyour evil ways
	layer_8: repent therefore in abandon your evil ways
	layer_10: repent therefore an abandon your evil ways
	layer_12: repent therefore and abandon your evil ways

file: 3915-57461-0024.flac
expected: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_2: to see you do so i shoul a steme the heighte of happiness
	layer_4: to see you do so i shoul he stem the hight of happiness
	layer_6: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_8: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_10: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness
	layer_12: to see you do so i should esteem the height of happiness

file: 3915-57461-0025.flac
expected: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_2: be ov good chere now and look bmeain the face and ew willsey that i am rillia living man and now venshfull dobblan cometo twoermantyu
	layer_4: be of good cheer now and looke me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengheful goblin come to tormentya
	layer_6: be of good cher now and look me in the face and you will see that i am reallya living man and no venghful goblin come to torment yu
	layer_8: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_10: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you
	layer_12: be of good cheer now and look me in the face and you will see that i am really a living man and no vengeful goblin come to torment you

file: 3915-57461-0026.flac
expected: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_2: in a fit hov madness i was tempted to kill and wropia
	layer_4: in a fit ovf madness i was tempted to kill and brobiu
	layer_6: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robyu
	layer_8: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and robu
	layer_10: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and rob you
	layer_12: in a fit of madness i was tempted to kill and ro you

file: 3915-57461-0027.flac
expected: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_2: forthim be frended me ever after but the riture i grew the more kenly i telt how wicket i had been and the more i or saw that my victims fengions woultd some day ofver takemeg
	layer_4: fortune befriendid me ever after but the wricere i grew the more kenly i felt how wicket i had been and the more i fore saw that my victims fenganse would some day overtake me
	layer_6: fortuned befriendid me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_8: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would someday overtake me
	layer_10: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me
	layer_12: fortune befriended me ever after but the richer i grew the more keenly i felt how wicked i had been and the more i foresaw that my victim's vengeance would some day overtake me

file: 3915-57461-0028.flac
expected: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_2: hant e by thes thought i los my nerove tilp one night i beheld iyour spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_4: haunte by this thought i lost my nerve tild one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_6: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_8: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_10: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill
	layer_12: haunted by this thought i lost my nerve till one night i beheld your spirit and from that time forth fell ill

file: 3915-57461-0029.flac
expected: but how you managed to escape and are still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_2: but hawyu meneishd to has scapenher still la live is more than i can under stand
	layer_4: but how you managed to his scape in er still a livfe is more than i can understand
	layer_6: but how you manage to hesscape in her still alife is more than i can understand
	layer_8: but how you manage to escape an her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_10: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand
	layer_12: but how you manage to escape and her still alive is more than i can understand

file: 3915-57461-0030.flac
expected: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork's beak a murderer's conscience preys upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_2: a gulty man said the prieacd with a smile shuters at the rust ling of the wend wr the chatering of a storksbek a murders constiants prase upon his min til hee ses what is not
	layer_4: a guilty man said the priesed with a smile shudtters at the rustling of the wend owr the chattering of a storkspeak a murders conscientse praise upon his mind till he ses what is not
	layer_6: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind ore the shattering of a storkspeak a murders conscience praise upon his mind till he ses what is not
	layer_8: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudders at the wrustling of the wind or the chattering of a stork speak a murder's conscience praise upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_10: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the wrustling of the wind or the chattering of a storc speak a murderer's conscience prais upon his mind till he sees what is not
	layer_12: a guilty man said the priest with a smile shudters at the rustling of the wind or the chattering of a storc speak a murderer's conscience prais upon his mind till he sees what is not

file: 3915-98647-0000.flac
expected: every well ordered japanese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrine which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_2: every well ordher japins hom of the old fasion kng has itetlitleshrnm which as the senter of ther reli os lif o the hous
	layer_4: every well ordered japtis home of the old fashion kan heas its little shrinm which is the senter of the religoth life of the house
	layer_6: every well ordered japties home of the old fashione kind has its little shrun which is the centre of the religios life of the house
	layer_8: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrum which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_10: every well ordered jaknease home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrin which is the centre of the religious life of the house
	layer_12: every well ordered japnese home of the old fashioned kind has its little shrin which is the centre of the religious life of the house

file: 3915-98647-0001.flac
expected: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day and anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_2: she idaes ho set the rice ind in be wor thy ans ustrl tamdlets wo lightes thelite lam pech nie and who sise that at teach fe stay n anevrersery seson the proberfud isprepared and set out for the housld gots
	layer_4: sheitis who sets the rice and ne before the ands estral tamdlets who lights the little lampach nighte and who sese that at each feeseday in aneversare ceson the proberfotis prepared and set out for the houseoled gots
	layer_6: she it is who sets the rice and wne before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lampeach night and who seeized that at each feaestday an intirversary season the proper foot is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_8: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gos
	layer_10: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestral tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods
	layer_12: she it is who sets the rice and wine before the ancestrial tablets who lights the little lamp each night and who sees that at each feast day in anniversary season the proper food is prepared and set out for the household gods

file: 3915-98647-0002.flac
expected: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safeguard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_2: these most be ckup carefully by the mothers o sae gartedein than manyt evles tha beset child life
	layer_4: these must be kept carefully by the mothers a safe gardaganse the many evils tha beset child life
	layer_6: these must be kept carefully by the mother is ta safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_8: these must be kept carefully by the mother is a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_10: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life
	layer_12: these must be kept carefully by the mother as a safe guard against the many evils that beset child life

file: 3915-98647-0003.flac
expected: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_2: visits tonoted temphls by relit ofes im frinds offin rs alt an aditionhs to the ch ilt clection
	layer_4: visits tonoted temples by relatives emfriends offen resalt in additions to the childts colection
	layer_6: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result and additions to the child' collection
	layer_8: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_10: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection
	layer_12: visits to noted temples by relatives and friends often result in additions to the child's collection

file: 3915-98647-0004.flac
expected: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althea kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_2: all thes er put thegether boy het carefom mother n preservedis shell asly as queen out the akep the chard stick thit goverend the destinhe afer son
	layer_4: all these re put agether by he careful mother and proserved as chill asly as queen ouf the akept the chard stick that goveren he dest iny o fer son
	layer_6: all these are put together by the careful mother and preserved as jellously as queen of thea kept the chard stick that governd the destiny of her son
	layer_8: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealusly as queen athia kept the chared stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_10: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son
	layer_12: all these were put together by the careful mother and preserved as jealously as queen althia kept the charred stick that governed the destiny of her son

file: 3915-98647-0005.flac
expected: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual owners and they are usually kept stored away in some little used drawer or cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_2: as the childerin arithat years of doscrssion thes treasur's passe out of the mothers fateful keeping into the hans f their actualt ois and ther yersly cep stor t away an some little use drr cadment tild death remoive the nesessity for any further save garts overelife
	layer_4: as the childrn arithat years of discression these treasurs pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual ers and there yearely kept spored away and some little used drar cabnent ntild death removes the necessity for any further save gardso overlife
	layer_6: as the children arrive at years of discresion these treasures pass out of the mothers faithful keeping into the hans of their actual oders and ther yearly kept stored away and some little used drawerer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further save gardsto over life
	layer_8: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual othoers and theyr earsuly kept storeit away an some little used drawereor cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguard s over life
	layer_10: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oters and they re yearsally kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life
	layer_12: as the children arrive at years of discretion these treasures pass out of the mother's faithful keeping into the hands of their actual oters and they re yearually kept stored away in some little used drawer cabinet until death removes the necessity for any further safeguards over life

file: 3915-98647-0006.flac
expected: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of pros and cons can read aright the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_2: ech ani malbringsets on kind of gooder bad lock cin to the houar day or yer over which o prdite and only a skiful boensertr  prose and corns can reed o righte the con tinations and under stin what the lock ofe andy pou teck her hour in an e perticular day o vane pertacular yur bill be
	layer_4: ech animall brings its own kind of gooder bad luc into the hour day or year over which a prodites and only a skillful ball ancwer  pros and cons canreed a right the convinations and understand what the luck of any partiku her hour in any perticular day of any perticular year will be
	layer_6: each animal brings its own kind of gooder badluck into the hour day or year over which ip prosides and only a skillful balancer a pros and cons can read a right the conbinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_8: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it predides and only a skilful balancer of prose an cons can read a write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_10: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of prose and kons can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be
	layer_12: each animal brings its own kind of good or bad luck into the hour day or year over which it presides and only a skillful balancer of prose and cons can read o write the combinations and understand what the luck of any particular hour in any particular day of any particular year will be

file: 3915-98647-0007.flac
expected: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called in
	layer_2: or te greater ofvens of family life tha hom poases hor felt to be too uncertaien an thas servoses of the forthn tellrmust becalden
	layer_4: for the greater evens of family life the whom profaces ar felt to be too uncertain an this services of the fortunteller must becalled hin
	layer_6: for the greater events of family life the hom prophesies are felt to be too uncertain and this services of the fortune tell er must be called him
	layer_8: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain and the services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_10: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called him
	layer_12: for the greater events of family life the home prophecies are felt to be too uncertain in the services of the fortune teller must be called him

file: 3915-98647-0008.flac
expected: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_2: no well manesh family with thinkcuod building in now house without finding in what direction to hayce tue frunt door
	layer_4: no well manishe family wouth think oufd building an new house woithout finding in what direction to tace the front door
	layer_6: no well manishe family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_8: no well manish family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_10: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door
	layer_12: no well managed family would think of building a new house without finding in what direction to face the front door

file: 3915-98647-0009.flac
expected: after this matter has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_2: after this maner has ben setled an the houses farly begoun there ar  catnal craceyes in its construction apon which muchd tepens
	layer_4: after this manner has been cettled and the housees fairly begun there are  casonal crices in its construction upon which much depens
	layer_6: after this manner has been settled and the house is fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depens
	layer_8: after this manner has been settled and the house as fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_10: after this manner has been settled and the house has fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends
	layer_12: after this manner has been settled and the house has fairly begun there are occasional crises in its construction upon which much depends

file: 3915-98647-0010.flac
expected: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_2: a these the most im portaines the day wheng e brofh isrst
	layer_4: of these the most importan s the day in the rof isoraiset
	layer_6: of these the most important is the day when the roof israise
	layer_8: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_10: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised
	layer_12: of these the most important is the day when the roof is raised

file: 3915-98647-0011.flac
expected: the house owner then decides whether the day set by the builder is a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_2: the homsoner then  the side wether the day sadt by the builderis a leckin one for himself and his famw
	layer_4: the houson er then  theside whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_6: the house owner then tesides whether the day set by the builder is alecin one for himself and his family
	layer_8: the houseownor then desides whether the day set by the builder is a lecking one for himself and his family
	layer_10: the houseowner then decides whether the day set by the builder as a lucky one for himself and his family
	layer_12: the houseowner then decides whether the day set by the builder as a lucky one for himself and his family

file: 3915-98647-0012.flac
expected: a present of money to each workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job in hand when at last the house is finished and carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the ridge pole cast down cakes for which the children of the neighborhood scramble joyfully
	layer_2: a present of muny tt whortmen s also in order and will conduse to the rapit in fathwul extecution of the chobat han when it las the housis firnished and carperenders om qlast ers ar ready to leveit the locolfirman who havee sisted all along in the building as un skild labours off in as sn to the brovh and from te brigh pul casdown cakes for which the childrem in the neghboer had scramble joyfuliy
	layer_4: a present o money tiat wortmen is also an order and will condused to the rapid in fathful execution of the jhobit hand when it las the houses pfoirnishe an carbranters amdplasters ore ready to leave it the locale firamen who heave a sisted all along in the building as unskiled labors often a sen to the roof and from the bridghe pule cs down cakes for which the children thin the neighbour hod scramble choyfully
	layer_6: a present of money to ath workmen is also an order and well conduced to the rapit an faithful execution of the jhobet hand when at last the housees finished in carbrenters and plaseders are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskiled labours often a sund to the roof and from the bridge pul cast down cakes for which the children than the neighborhood scrambled choyfully
	layer_8: a present of money to ath workman is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is firnished in carbrenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskelled labors often assund to the roof and from the bridge pule cast down cakes for which the children in the neighborhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_10: a present of money to eath workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasterers are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskelled laborers often ascend to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully
	layer_12: a present of money to eath workmen is also in order and will conduce to the rapid and faithful execution of the job at hand when at last the house is finished in carpenters and plasters are ready to leave it the local firemen who have assisted all along in the building as unskilled laborers often assend to the roof and from the bridge pole cast down cakes for which the children in the neighbourhood scrambled joyfully

file: 3915-98647-0013.flac
expected: all come who can and those who cannot come send servants or provisions
	layer_2: all come who can and thos wo can not consan cterven sir prvisions
	layer_4: all come who can and thos who cannot comesen servan sor provisions
	layer_6: all come who can and thosewho cannot comestin servants or provisions
	layer_8: all come who can and those who cannot come sinc servants or provisions
	layer_10: all come who can and those who cannot come sin servants or provisions
	layer_12: all come who can and those who cannot come sin servants or provisions

file: 3915-98647-0014.flac
expected: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in the cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japan
	layer_2: on the da afterd thit death offern in the evning tbhebodin must replacet in the cask shape carlfen that andtill resontly was ta stil cononly anusnge ophin
	layer_4: on the day after the death often in the evening the bodyg must re placed in the cask shaped cof an that antil resontly was a stile comonly aneus ange aphan
	layer_6: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must we placed in the cask shaped cougfan that until resontly was a style commonly a usingjaphand
	layer_8: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was the style commonly in use in japin
	layer_10: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was tha style commonly in use in japan
	layer_12: on the day after the death often in the evening the body must be placed in a cask shaped coffin that until recently was ta style commonly in use in japan

file: 3915-98647-0015.flac
expected: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with burial in the old way makes the survival of the old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_2: now  mong the weltheer clas es the long coffin has seupercated the small sewhare or round oneth but the smoalarg spens connecto with he barial an the oldwayt maxes er vivle of an old tipe u nescesciti for themanjarty of jappans
	layer_4: now among the wealthior classes the long coffen has superceted the small suar or round one but the smollerg pens connecto with tha barial aind the oldway makees survival of an old typte anecessity for the majority of japines
	layer_6: now among the wealthier classes the long cofgfin has superceeded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a bariel in the old way makes as survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_8: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superceded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with a burrial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_10: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with he burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese
	layer_12: now among the wealthier classes the long coffin has superseded the small square or round one but the smaller expense connected with the burial in the old way makes a survival of an old type a necessity for the majority of japanese

file: 3915-98647-0016.flac
expected: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_2: at in upointed time all the relithovfes the somble in the defh chamber and proparations ere mad for the bathing of the courps
	layer_4: at an apointed time all the relitivfes the sumble in the detht chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the courps
	layer_6: at an appointed time all the relatives the sumbole in the death chamber ind preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_8: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_10: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse
	layer_12: at an appointed time all the relatives assemble in the death chamber and preparations are made for the bathing of the corpse

file: 3915-98647-0017.flac
expected: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_2: her's now  ficial sarn maniyo morning of parent for their childeren nord hes custeom require them the perofornt any hof lelased right s ortten the iinner
	layer_4: there's no  ficial sara menialn morning of parence for their children nor dois custom require them the prformt any of the last rigts or attend the funr
	layer_6: there's no official ceramilial mourning of parents for their children nor doescustom require them to perform any of the last rights or attend the funral
	layer_8: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_10: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral
	layer_12: there is no official ceremonial mourning of parents for their children nor does custom require them to perform any of the last rites or attend the funeral

file: 3915-98647-0018.flac
expected: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_2: upon they youngr brothers an csisters fals the duty of iten din to all thelasts sad minestrations
	layer_4: upon the younger brothers and sistrs falls the duty of attending to all  the last sad ministrations
	layer_6: upon the younger brothers andsisters falls the duty of attending to allf the last sad ministrations
	layer_8: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to allf the last sad ministrations
	layer_10: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations
	layer_12: upon the younger brothers and sisters falls the duty of attending to all the last sad ministrations

file: 3915-98647-0019.flac
expected: when the body has been washed it is dressed in white in silk habutai whenever the family can afford it
	layer_2: when the body has eaend washed as asdresst an whiht in sill cabo tine when everth e fam likan fordat
	layer_4: when the body has band washed as asdresed in white in silcabotime when everth o famlic en ford it
	layer_6: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in sil cabotie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_8: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in sil kaboti whenever the family can afford it
	layer_10: when the body has been washed a is dressed in white in silcabo tie whenever the family can afford it
	layer_12: when the body has been washed as is dressed in white in silcabo ti whenever the family can afford it

file: 3915-98647-0020.flac
expected: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture the chin resting upon the knees the position of the mummies found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_2: the bod to be placsd in the coffen must be folded into a sittng posture nd the chen restig n epon i nes the position of th momius foundin many abaragnal americontums
	layer_4: the body to be place in the coffen must befolded into a sitting posture nd the chin resta on upon then nes the possition of the mumies foundin many aborignal americontums
	layer_6: the body two be placed in the coffin must befolded into a sitting posture and the chin restiyn upon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many abbariginal american tumbs
	layer_8: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummyes found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_10: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummiys found in many aboriginal american tombs
	layer_12: the body to be placed in the coffin must be folded into a sitting posture and the chin rested upon the knees the position of the mummis found in many aboriginal american tombs

file: 3915-98647-0021.flac
expected: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_2: this difficalt to us a pernly imposible feet safely accomplished there r placet in the cofenand number of small things touth the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_4: this difficult to us a parently emposible feet safely occomplished there aure placed in the cofen an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next worl
	layer_6: this difficult to us apparently impossible feet safely accomplished there are placed in the cofgin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_8: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin an number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_10: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world
	layer_12: this difficult to us apparently impossible feat safely accomplished there are placed in the coffin a number of small things that the dead takes with him to the next world

file: 3915-98647-0022.flac
expected: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to fee the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_2: the singal eccuption to this ral about nettle is that small coper oins may be puten to fe the old hag who goards the bank olfd the riveriove death
	layer_4: the single ecception to this rull about mettle is that small coper coins may be putent to fe the old hag who guards the bank of the river ovf death
	layer_6: the single ecception to this rule about metale is that small copper coins may be put in to fe the old hag who guards the bank of the river of death
	layer_8: the single exception to this rul about metal is that small copper coins may be putt in to fee the old hag who gards the bank of the river of death
	layer_10: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who gards the bank of the river of death
	layer_12: the single exception to this rule about metal is that small copper coins may be put in to feed the old hag who gards the bank of the river of death

file: 3915-98647-0023.flac
expected: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_2: last of alld the va cen spaces ind the coffen ar fildit in with bags ofte
	layer_4: last of all the vigend spaces in the coffen ar filled it in with bags of te
	layer_6: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled ind with bags of tea
	layer_8: last of all the vagant spaces ind the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_10: last of all the vagant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea
	layer_12: last of all the vacant spaces in the coffin are filled in with bags of tea

file: 3915-98647-0024.flac
expected: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_2: so long as the cofinas in the housin must bev watche d over continually
	layer_4: so long as the coffenas in the housin must be watche d over continually
	layer_6: so long as the coffin is in the house intd must be watched over continually
	layer_8: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_10: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually
	layer_12: so long as the coffin is in the house it must be watched over continually

file: 3915-98647-0025.flac
expected: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowed to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_2: it is their duty to seea thofd the an sencsburning before the coffiness te never loe to go out while the food for the deates ere nead a rekuler in er ls by the morners hemselves
	layer_4: it is their dutyd to seei that the indsense burning before the cofines the never laugeto go out while the foote for the dead is wreneed at regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_6: it is their duty to see that the insense burning before the coffinis t never allowved to go out while the foot for the dead is ere newed a regular intervals by the morners themselves
	layer_8: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allowe to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_10: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves
	layer_12: it is their duty to see that the incense burning before the coffin is never allow to go out while the food for the dead is renewed at regular intervals by the mourners themselves

file: 3915-98647-0026.flac
expected: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_2: ther oar few en light n japany as who wil to fen the presentcistim of crulty to the flectet or ho do not long for some chame but so great as the forse of conservoatis im in thisregard so honting the feare that any change mag and the cade a lack of er spectfor the dead thet ereform ad fancees slowlyg
	layer_4: thereare few and light en japinys who will to fend the present sistem of cruelty to the aflictet or ho do not long for some change but so great os the force of concervitism in thisregard so haunting the fear that any change may and docate a lack of erespect for the dead that wreform advancees slowly
	layer_6: there are few an light en japanies who will to fend the present system of cruelty to the efflict ed or who do not long for some change but so great os the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may inddicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_8: there are few endlighten japanes who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great as the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_10: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly
	layer_12: there are few enlightened japanese who will defend the present system of cruelty to the afflicted or who do not long for some change but so great is the force of conservatism in this regard so haunting the fear that any change may indicate a lack of respect for the dead that reform advances slowly

file: 3915-98647-0027.flac
expected: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_2: inde vidral instancees accurn which some of he worst fetures of these custioms ar mat ifit
	layer_4: individural instance es occurin which some of the worst features of these custioms are modifit
	layer_6: individual instanceas occur n which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_8: individual instances occurin which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_10: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified
	layer_12: individual instances occur in which some of the worst features of these customs are modified

file: 3915-98647-0028.flac
expected: a case in point is that of the late mister fukuzawa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_2: a caseond point is that of the lahte mister fook osa a man whis life as to voted to the advancemen of his countrym an ind mattern was and who en his defcontenued his teching
	layer_4: a casein point is that of the late mister foocas aa aman whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countryman inmodern ways and who in his deathcontenued his teaching
	layer_6: a case ind point is that of the lite mister fucazaa a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_8: a case in point is that of the late mister fucazara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who win his death continued his teaching
	layer_10: a case in point is that of the late mister fucuzara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching
	layer_12: a case in point is that of the late mister fucuzara a man whose life was devoted to the advancement of his countrymen in modern ways and who in his death continued his teaching

file: 3915-98647-0029.flac
expected: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_2: in his will he provited that his potdy was to be baried without washing ind he clothing ind which hea dide
	layer_4: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried with out washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_6: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried withoutwashing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_8: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_10: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died
	layer_12: in his will he provided that his body was to be buried without washing in the clothing in which he died

file: 3915-98647-0030.flac
expected: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_2: thrugtheis growing feeling and mhe unselfisness of mae turnl offection mak eomin time the releace from theis mornhul sairem onis
	layer_4: through thers growing feeling and mhe unselfishness of materneal effection mak com on time the release from these mornful saremoneietes
	layer_6: through theirs growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection maye come an time the release from these mournful ceremonieds
	layer_8: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonis
	layer_10: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies
	layer_12: through this growing feeling and the unselfishness of maternal affection may come in time the release from these mournful ceremonies

file: 3915-98647-0031.flac
expected: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_2: jous peore the persestion start oe weredliavei asaro many as held at the house which as attended by the friends of th d sceast and which as substantially the same a that erformed at the somatery
	layer_4: just before the percesion starts a werelige as sare many as held at the house which as attended by the friends of the deceasd and which as substantially the same of that per formed at the sematary
	layer_6: just before the perocession starts o religeos ceremoney is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same af that performed at the cemetery
	layer_8: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_10: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery
	layer_12: just before the procession starts a religious ceremony is held at the house which is attended by the friends of the deceased and which is substantially the same as that performed at the cemetery

file: 3915-98647-0032.flac
expected: on the day of the burial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services of one man to carry it
	layer_2: on the day of the beral great puncies of natural flaowers har sen to the dat each bunch so largeis to recare the servicesfone man to caria
	layer_4: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to recare the services one man o cariot
	layer_6: on the day of the baril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so largees to recar the services one man to caryit
	layer_8: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to reqire the services one man to carry it
	layer_10: on the day of the buril great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services one man to carry it
	layer_12: on the day of the burrial great bunches of natural flowers are sent to the dead each bunch so large as to require the services  one man to carry it

file: 3915-98647-0033.flac
expected: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_2: sometimes with thiif d e man i sen to take part nthe prosession but if the giverfelt too poor to highr  man thisburdan too fals upon the brieved househuld for at i coadt requires that all flowers sent be born to the greave by unform coolies who morch in the fneraul train
	layer_4: sometimes with the gif a man is sent to take part the presession but if the giv erfel too por to higher a man thisburtin too falls upon the brieaved household for aticud requires that all flowers sent be born too the grave by uniform coolies who morch in the funeral train
	layer_6: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part inthe prossession but if the give erfeels two poor to higher a man this burtin two falls upon the berieved household for edicate requirs that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniformed coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_8: sometimes with the gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hier a man this burden too falls upon the berieaved household for ediquate requires that all flowers sent be born to the grave by uniformd coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_10: sometimes with tha gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquete requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train
	layer_12: sometimes with tha gift a man is sent to take part in the procession but if the giver feels too poor to hire a man this burden too falls upon the bereaved household for etiquette requires that all flowers sent be borne to the grave by uniform coolies who march in the funeral train

file: 3915-98647-0034.flac
expected: another favorite present at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be borne to the grave and released thereon
	layer_2: another feaboere presinat thes time among buodist is a cage ofliving birds two be borng to the grave and wereleast theire one
	layer_4: another fabore preson at this time among botdist is o cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were least their on
	layer_6: another favoure presint at this time among butests is a cage of living birds too be borne to the grave and were least ther on
	layer_8: another favorite presint at this time among buddists is a cage of living birds too be born to the grave and were leaset there on
	layer_10: another favorie president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and were leased thereon
	layer_12: another favorte president at this time among buddhists is a cage of living birds to be born to the grave and were leased thereon

file: 3915-98647-0035.flac
expected: it seems more like a bridal than a burial
	layer_2: it seemeds more lick af brid ol than af baril
	layer_4: it seems more like a brid ol than a bearial
	layer_6: it seems more like a bridole than a barial
	layer_8: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_10: it seems more like a bridle than a burial
	layer_12: it seems more like a bridle than a burial

file: 3915-98647-0036.flac
expected: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_2: dering this parioad the spird of the dicistis suppose to bestill in habiting the house and a thab lit ter shrind a set up in the de chang ber peofor which fod inm flowers ar renewd daily
	layer_4: during this period the spirit of the deceased is suppose to be still in hapbiting the house and atabliter shryin as set up in the dethchamber pefore which food an flowers are rened daily
	layer_6: duaring this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tabletor shrin is set up in the deathchamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_8: during this period the spirit of the deseased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house an a tabletor shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_10: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily
	layer_12: during this period the spirit of the deceased is supposed to be still inhabiting the house and a tablet or shrine is set up in the death chamber before which food and flowers are renewed daily

file: 700-122868-0000.flac
expected: of course you must be elaine anne said diana
	layer_2: of carshed you must be alaine an so dan ham
	layer_4: of course you must be aline and sa dianam
	layer_6: of course you must be alane anne said dianam
	layer_8: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_10: of course you must be alane anne said diana
	layer_12: of course you must be alane anne said diana

file: 700-122868-0001.flac
expected: of course it would be romantic conceded jane andrews but i know i couldn't keep still
	layer_2: f carse it wood beour a mantic conseeted chan andris but i know hat i couldn't kep ston
	layer_4: o'f course it would be yaur amantec conceeded chan anderies but i know that i couldn't keep ston
	layer_6: of course it would be ouromanti conceded chain endries but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_8: of course it would be romantic conceded chain endres but i know that i couldn't keep stone
	layer_10: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i knowtha i couldn't keep stone
	layer_12: of course it would be romantic conceded chain andrews but i know that i couldn't keep stone

file: 700-122868-0002.flac
expected: but it's so ridiculous to have a redheaded elaine mourned anne
	layer_2: but i so ered diculust o have a read heaete lan morned an
	layer_4: but i so ere diculus to have a red headety laine morned an
	layer_6: but if soardiculous to hae a red headidy lane morned ene
	layer_8: but itf so rdiculous to have a red headede lane mourned anne
	layer_10: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headed e lane mourned anne
	layer_12: but it's so ridiculous to have a red headed e lane mourned anne

file: 700-122868-0003.flac
expected: and elaine was the lily maid
	layer_2: and a lane was a loein mad
	layer_4: and a lan was a loving mad
	layer_6: an alane was a loving maide
	layer_8: an alane was ha loving maid
	layer_10: and alain was a loving maid
	layer_12: and alan was a loving maid

file: 700-122868-0004.flac
expected: your complexion is just as fair as ruby's said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_2: yo'r compluction is u susfairas rebis said dian at earn tesla and your hers ever soeman s jarcr than ht usto vbe befor yu cuti
	layer_4: youre complection is jos sus fair s rebies said diana arnesly and your her s ever so muchs jarker than at used to be before you cut it
	layer_6: youre complexion is just as fair s rubies said diona earnestly and your hair s ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_8: your complexion is just as fair as rubius said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_10: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it
	layer_12: your complexion is just as fair as rubies said diana earnestly and your hair is ever so much darker than it used to be before you cut it

file: 700-122868-0005.flac
expected: it was splendid to fish for trout over the bridge and the two girls learned to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed dory mister barry kept for duck shooting
	layer_2: it wasplented defish for tchart of er the brece and tha twl girls tlored to ro thmselvs about in thae little foat bottom dorin ths surbaryghee foroductuting
	layer_4: it was splunded dofish for crot over the bridgh and the two girls loard to row themselves about in the little floght bottom dori mas surbery cep forduc tuting
	layer_6: it was splended to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls luared to row themselves about in the little flat bottom doryan mis serbury kept for duckthuting
	layer_8: it was splendid o fish for trat over the bridge and the two girls loared to row themselves about in the little flat bottomed doriam mis ster berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_10: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lewed to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorium mis ser berry kept for duck shooting
	layer_12: it was splendid to fish for trot over the bridge and the two girls lewed to row themselves about in the little flat bottom dorium mis ser bery kept for duck shooting

file: 700-122868-0006.flac
expected: it was anne's idea that they dramatize elaine
	layer_2: it was a nddity ath the jramatis  lain
	layer_4: it was ay in ider thathey jrarmatise alan
	layer_6: it was aindida that they drometiz a lan
	layer_8: it was ann's idea that they dramatise a lane
	layer_10: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane
	layer_12: it was anne's idea that they dramatize a lane

file: 700-122868-0007.flac
expected: those days she said were so much more romantic than the present
	layer_2: the stay she said were sa muh mor remantic an the presend
	layer_4: theresday she said wer so much mere romantic in the present
	layer_6: there's day she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_8: thusday she said were so much more romantic an the present
	layer_10: thusday she said were so much more romantic in the present
	layer_12: thusday she said were so much more romantic in the present

file: 700-122868-0008.flac
expected: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing elaine
	layer_2: they had oftin gom dow mike thes and nhthin coul be mor can veniint forplaing lan
	layer_4: they had often gone down mike this and nothink could be more canvenient for playing alane
	layer_6: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_8: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing a lane
	layer_10: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane
	layer_12: they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing alane

file: 700-122868-0009.flac
expected: the black shawl having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_2: the lackshal having meen procarn an spet ed ever the flat and then lay down of the bothom with closed eyes and handsful det over her brest
	layer_4: the black shall having meen procuren and spettit over the floght and then lay down on the bottom with closet eyes and hands fuld ed over her brest
	layer_6: the black shall having been procurn anne sped it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_8: the black shell having been procure anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_10: the black shell having been procured anne spead it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast
	layer_12: the black shell having been procured anne spread it over the flat and then lay down on the bottom with closed eyes and hands folded over her breast

file: 700-122868-0010.flac
expected: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_2: it spiles the of fact weces isus hundrte of years befor missussne wus borne
	layer_4: it spiles they ave fect because is is hundreds of years before missuslun bust born
	layer_6: its spoiles the af fect because this as hundreds of years before missus linbus born
	layer_8: it spoils the effect because tis is hundreds of years before missus lynd wasborn
	layer_10: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born
	layer_12: it spoils the effect because this is hundreds of years before missus lynde was born

file: 700-122868-0011.flac
expected: jane you arrange this
	layer_2: ten yerrentces
	layer_4: gan yeur rances
	layer_6: jan yur renches
	layer_8: can your renches
	layer_10: can your wenches
	layer_12: chan your wrenches

file: 700-122868-0012.flac
expected: it's silly for elaine to be talking when she's dead
	layer_2: it cily frelaine to be tacking whent hi stan
	layer_4: it scily fuirling to be talking when he stan
	layer_6: it siltly furlyin to be talking when se stand
	layer_8: it's sily furl nd to be talking when she stad
	layer_10: it's silly furling to be talking when she staid
	layer_12: it's silly furling to be talking when she staid

file: 700-122868-0013.flac
expected: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_2: cjanerusto the  cason
	layer_4: jane rust of the acason
	layer_6: jhanres tof the ccason
	layer_8: jane rost to the occason
	layer_10: jane rose to the occasion
	layer_12: jane rose to the occasion

file: 700-122868-0014.flac
expected: left behind at the landing
	layer_2: the eind at the landing
	layer_4: the behind at the landing
	layer_6: tha behinde the landing
	layer_8: tha behindi the landing
	layer_10: that behind t the landing
	layer_12: that behind it the landing

file: 700-122868-0015.flac
expected: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_2: and gave one gaskping little screne whuch nobity ever hearn she was wit the lips but she di not lase her selfposession
	layer_4: and gave one gasping little screm which nobody ever hern she was whitet the lips but she did not lowse herself posession
	layer_6: annd gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever hearn she was whitet the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_8: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose herself possession
	layer_10: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession
	layer_12: anne gave one gasping little scream which nobody ever heard she was white to the lips but she did not lose her self possession

file: 700-122868-0016.flac
expected: there was one chance just one
	layer_2: there was one chants just on
	layer_4: there as one chance just one
	layer_6: there is one chance just one
	layer_8: there is one chance just one
	layer_10: there is one chance just one
	layer_12: there is one chance just one

file: 700-122868-0017.flac
expected: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_2: and e suc sircom stanses you on't think rmen tabout making of flowe pr
	layer_4: and do such scircumstances you on't think munta bout making of flowery prair
	layer_6: under such chircumstances you on't think munct about making a flowry praire
	layer_8: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_10: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer
	layer_12: under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer

file: 700-122868-0018.flac
expected: the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream
	layer_2: the vatr tod ender the breats and then promply sank on mid strane
	layer_4: the flit er tad under the brids and then promply sankin midstrem
	layer_6: the fat tro tod under the brids and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_8: the flit drited under the bridge and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_10: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in mid stream
	layer_12: the flight drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in mid stream

file: 700-122868-0019.flac
expected: ruby jane and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had not a doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_2: rebe chame and thana al reay a witting it un the lower head lan saht di sapparebefor ther varyeys and had no doutpbut thut an and gon downg with it
	layer_4: ruby cjhame and thy ana allready a witting it on the lower head lend so ht disappear befor their veryeys and had no doubt but that anand gon down with it
	layer_6: ruby jame and danna already a waitding it on the lower headlend saw it tdisappeare before thei vary eyese and had no doubt but that an had gone downe with it
	layer_8: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_10: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it
	layer_12: ruby jame and diana already awaiting it on the lower headland saw it disappear before their very eyes and had no doubt but that anne had gone down with it

file: 700-122868-0020.flac
expected: the minutes passed by each seeming an hour to the unfortunate lily maid
	layer_2: the min ot's pas by ea siming licon hour to the infortn ant lilyman
	layer_4: the minutes pass by is siing likean hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_6: the minute's passed by es seemming like an hour to the infortunate lily man
	layer_8: the minutes passe by eat seemming like an hour to the unfortunate lilymain
	layer_10: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily mai
	layer_12: the minutes pass by es seeming like an hour to the unfortunate lily main

file: 700-122868-0021.flac
expected: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_2: wbyt in somemade com werhad the girl's gone
	layer_4: whitin sumbady come where had the girl's gon
	layer_6: whydin somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_8: why didn't somebody come were had the girls gone
	layer_10: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone
	layer_12: why didn't somebody come where had the girls gone

file: 700-122868-0022.flac
expected: her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_2: ho mag ination begaindosu jest all man eof girsompossibilitys t her
	layer_4: homagination begin to s ha gest all manof gruw som possibilitys to her
	layer_6: ho magination begin to suggest all mennerof gruwsampossibilities to her
	layer_8: her imagination began to suggest all mannter of grues amd possibilities to her
	layer_10: her imagination began to suggest all menner of gruesome possibilities to her
	layer_12: her imagination began to suggest all menner of gruesome possibilities to her

file: 700-122868-0023.flac
expected: anne shirley
	layer_2: anserly
	layer_4: an surly
	layer_6: anne shirly
	layer_8: anne shirley
	layer_10: anne shirley
	layer_12: anne shirley

file: 700-122868-0024.flac
expected: how on earth did you get there he exclaimed
	layer_2: how an ert to jut upther haink sclabd
	layer_4: how an eartho jud up there heank sclamed
	layer_6: how on earth o juwt up there he enxclaimed
	layer_8: how on earth ad jouw et up there he exclaimed
	layer_10: how on earth did you et up there he exclaimed
	layer_12: how on earth did you et up there he exclaimed

file: 700-122868-0025.flac
expected: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_2: itf a certainly extrenly difvicuot to be dignefind andeor the circonmcancis
	layer_4: it was certainly extrenmly difficult to be dignifind undor the circumsances
	layer_6: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_8: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignifined under the circumstances
	layer_10: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances
	layer_12: it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances

file: 700-122868-0026.flac
expected: what has happened anne
	layer_2: whan is happenddan
	layer_4: what his happ ene tan
	layer_6: what is happened an
	layer_8: what has happened dan
	layer_10: what has happened dane
	layer_12: what has happened dan

file: 700-122868-0027.flac
expected: asked gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_2: a's goler taking uposors
	layer_4: at's goer taking up osors
	layer_6: ats gelbert taking up his ors
	layer_8: aksd gilbert taking up his oars
	layer_10: asked gilbrt taking up his oars
	layer_12: asked gilbert taking up his oars

file: 700-122868-0028.flac
expected: we were playing elaine explained anne frigidly without even looking at her rescuer and i had to drift down to camelot in the barge i mean the flat
	layer_2: we r paying in lame explained and foritothy without evmen lioing at her brescouo and i had to drift downd to came lot an the barge anyng the fit
	layer_4: we were playing in lan explained and frgely without evmen loking at her bruscuro and i had to drift down to camlot in the bardge aning the foght
	layer_6: we were playing i lane explained ane frgelye without even looking at her bruscura and i head to drift down to camlot in the barge aming the fot
	layer_8: we were playing inlane explained anne ridily without even looking at her ruscua and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge imen the fot
	layer_10: we were playing in lane explained anne fridgily without even looking at her ruscua and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot
	layer_12: we were playing in lane explained anne fridgilly without even looking at her ruscua and i had to drift down to camlot in the barge i mean the fot

file: 700-122868-0029.flac
expected: for a moment anne hesitated
	layer_2: for  moman an hesitathim
	layer_4: for  moman an hesitat him
	layer_6: for a moment ane hesitat him
	layer_8: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_10: for a moment anne hesitate him
	layer_12: for a moment anne hesitate him

file: 700-122868-0030.flac
expected: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_2: her hat gave a quick cuea little be
	layer_4: her hat gave a quick queer little be
	layer_6: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_8: her heart gave a quick queer little beat
	layer_10: her heart gave a quick qeer little beat
	layer_12: her heart gave a quick queer little beat

file: 700-122868-0031.flac
expected: her resentment which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_2: her es ent men whicdhs to other n alderpeoble might bes laf abs its cuse was a now wit alayd and soften by times semily
	layer_4: her resentmen which to other in older people might bes laughabl as its cause was a no wit alayd and sotened by time seemingly
	layer_6: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaugable as its cause was a no wit alaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_8: her resentment which to other an older people might be slaugable as its cause was i no wit allaid and softened by time seemingly
	layer_10: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was i no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly
	layer_12: her resentment which to other an older people might be as laughable as its cause was i no wit allayed and softened by time seemingly

file: 700-122868-0032.flac
expected: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_2: no she said caldlig i shall nevermy frend with thewu gober blifte and i don' an to be
	layer_4: no she said cledling i shall never me friends with you gobert blife and i don't wan to be
	layer_6: no she said caledlig i shall never be friends with you gilber blife and i don't want to be
	layer_8: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lyth and i don't want to be
	layer_10: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert blythe and i don't want to be
	layer_12: no she said coldly i shall never be friends with you gilbert lythe and i don't want to be

file: 700-122868-0033.flac
expected: all right
	layer_2: ari
	layer_4: alri
	layer_6: al right
	layer_8: all right
	layer_10: all right
	layer_12: all right

file: 700-122868-0034.flac
expected: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_2: 'l never ask gu to befrens agan and shrly an i don't carr ether
	layer_4: i'll never askk yu to be friends again an surly and i don't care either
	layer_6: i'll never ask you to be friends again anned shirly and i on't care either
	layer_8: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_10: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either
	layer_12: i'll never ask you to be friends again anne shirley and i don't care either

file: 700-122868-0035.flac
expected: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_2: of cquourse he had and seltedhredt trbly but stol
	layer_4: of courset he had in sultedherd terribly but still
	layer_6: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_8: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_10: of course he had insulted her terribly but still
	layer_12: of course he had insulted her terribly but still

file: 700-122868-0036.flac
expected: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape
	layer_2: iverething idyou gets me or my tereous friansinte sca
	layer_4: iverything i d you gets me or my teares friends into  scape
	layer_6: everything i dou gets me or my teares friends into escape
	layer_8: everything i do gets me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_10: everything i do gett me or my dearest friends into escape
	layer_12: everything i do get t me or my dearest friends into escape

file: 700-122868-0037.flac
expected: anne's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do
	layer_2: ands percentiment prewove mor gtess worothe then peresentimencs or ap to da
	layer_4: ands perecentiment pro of more crus worthy then prscent imen's are apto da
	layer_6: ann's pr sentiment prove more trustworthy than pr sentiments are ap todear
	layer_8: anne's prsentiment prove more trustworthy than pr sentiments are apt to der
	layer_10: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than pre sentiments are apt to dear
	layer_12: anne's presentiment prove more trustworthy than pr sentiments are apt to dear

file: 700-122868-0038.flac
expected: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_2: bl you ever haveny sen s an grom mor ala
	layer_4: bll you ever havany sens an gromorala
	layer_6: will you ever have any sense anne gromorilla
	layer_8: will you ever have any sense anne grownd marilla
	layer_10: will you ever have any sense anne groaned marilla
	layer_12: will you ever have any sense anne groned marilla

file: 700-122868-0039.flac
expected: i don't see how said marilla
	layer_2: i don' say how said mirla
	layer_4: i don't say how said mrla
	layer_6: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_8: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_10: i don't say how said marilla
	layer_12: i don't say how said marilla

file: 700-122868-0040.flac
expected: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helped to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_2: eversom e i came to gringables iveen maging mi staxs and eache stakge hesep to careme of some greate sort comming
	layer_4: ever somse i came to gren gables i'v een maging mistakes and eachofi stake haselpe to cure me of some great chort coming
	layer_6: ever somese i came to greengables i'vebeen making mistakes and each ofistake ha helpd o cure met of some great short coming
	layer_8: ever since i came to gren gables i'vebeen making mistakes and each mistake has helped a cure me of some great short coming
	layer_10: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helpd to cure me of some great shortcoming
	layer_12: ever since i came to green gables i've been making mistakes and each mistake has helpd to cure me of some great short coming

file: 700-122867-0000.flac
expected: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_2: beniatyn invexation tof spat
	layer_4: venityg invexation thof spat
	layer_6: vanity invexation of spart
	layer_8: vanity and vexation of spairt
	layer_10: vanity and vexation of spirit
	layer_12: vanity and vexation of spirit

file: 700-122867-0001.flac
expected: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_2: the sping was abroh in the land and meralass sober minal lage step was liter ands wifter becaus of it steep primol gladness
	layer_4: the spring was a brougt in the land and merlous sober middllage step was lighter and swifter because of itsteep primol gladness
	layer_6: the spring was abroad in the land and marilus sober middle age step was lighter and swifter because of its teep primale gladness
	layer_8: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle age step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_10: the spring was abroad in the land and marillas sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness
	layer_12: the spring was abroad in the land and marilla's sober middle aged step was lighter and swifter because of its deep primal gladness

file: 700-122867-0002.flac
expected: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_2: i messt say withthoug her foughts i neverfoundher disippediant or un rust wored tly before and am reall sared o findher so now
	layer_4: i musst say withall her foughts i never found her disapediant or untrust word thy before and im real sori to findher so now
	layer_6: i must say with all her foughts i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_8: i must say with all her faughts i never found her disopedient or untrustworthy before and i'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_10: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and i 'm real sorry to find her so now
	layer_12: i must say with all her faults i never found her disobedient or untrustworthy before and iam real sorry to find her so now

file: 700-122867-0003.flac
expected: perhaps you're judging her too hasty marilla
	layer_2: perhapshere jed in herd too hastalying mirilla
	layer_4: perhapsur jugin her two hasteleam erila
	layer_6: perhapshure judgin her too hastilye marilla
	layer_8: perhaps syeu' judgin her too hastily marilla
	layer_10: perhaps you're judgin her too hastily marilla
	layer_12: perhaps you're judgin her too hastily marilla

file: 700-122867-0004.flac
expected: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing her up not you
	layer_2: the qursei kne you take her part mahio but i'mbring your ap not you
	layer_4: of curse i knew you take her part mathi but i'm bring your up not you
	layer_6: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i m bring your up not you
	layer_8: of course i knew you take her part matthew but i am bring your up not you
	layer_10: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing your up not you
	layer_12: of course i knew you'd take her part matthew but i'm bringing your up not you

file: 700-122867-0005.flac
expected: demanded marilla anxiously going over to the bed
	layer_2: do menddn merale enxso sley going ever to the ba
	layer_4: demendin eralar anxosly going overto the bad
	layer_6: demendond arilla anxisle going over to the bad
	layer_8: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_10: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad
	layer_12: demended marilla anxiously going over to the bad

file: 700-122867-0006.flac
expected: anne cowered deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself forever from mortal eyes no
	layer_2: and cowrd deeper into her pillas as if desireus of heiding herself rever from mortl yes no
	layer_4: and cower deepher into her pillas as if desireous of highding herself rever from mortale eyes no
	layer_6: anne cowar deeper into her pillas as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_8: anne coward deeper into her pillaws as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_10: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no
	layer_12: anne coward deeper into her pillows as if desirous of hiding herself rever from mortal eyes no

file: 700-122867-0007.flac
expected: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_2: get rit a fisminted intelme
	layer_4: get rite a thismittet intell me
	layer_6: get right up thismited in tell me
	layer_8: get right up this mitud and tell me
	layer_10: get right up this minute and tell me
	layer_12: get right up this minute and tell me

file: 700-122867-0008.flac
expected: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_2: this min it i say than no what is it
	layer_4: this minut i say theae no what as it
	layer_6: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_8: this minute i say there now what is it
	layer_10: this minute i say thre now what is it
	layer_12: this minute i say there now what is it

file: 700-122867-0009.flac
expected: anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_2: and hade slid to the for inde sparing a bediene
	layer_4: and had slod to the for in dhesparing abediance
	layer_6: and had slid to the floor in despairing abediencs
	layer_8: ane hade slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_10: anne have slid to the floor in despairing obedience
	layer_12: anne have slid to the floor in despairing obedience

file: 700-122867-0010.flac
expected: yes it's green moaned anne
	layer_2: yes it's grenm modan
	layer_4: yes its green mondan
	layer_6: yes it's green moandane
	layer_8: yes it's green modan
	layer_10: yes it's green modan
	layer_12: yes it's green mondan

file: 700-122867-0011.flac
expected: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_2: i thoutnogthing con bes bad hrs read hair
	layer_4: i fhoughtinothing con be as bad as reda hair
	layer_6: i thouht enothing can be as bod is red hair
	layer_8: i thought nothing cun be as bad as red hair
	layer_10: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair
	layer_12: i thought nothing could be as bad as red hair

file: 700-122867-0012.flac
expected: you haven't got into any scrape for over two months and i was sure another one was due
	layer_2: yooven git n int ony screat forveor to ment and i was surnother one wasdtai
	layer_4: yoven goten intony scrape for ever too mont and i was sur a nother one was dar
	layer_6: youhavenm gotten into ny scrap for ever two mont and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_8: youhaven't gotten into any scrape for ever two mons and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_10: you haven't gotten into any scrape for ever two mont and i was sure another one was dear
	layer_12: you haven't gotten into any scrape for ever two mints and i was sure another one was dear

file: 700-122867-0013.flac
expected: now then what did you do to your hair
	layer_2: nothen what e youd nsher hair
	layer_4: nowthen what tas you dus yoar har
	layer_6: now then what does you do s your hair
	layer_8: now then what does you do to your hair
	layer_10: now then what does you do to your hair
	layer_12: now then what es you do to your hair

file: 700-122867-0014.flac
expected: anne shirley didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do
	layer_2: an shurly tining you know it was wick ad fhing to do
	layer_4: and surly didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_6: and sirely didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_8: and shirley didn't you know it was wicked thing to do
	layer_10: aned shirly didn't you know it was  wicked thing to do
	layer_12: aned shirly didn't you know it was a wicked thing to do

file: 700-122867-0015.flac
expected: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_2: yes i know was a little wick ain and min e an
	layer_4: yes i knewt was a little wickin a mided an
	layer_6: yes i knew it was a little wicked amitted anne
	layer_8: yes i knew it was a little wicked amitted ann
	layer_10: yes i knew it was a little wicked admitted anne
	layer_12: yes i knew it was a little wicked amitted anne

file: 700-122867-0016.flac
expected: i know what it feels like to have your word doubted
	layer_2: i kno nt i fielsike to have your wor id dat in
	layer_4: i know ont it fels like to have youre wored dotin
	layer_6: i know at it feels like to heave your word doutid
	layer_8: i know hat it feels like to have your words atid
	layer_10: i kno what it feels like to have your words at it
	layer_12: i know what it feels like to have your words at it

file: 700-122867-0017.flac
expected: and missus allan says we should never suspect anyone of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_2: a missus alan says we should neversuspec any on of not telingas the truth and lest we have proufat ther not
	layer_4: in missus allan says we should never su spect any one of not telling as the truth und less be have pruf that their not
	layer_6: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that theire not
	layer_8: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that the're not
	layer_10: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not
	layer_12: and missus allan says we should never suspect any one of not telling us the truth unless we have proof that they're not

file: 700-122867-0018.flac
expected: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_2: buty haen then and ibeleed every word he said imblicindly
	layer_4: butyi hadnend then and i believed every word he said implicatly
	layer_6: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitely
	layer_8: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_10: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly
	layer_12: but i hadn't then and i believed every word he said implicitly

file: 700-122867-0019.flac
expected: who said who are you talking about
	layer_2: ho sain hor you turdin about
	layer_4: who san heor you talking about
	layer_6: who said hr you talking about
	layer_8: whosad wheae you talking about
	layer_10: who sad heareyou talking about
	layer_12: who san whe are you talking about

file: 700-122867-0020.flac
expected: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_2: oh ididntl letem in the house
	layer_4: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_6: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_8: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_10: oh i didn't let him in the house
	layer_12: oh i didn't let him in the house

file: 700-122867-0021.flac
expected: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful raven black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_2: ind a trise a son iself ith beautifor raveend black air an the timtation mas eir isistabln
	layer_4: in a tris i sawn iself with beautifore rave an black hair an the timptation mis eirrisistibl
	layer_6: in a tris i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation mas irresistible
	layer_8: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rave and black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_10: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rav in black hair and the temptation was irresistible
	layer_12: in a trice i saw myself with beautiful rav in black hair and the temptation was irresistible

file: 700-122867-0022.flac
expected: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_2: oor relat want i tangoled wa we weve en friess we practos to to se
	layer_4: oer rela what had tangled wa we weve wen frest we practis to to sei
	layer_6: oh mrilla what had tangled wheb we weave when frist we practice to deseve
	layer_8: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when fist we practice too deceive
	layer_10: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive
	layer_12: oh marilla what a tangled web we weave when first we practiced to deceive

file: 700-122867-0023.flac
expected: your hair must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_2: ouer mous be cut off there is now r ther wat he cank o iut withat lion like that
	layer_4: you her must be cult off there is now of ther wayt you kank go out with at lokting likt thaht
	layer_6: you hear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with at looking lik that
	layer_8: youhear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with i looking like that
	layer_10: you hear must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that
	layer_12: you har must be cut off there is no other way you can't go out with it looking like that

file: 700-122867-0024.flac
expected: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_2: with a dismo sie shement for the sesist
	layer_4: with a dismal sighs she went for the cisos
	layer_6: with a dismal sigh she went for the cisost
	layer_8: with a dismal sigh she went for the cissors
	layer_10: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors
	layer_12: with a dismal sigh she went for the scissors

file: 700-122867-0025.flac
expected: but there is nothing comforting in having your hair cut off because you've dyed it a dreadful color is there
	layer_2: but there wis nothin comeforting and having yeur heir chut off becus yove dited a drudful color is the
	layer_4: but there was nothing comeforting and having your hair could off becuse yo'v dited a drudful color is ther
	layer_6: but there is nothing comforting and having your haircut off because you've dieded a dreadful color is there
	layer_8: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off becauseyou've died ed a dreadful colour is there
	layer_10: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've diet it a dreadful color is there
	layer_12: but there is nothing comforting and having your hair cut off because you've died it a dreadful color is there

file: 700-122867-0026.flac
expected: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_2: a'nd went to wreep alld th time yue cutting it ough if it won in ti fer
	layer_4: i'm wen to weep all the time yor cutting it off if it ant inder fear
	layer_6: i'm gen to weep all the time youre cutting it off if it one inter fear
	layer_8: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_10: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere
	layer_12: i'm going to weep all the time you're cutting it off if it won't interfere

file: 700-122867-0027.flac
expected: it seems such a tragic thing
	layer_2: i seeme suto tadic thing
	layer_4: it seeme sa to tradic thing
	layer_6: it seemed suh a tradic thing
	layer_8: it seemed such a tradic thing
	layer_10: it seemed such a tragic thing
	layer_12: it seemed such a tragic thing

file: 700-122867-0028.flac
expected: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with despair
	layer_2: and we then but latter one when she wen upstars an looket in the glass she was come mint tospon
	layer_4: and wep then but lather on when she went up stairs an looked in the glass she was call at to span
	layer_6: anne wept then but lat her on when she went up stairs and looked in the glass she was calme with to span
	layer_8: anne wept then but lad her on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with to sparn
	layer_10: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with do spar
	layer_12: anne wept then but later on when she went upstairs and looked in the glass she was calm with do sparn

file: 700-122867-0029.flac
expected: yes i will too
	layer_2: yes i wil tou
	layer_4: yes i will too
	layer_6: yes i will to
	layer_8: yes i will too
	layer_10: yes i will too
	layer_12: yes i will too

file: 700-122867-0030.flac
expected: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_2: an d never thuht ee as a vain abut my hair of althinggs but nowi now ya was and spit if it s being ran becaus of a si long and fickon curly
	layer_4: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of allthings but now i know i was and spite of its being red because if a so long and thick and curly
	layer_6: i never thought i was a vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because if was so long and thick and curly
	layer_8: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_10: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly
	layer_12: i never thought i was vain about my hair of all things but now i know i was in spite of its being red because it was so long and thick and curly

file: 700-122867-0031.flac
expected: i expect something will happen to my nose next
	layer_2: e xpecxcoething hawe whel harppento y no as nect
	layer_4: expect s ome thing how wele happ ind to my no is next
	layer_6: i expect something ho willhappene to my nowis next
	layer_8: i expect something har will happen to my nose next
	layer_10: i expect something hap will happen to my nose next
	layer_12: i expect something hab will happen to my nose next

file: 700-122867-0032.flac
expected: anne's clipped head made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josie pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_2: ans clt ted madis insationan scon the following menday but a her relief nobit y ges th reail resanforit notd even justy piht who however did not faild to in form an that she lookdlike a perfec scarcr
	layer_4: and's clep tead made isinsation and schooln the following menday but to her relief nobed y guess the real res on for in not even justy pi who however did not failed to in form an that she lookd like a perfect scarcro
	layer_6: ane's clippd ead made a sinsation and school n the following menday but to her relief nobody guess the real reason for in not even justy pi who however did not fail to inform anne that she lookedlike a perfect scarcrow
	layer_8: annes clipped ead made a sensation in school on the following menday but to her relief nobody guesse the real reason for it not even josty pie who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_10: anne's clipped ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow
	layer_12: anne's clipped ted made a sensation in school on the following monday but to her relief nobody guessed the real reason for it not even josty pye who however did not fail to inform anne that she looked like a perfect scarecrow

file: 700-122867-0033.flac
expected: it's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't
	layer_2: it' hard to be toldoyu thoo klik a scarf kepscarcro and i one ento saysetenthing back but id ed it
	layer_4: it's hard to be told you look like a scaref kip scarecrow and i wonte an to sae han thing back but i did it
	layer_6: it's hard to be told you looke like a scareif kip scarecrow and i wantendto says themthing back but i did i't
	layer_8: it's hard to be told you look like a scarekipe scarecrow and i wanted to say some thing back but i didi't
	layer_10: it's hard to be told you look like a scare kipp scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i did't
	layer_12: it's hard to be told you look like a scare kip scarecrow and i wanted to say something back but i didn't

file: 700-122867-0034.flac
expected: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_2: ad makx she fyel very vrsuus wond yi forgive peopl tusine
	layer_4: in make syo feel very virtsuous when you forgive people doesn'n it
	layer_6: in makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_8: i makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_10: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it
	layer_12: it makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people doesn't it

file: 700-122867-0035.flac
expected: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_2: i mintodevolu al my inergies to bing god after this and i shalle never tried to be peautiful gain
	layer_4: i meanto divolt all my innrjes to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_6: i mean to devote all my interguece to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_8: i mean to devote all my ennergies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_10: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again
	layer_12: i mean to devote all my energies to being good after this and i shall never try to be beautiful again

file: 700-122867-0036.flac
expected: of course it's better to be good
	layer_2: tof courset its petterdtobe gat
	layer_4: of course it's bettere to be goot
	layer_6: of course it's better to be good
	layer_8: of course it's better to be good
	layer_10: of course it's better to be good
	layer_12: of course it's better to be good

file: 700-122867-0037.flac
expected: i do really want to be good marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_2: i doon realy wan to be godn morlla they u and missus olwlhm a mistayty and group to be a cruedid to you
	layer_4: i doo really want to be gooden mrila theke you and missus alhim a missdaty and gr oup to be a cred it to you
	layer_6: i do really want to be good an mreilla thake you and missus allan and mis sdasty and ger up to be acredit to you
	layer_8: i do really want to be good and marilla lhike you and missus allan andmiss stacty and grow up to be accredit to you
	layer_10: i do really want to be good nd marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you
	layer_12: i do really want to be good d marilla like you and missus allan and miss stacy and grow up to be a credit to you

file: 700-122867-0038.flac
expected: diana says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_2: di ane asays when my here be canstogrow to tiha black ovelvthat riben aroun my had wot the bot one sit
	layer_4: dine asays when my hearbe cins tegrow to tia black avelthat ribn around my head with he boat one site
	layer_6: dyona says when my hairbegins to grow to ti a black velvhet ribbin around my head with a bow at one sigdt
	layer_8: diona says when my haire begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_10: dinah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side
	layer_12: dionah says when my hair begins to grow to tie a black velvet ribbon around my head with a bow at one side

file: 700-122867-0039.flac
expected: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic
	layer_2: i vwllcolit a snewd tat soun so weremantic
	layer_4: i wll colit u snewd that soun so re mantic
	layer_6: i will call itd a snoewed that sound so remantic
	layer_8: i will call it a snoewd that sounds so romantic
	layer_10: i will call it a snoed that sounds so romantic
	layer_12: i will call it a snood that sounds so romantic

file: 700-122867-0040.flac
expected: my head is better now
	layer_2: my head his better now
	layer_4: my head is better now
	layer_6: my head his better now
	layer_8: my head is better now
	layer_10: my head is better now
	layer_12: my head is better now

file: 700-122867-0041.flac
expected: it was terrible bad this afternoon though
	layer_2: i is tarblebothesafternun the
	layer_4: it as terrible bo the saftrnoon tho
	layer_6: it was terrible by the s afternoon thoug
	layer_8: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_10: it was terrible by this afternoon though
	layer_12: it was terrible by this afternoon though

file: 700-122866-0000.flac
expected: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_2: jou yoer avenly faunded hear oi sedtle downd to hum jromengxsistincs again
	layer_4: jun your avenly founded har di settle down to hum jruming istance again
	layer_6: juneior avenle foundid hard to settle down to hummdrummexsistence again
	layer_8: junior avonle found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_10: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again
	layer_12: junior avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again

file: 700-122866-0001.flac
expected: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concerts spoil people for everyday life
	layer_2: perhaps after whil olgay us to itd but im afrad contrd spoil people for everdaid life
	layer_4: perhaps after wile ilgat yus to it but i'm afraid contred spoil people for everda life
	layer_6: perhaps after a while i'l get used to it but i'm afraid concered spoil people for everyday life
	layer_8: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concertd spoil people for everyday life
	layer_10: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life
	layer_12: perhaps after a while i'll get used to it but i'm afraid concert spoil people for everyday life

file: 700-122866-0002.flac
expected: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_2: asappose at his wime rerilla disappruse of them
	layer_4: is suppose hat his wime rerilla disupprocse of them
	layer_6: i suppose tat his wime arilla disappruse of them
	layer_8: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_10: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them
	layer_12: i suppose that is why marilla disapproves of them

file: 700-122866-0003.flac
expected: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_2: i feld iust nowthat i ma giro up to be sencible yet
	layer_4: i fel gus now that i may girow up to be sinsible yet
	layer_6: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_8: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_10: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet
	layer_12: i feel just now that i may grow up to be sensible yet

file: 700-122866-0004.flac
expected: i just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again
	layer_2: i is lay awak en a mag in the contert over an overaga
	layer_4: i tos lay awake an a magine the constert over an over again
	layer_6: i tislay awake in imagine the consert over and over again
	layer_8: i justlay awake and imagine the concert over and over again
	layer_10: i just lay awake and imagine the consert over and over again
	layer_12: i just lay awake and imagine the concert over and over again

file: 700-122866-0005.flac
expected: eventually however avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_2: iventially hiverom avenly s cosluped backon to ats al grov and toocupits ald interests
	layer_4: eventually hivern avenly scour slipped back in to its all groov and took up its old interests
	layer_6: eventually hyev or avenley scoole slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_8: eventually howeve avonley scool slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_10: eventually however avonleys scooe slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests
	layer_12: eventually however avonley's scool slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests

file: 700-122866-0006.flac
expected: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the sloanes had too much to do in the program and the sloanes had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_2: nand o the slones wit have anen deilings with the bows becas the baws had te clare that the slons had to much to do in the progran ind the slons had pretart ed that the bels whe i capable of doing the littald they had to de proprly
	layer_4: nono ther slones woud have any dealings with the bows because the balles ha eclared that the slones had two much to do in the progran in the slones had pretorted that the bels whe i capable of doing the littled hey had to du propely
	layer_6: noneo ther slones would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the progran in the slones had retorted that the bells where not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_8: none o the slones would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the programe and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_10: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the programme and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly
	layer_12: none of the sloanes would have any dealings with the bells because the bells had declared that the slones had too much to do in the programme and the slones had retorted that the bells were not capable of doing the little they had to do properly

file: 700-122866-0007.flac
expected: the winter weeks slipped by
	layer_2: the wenter weekslit byme
	layer_4: the wint her week slip byme
	layer_6: the winter week slip by
	layer_8: the winter week slipp by
	layer_10: the winter week slip by
	layer_12: the winter week slip by

file: 700-122866-0008.flac
expected: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all their chatter for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_2: onand's breth day theyewere tripping lightly downit keping eyes an ers a lart ad mit all the chatoemn fer mistacy had told them ththey mas soon radt accomposition on a winterswalck in the woods and at beoved them to be absernment
	layer_4: onannd's birath day they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears a lert a mid all the chadom for mistaty had told them ha they mus soon rat accomposition on a winters walk in the woods and it be hoved them to be obserment
	layer_6: on anne's birth day they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chadem for mis stasy had told them thathey must soon rad a composition on a winters walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observent
	layer_8: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon rite a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observent
	layer_10: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant
	layer_12: on anne's birthday they were tripping lightly down it keeping eyes and ears alert amid all the chattam for miss stacy had told them that they must soon write a composition on a winter's walk in the woods and it behooved them to be observant

file: 700-122866-0009.flac
expected: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens
	layer_2: i canscarcsey reaelie at am in mygh teands
	layer_4: i canscarcely realise hat i in my tens
	layer_6: i can scarcely realie that i min my tens
	layer_8: i can scarcely realize tht i min my tens
	layer_10: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my tens
	layer_12: i can scarcely realize that i'm in my teens

file: 700-122866-0010.flac
expected: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_2: it he creat comefrto thing tut ol be able ses beig words then withoutpeing laugtih
	layer_4: it's he creat comefort to think thut ill be able tes big words then without being laughedoa
	layer_6: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to us big words then without being laughed at
	layer_8: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_10: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at
	layer_12: it's a great comfort to think that i'll be able to use big words then without being laughed at

file: 700-122866-0011.flac
expected: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but beaus said anne disdainfully
	layer_2: her be gillus tinks o nothing but ba said andestame fliyng
	layer_4: rebe gilus thinks af nothing but bo said andestamefullying
	layer_6: ruby gillais thinks of nothing but bo said andestainfully
	layer_8: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bo said anne disdainfully
	layer_10: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bes said anne disdainfully
	layer_12: ruby gillis thinks of nothing but bes said anne disdainfully

file: 700-122866-0012.flac
expected: she's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_2: shes actuaile de lighded when ini wen rights hername upbin a take nodus for all she pretense to be sai man
	layer_4: she's actually delighted whrnen ini ene wrights her nim up in a take notic for all she protens to be sa man
	layer_6: she'is actually delighted whene any one rights her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so man
	layer_8: she'is actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_10: she 's actually delighted when anyone writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad
	layer_12: she 's actually delighted when any one writes her name up in a take notice for all she pretends to be so mad

file: 700-122866-0013.flac
expected: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she's perfect
	layer_2: am tingd to be as muchlike missusalan as i possibly can for ithingc sheis perfict
	layer_4: i'm ching to be as much like missus allen as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_6: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_8: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_10: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect
	layer_12: i'm trying to be as much like missus allan as i possibly can for i think she is perfect

file: 700-122866-0014.flac
expected: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_2: ifi had alsbells criokts nos said and the suddedly i would int but thear
	layer_4: if i had allis bells criokeds knos said and de sudedly i woulddnen't but there
	layer_6: if i had allice bells crookd nos said anedeciddedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_8: if i had alice bell's crookeds nose said ane decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_10: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there
	layer_12: if i had alice bell's crooked nose said anne decidedly i wouldn't but there

file: 700-122866-0015.flac
expected: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_2: and refrietathink to me to beut min kneows ave r sence i herd that complamint about at loang a go
	layer_4: i'd wefridi think too mu toabout my knows ave re sence i heard that camplimin about at long a go
	layer_6: i'm efrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_8: i'm afrid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_10: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago
	layer_12: i'm afraid i think too much about my nose ever since i heard that compliment about it long ago

file: 700-122866-0016.flac
expected: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_2: o dai an a thok thasar brabbit
	layer_4: oh daana look theres ar rabbi
	layer_6: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_8: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_10: oh diana look there's a rabbit
	layer_12: oh diana look there's a rabbit

file: 700-122866-0017.flac
expected: they're so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_2: ther so wyt an stil as of they wereousleepe en drening pritty treams
	layer_4: there so white in still as of ther were a sleep and dreaming pritty dreams
	layer_6: there so white and still as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_8: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_10: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams
	layer_12: they're so white and still as if they were asleep in dreaming pretty dreams

file: 700-122866-0018.flac
expected: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_2: i wouded las monda eveming
	layer_4: i wot at las munday evening
	layer_6: i rotad last monday evening
	layer_8: i wote it last monday evening
	layer_10: i wrote it last monday evening
	layer_12: i wrote it last monday evening

file: 700-122866-0019.flac
expected: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_2: its calt the jellaus rivble ore in deatf not toviten
	layer_4: it's callet the jealous rivale or in deatf not deviden
	layer_6: its callt the jealous rival or in death not dividen
	layer_8: its called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_10: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided
	layer_12: it's called the jealous rival or in death not divided

file: 700-122866-0020.flac
expected: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_2: i rede tim a rillar and she shaid it wa stuff en nonsens
	layer_4: i readed tomarilla and she said it was stuff in nonsence
	layer_6: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff in nonsense
	layer_8: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff ind nonsense
	layer_10: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense
	layer_12: i read it to marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense

file: 700-122866-0021.flac
expected: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_2: it e sad sweet stoy
	layer_4: its a sad sweet story
	layer_6: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_8: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_10: it's a sad sweet story
	layer_12: it's a sad sweet story

file: 700-122866-0022.flac
expected: cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_2: cordeliar was a regle ber nat wit he cornet of mid night har and duskly fasing s
	layer_4: cordealia was a regle bur net with a corn et of middnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_6: kordelia was a regal brnet with a cornete of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_8: cordelia was a regal burnete with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_10: cordelia was a regal bunette with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes
	layer_12: cordelia was a regal bournete with a cornet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes

file: 700-122866-0023.flac
expected: you know so much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_2: yh nosto much more than y dead when youwer only touf
	layer_4: you knowsto much more than you diad when you here only twelth
	layer_6: you know sto much more than you did when you are only twelve
	layer_8: you know show much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_10: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve
	layer_12: you know sow much more than you did when you were only twelve

file: 700-122866-0024.flac
expected: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_2: they gre anbeaty sihed by sid an till they eorstixtemn
	layer_4: they grevm and beautis side by side undtil they were sixteen
	layer_6: they grew and beauty side by side until they were six teen
	layer_8: they grew ind beauty sided by side until they were sixteen
	layer_10: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen
	layer_12: they grew in beauty side by side until they were sixteen

file: 700-122866-0025.flac
expected: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_2: i ast rebe gilese aof shenuanything abat hon menperpose bec is it thauht she likely ben ta tordty on the subjict hav ing so in y sisters marit
	layer_4: i asked re by gilous if shinuanything about howm menberopose becase i thought she likely bing authorty on the subject having so many sister's marriet
	layer_6: i asked reby gillas if she knew anything about how men propose because i thought she likely beng tauthority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_8: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be in authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_10: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married
	layer_12: i asked ruby gillis if she knew anything about how men proposed because i thought she'd likely be an authority on the subject having so many sisters married

file: 700-122866-0026.flac
expected: but she pretended to be geraldine's friend the same as ever
	layer_2: but she prtended to be jalidians frand the same his ever
	layer_4: but she prtended to be jarldience friand the same his ever
	layer_6: but she pretended to be jaildian'e friend the same as ever
	layer_8: but she pretended to be jaildyan's friend the same as ever
	layer_10: but she pretended to be jaildian's friend the same as ever
	layer_12: but she pretended to be jaildian's friend the same as ever

file: 700-122866-0027.flac
expected: let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_2: let's yui me have a stoy clob olloron and right storious fre practis
	layer_4: let's yound me have a story club ollearon and right storious fr practice
	layer_6: let's you and me have a story club oll orone and righte stories for practice
	layer_8: let's you and me have a story club all herown and write stories for practice
	layer_10: let's you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice
	layer_12: let's you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice

file: 700-122866-0028.flac
expected: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_2: yout to cult vit your magination you kno mistecey sayse
	layer_4: youagt to cught vetk your mangination you know mistacse sayd sel
	layer_6: you ought to caultvite your imagination you know mis dacy says so
	layer_8: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss dasy says so
	layer_10: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so
	layer_12: you ought to cultivate your imagination you know miss stacy says so

file: 700-122866-0029.flac
expected: only we must take the right way
	layer_2: only we mustick the rigt wae
	layer_4: onlin we must take the wright whe
	layer_6: only we must take the right way
	layer_8: only we must take the right way
	layer_10: only we must take the right way
	layer_12: only we must take the right way

file: 700-122866-0030.flac
expected: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_2: this was how the story clad cameintenxcistancs
	layer_4: this was how the story club came into exsistance
	layer_6: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_8: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_10: this was how the story club came into existence
	layer_12: this was how the story club came into existence

file: 700-122866-0031.flac
expected: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis opined that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_2: now boyces wer a lowt in nt othe rbe guilose apind that ther admission would make et morksiding and eache mimber hed tofprties one story o mek
	layer_4: no boys wer a loud in it aetheu roube guilous o pind that their admission would make it more k siding an each member head toprtdece one story omeak
	layer_6: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus a pine that their admission would make it morek siting an each member had to produce one story a beak
	layer_8: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillus of pine that their admission would make it more exciting an each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_10: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis o pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week
	layer_12: no boys were allowed in it although ruby gillis o pine that their admission would make it more exciting and each member had to produce one story a week

file: 700-122866-0032.flac
expected: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_2: ec cirl asd to read her strory out loud and then me t aok et over
	layer_4: each girl es tho reader story outloud and than me talk at over
	layer_6: each girl as to read her story outloud and then me talk it over
	layer_8: each girl has to read her story outloud and then we talk it over
	layer_10: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over
	layer_12: each girl has to read her story out loud and then we talk it over

file: 700-122866-0033.flac
expected: mine is rosamond montmorency all the girls do pretty well
	layer_2: my nas rosamond mondt more ser oal the grolse prtty bout
	layer_4: minis rosamond mont more cere allthe girlsy prety bout
	layer_6: mineis rosamond montmorcer all the girl se pretty bouwt
	layer_8: mine is rosamond mont morcori all the girl see pretty bou
	layer_10: mine is rosemond monte morcory all the girls see pretty wel
	layer_12: mine is rosemond monte morcyry all the girls see pretty wel

file: 700-122866-0034.flac
expected: i'm sure that must have a wholesome effect
	layer_2: anmd sur that must hovelr hols an thefh fatt
	layer_4: a'm sure that must havea holse onm thi f ftact
	layer_6: i'm sure that must have a holese om tefect
	layer_8: i'm sure that must have a wholesome e fect
	layer_10: i'm sure that must have a wholesome efect
	layer_12: i'm sure that must have a wholesome efect

file: 700-122866-0035.flac
expected: the moral is the great thing mister allan says so
	layer_2: the morlwas the gratthing mistraland saso
	layer_4: the morwas the great thing misterelan say so
	layer_6: the more was the great thing mister ellan sayds so
	layer_8: the more was the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_10: the morel is the great thing mister ellen says so
	layer_12: the morel wis the great thing mister ellen says so

file: 700-122866-0036.flac
expected: i read one of my stories to him and missus allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_2: irad one a my s toris to him ind missussaline and they bothe gry that the morl us exeent
	layer_4: i read one o my stoys to him ind missus alin and they both aegree that the moral wus excellent
	layer_6: i read one of my stories to him in missus allan and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_8: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agreed that the moral was excellent
	layer_10: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent
	layer_12: i read one of my stories to him and missus allen and they both agree that the moral was excellent

file: 700-122866-0037.flac
expected: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_2: gjene ind ro be almust always crim en i comto the pa fhedic parts
	layer_4: gan an roby almost always cry when i come to the pathedic parts
	layer_6: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_8: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the athetic parts
	layer_10: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts
	layer_12: jane and ruby almost always cry when i come to the pathetic parts

file: 700-122866-0038.flac
expected: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_2: miss jus if in bary brout back that she had never bret anything so a musing in her life
	layer_4: mis jus of heng bary brote back that she had never red anything so imusing in her life
	layer_6: missjesophin bery brope back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_8: miss josephine bary wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_10: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life
	layer_12: miss josephine barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life

file: 700-122866-0039.flac
expected: i'm sure missus allan was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_2: i'm surm missusoleme was neversacto silly for getful little girl as you ae
	layer_4: i'm sure missusalen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_6: i am sure missus allin was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_8: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_10: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are
	layer_12: i am sure missus allen was never such a silly forgetful little girl as you are

file: 700-122866-0040.flac
expected: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_2: i felt so n courge wen my herd tha
	layer_4: i felt so incurrge be le heard that
	layer_6: i felt so incourage wen y heard that
	layer_8: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_10: i felt so encouraged when i heard that
	layer_12: i felt so encouraged when i heard that

file: 700-122866-0041.flac
expected: missus lynde says she always feels shocked when she hears of anyone ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_2: missus lin s has she oays fil shocke dw en to hears of any one ever having been nody yu mutter hou sma ther wer
	layer_4: missus linds as she oys filld shocked twhen to hears of any one ever having been noty your mutter housemall ther were
	layer_6: missus lynds says she ays filld shocked wen to hears of any one ever having been naughty your matter housemall there were
	layer_8: missus lynde ays she always felled shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naghty your matter how small they were
	layer_10: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were
	layer_12: missus lynde says she always felt shocked when she hears of any one ever having been naughty no matter how small they were

file: 700-122866-0042.flac
expected: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_2: now i ween't hev fel that way
	layer_4: now i wouldn' have felt that way
	layer_6: now i wouldn't have felt thaut way
	layer_8: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_10: now i wouldn't have felt that way
	layer_12: now i wouldn't have felt that way

file: 6467-94831-0000.flac
expected: peleg snuggers the general utility man of the hall had just brought the boys up from cedarville to which place they had journeyed from ithaca on the regular afternoon boat running up cayuga lake
	layer_2: pelex nocers d gen le laotlytyg man of the hol had ju sproghd thboyse p frome set rf vil to itxslace to had joneed frome i tartker andta t i gleare aftirno in bo proning u co you olk
	layer_4: pelixs nocirs t gena learelydy man of the hol had just proahd the boys op from sedevwel to ic placed ty had jurneed from itarka on dhe acgleard after noo in bod prunning up ca you ballek
	layer_6: pelic nuckers the generlal lyoglydeman of the hole had just brouaghd the boys up from chetrevill to wichs place they had journeed from itaka on the reglar afternoon bod running up kaugalic
	layer_8: pelexnuckes the generallclydeman of the hal had just brought the boys up from cedeville to hich place they had journeyed from itarka on the regular afternoon boat running up kayubalic
	layer_10: pellok snackers the general loclityman of the hal had just brought the boys up from cideville to which place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boad running up kaubalic
	layer_12: pelok snackers the general loclityman of the hall had just brought the boys up from cideville to which place they had journeyed from itaka on the regular afternoon boad running up kaubalic

file: 6467-94831-0001.flac
expected: with the rovers had come fred garrison larry colby and several others of their old school chums
	layer_2: tle tid awars had gome fret gatison lady colbi and syverelothers ofted old scooce oms
	layer_4: lithed ovwas had come fret garisen lad y colbe and siverelothers of ted old schoolgehhoms
	layer_6: likedted ovas had come fred garisen lady colby and ceveral others ofter old scholghoms
	layer_8: lif te overs had come fred gadison laddi colby and several others of teir old schoolhums
	layer_10: lifted oves had come fredgarison laddi colby and several others of thee old schoolchums
	layer_12: lift ted oves had come fred garison laddie colby and several others of the old schoolchumps

file: 6467-94831-0002.flac
expected: oh how do you do mister strong
	layer_2: ah hawv ly  daim wiste stong
	layer_4: oll how de y dal om wis the stong
	layer_6: o how do yo dale  mister stong
	layer_8: oh how odoe you dal  miste stong
	layer_10: o how do ye dal mister stong
	layer_12: oh how ddo ye dal mister stong

file: 6467-94831-0003.flac
expected: and he ran to meet the head teacher
	layer_2: and hehad an o meed tho had teter
	layer_4: and hehadtan to mede tho had teter
	layer_6: and hehadan to med the head treat er
	layer_8: and he ad an to made the head treater
	layer_10: and he had an to made the head teater
	layer_12: and he had an to made the head teater

file: 6467-94831-0004.flac
expected: well thomas i hope you have left all your pranks behind observed george strong
	layer_2: te tomis i hope you have left alldyour fprans tehind absok jod stong
	layer_4: wel thomise i hope you have left all your fprangs thehind ubso jord stonk
	layer_6: well thomas i hope you have left all your frangs behind obsot gord stong
	layer_8: well thomas i hope you have left all your franks behind obsered geord stong
	layer_10: well thomas i hope you have left all your frands behind observed george stong
	layer_12: well thomas i hope you have left all your frands behind observed george stong

file: 6467-94831-0005.flac
expected: hullo aleck
	layer_2: holloalac
	layer_4: holow helack
	layer_6: hollowalac
	layer_8: holloalack
	layer_10: hollo walac
	layer_12: hollo walac

file: 6467-94831-0006.flac
expected: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_2: ae gan t oifteen houns and
	layer_4: ave gan ifteen founs and
	layer_6: a've gain fifteen pouns and
	layer_8: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_10: i've gained fifteen pounds and
	layer_12: i've gained fifteen pounds and

file: 6467-94831-0007.flac
expected: yo lemme go sah yo is stickin pins in my hand howled pop
	layer_2: you'l ted mbe go sa youl astikcon tincs and my hand hold pope
	layer_4: you'rl led my go sey you estickand plinse an my hand hold pop
	layer_6: you'rl led me go say you istick and plincs in my hand hold pop
	layer_8: you'll let me go say you're a stick and plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_10: you'll let me go say you're a stick and plince in my hand hold pop
	layer_12: you'll let me go say you're a stick and plince in my hand hold pop

file: 6467-94831-0008.flac
expected: he moaned as tom ran off throwing away several tiny tacks as he did so
	layer_2: he moned astol ran off toing of aysofe o pliny tacx as he ded se
	layer_4: he monmed as stom bran off toing of ace uv re tiny taxk as he did so
	layer_6: he mouned a stome bran off toing a as of  tliny tax as he did so
	layer_8: he moumed a stom ran off twing avace ofo ciny taxks as he did so
	layer_10: he mumed a storm ran off ting a vace ef tiny tacs as he did so
	layer_12: he mumed as storm ran off toaing a vayce ef tiny tax as he did so

file: 6467-94831-0009.flac
expected: so you've come back have you
	layer_2: si you fom ba havyou
	layer_4: so your tobak have you
	layer_6: so you've com back have you
	layer_8: so you've come back have you
	layer_10: so you've come back have you
	layer_12: so you've come back have you

file: 6467-94831-0010.flac
expected: observed missus green as tom stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_2: absured missuscrein astom stopet ad the kit ind
	layer_4: abserved missuscreen astom stopped i the kiting dor
	layer_6: observed missus green a torm stopped at the kitcing door
	layer_8: observed missus green as storm stopped at the kitching door
	layer_10: observed missus green as torm stopped at the kitchen door
	layer_12: observed missus green as torm stopped at the kitchen door

file: 6467-94831-0011.flac
expected: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_2: as tome and dheant his fa o
	layer_4: asked thom and tent his fa fe
	layer_6: asked hom and then his face fell
	layer_8: asked om and then his face fell
	layer_10: asked tom and then his face fell
	layer_12: asked tom and then his face fell

file: 6467-94831-0012.flac
expected: oh dear you always did put me down as the worst boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face up against his coat sleeve
	layer_2: o dare yo alnlist it pudt me down as thers woy in ti sco men i i do my thaty best and almost sobing tom wr disace uf agansicotslev
	layer_4: odear you alnl this tid put me down asteveirst oy in theschool men eye i do my ber hy best and almost subbing tom put tis face of again stecoutsleve
	layer_6: o dear you alwhays did put me down as the virst boy in the scoold wen i i do my bery best and almost sobbingd tom put his face of againste cotslee
	layer_8: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face of against the cot leeve
	layer_10: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat sleeve
	layer_12: oh dear you always did put me down as the first boy in the school when i i do my very best and almost sobbing tom put his face off against the coat leeve

file: 6467-94831-0013.flac
expected: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat free tongue and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_2: missuscreen was thaty tendtoa harte in spuitd offor some wa freeetun an she was al sempute inmedyitly
	layer_4: missuscren was ther he tend er hearted in sqite offer somewhat freet hun and she was all symparty inmediatly
	layer_6: missus grean was ver e tender hearted in spuit offher somewhat freet hung an she was all sympaty inmediately
	layer_8: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freet hung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_10: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freat tung and she was all sympathy immediately
	layer_12: missus green was very tender hearted in spite of her somewhat freet tung and she was all sympathy immediately

file: 6467-94831-0014.flac
expected: there there tom i didn't mean to hurt your feelings she said soothingly
	layer_2: dead thers ham i' van' men to hear your felings hi sait soing ly
	layer_4: daed ther s harm i don' men to hear your feelings he sad soingly
	layer_6: theare ther's horm i dn't mean to her your feelings he said sudingly
	layer_8: there there's hom i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_10: there there's home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly
	layer_12: there there's home i don't mean to hurt your feelings he said soothingly

file: 6467-94831-0015.flac
expected: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_2: i i da know sop tom
	layer_4: i i ado known sobtom
	layer_6: i i dot know sobptom
	layer_8: i i dn't know sobbed tom
	layer_10: i i don't know sobbed tom
	layer_12: i i don't know sobbed tom

file: 6467-94831-0016.flac
expected: come sit down and have the pie that's a good boy
	layer_2: come sad down and have upi glesa ged boy
	layer_4: come said down and have a pi tlat's a good boy
	layer_6: come said down and have a py that's a good boy
	layer_8: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_10: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy
	layer_12: come sit down and have a pie that's a good boy

file: 6467-94831-0017.flac
expected: it's really like home he murmured presently
	layer_2: a stoarly lie home he mobed prosently
	layer_4: a scaarly liked home he mobered presently
	layer_6: iscarely like home he murbured presently
	layer_8: i squarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_10: i squarely liked home he murmured presently
	layer_12: is squarely liked home he murmured presently

file: 6467-94831-0018.flac
expected: missus green when you die they ought to erect an awfully big monument over your grave
	layer_2: missusgreen bhe youw dy lhe oup to ad ac an offlybimondument a wieil you grade
	layer_4: missus green whe now dy le op to ata an ofly big mondument a will your grave
	layer_6: missus green when yow dye tey out to adec and owfuly bicmonument or will your graved
	layer_8: missus green when you die lay oup to edag an awfully big monument or will your grave
	layer_10: missus greene when you die lay ufp to eda an awfully big monument or will you grave
	layer_12: missus greene when you die lay ufp to eda an awfully big monument or will you grave

file: 6467-94831-0019.flac
expected: what was her trouble tom consumption
	layer_2: want fas hertruble tome thensunt
	layer_4: ant fo as har trouble tom twhansumshi
	layer_6: ane fors ha trouble tom enzumpsiin
	layer_8: whant fors her trouble tom consumption
	layer_10: what fos her trouble tom consumption
	layer_12: what fos her trouble tom consumption

file: 6467-94831-0020.flac
expected: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_2: and yet wit tit all sheculdhin hal wat  ligke the boy
	layer_4: and yet with it all she could in heal wut ligke the boy
	layer_6: and yet with it all she could n help wut like the boy
	layer_8: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_10: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy
	layer_12: and yet with it all she couldn't help but like the boy

file: 6467-94831-0021.flac
expected: an to think the term's just begun
	layer_2: an to theng thestome sus pegan
	layer_4: and to thingt the steme sers begin
	layer_6: end to thing the sterms eerse begin
	layer_8: and to think the sterms sus begin
	layer_10: and to think the sterms ust began
	layer_12: and to think the sterms yust begin

file: 6467-94831-0022.flac
expected: and he mopped his brow with his red bandanna handkerchief
	layer_2: and he o dhis bpo with histrg manden er hand cout if
	layer_4: and he mofedhisbpod with hispreid man daner handcatif
	layer_6: and he m oved dhisbo with his spread bandanna handkertif
	layer_8: and he morved his bo with his spread bandanna handkerchief
	layer_10: and he morved his bow with his tred bandanna handkerchief
	layer_12: and he moved his bow with his trede bandanna handkerchief

file: 6467-94831-0023.flac
expected: wot kind of a joke is that master rover
	layer_2: what kin of jlk o s tt  mustet a war
	layer_4: what crind of teok as tat masterdowe
	layer_6: what cind of toc is that master dowe
	layer_8: what kind of tok is that master dova
	layer_10: what kind of tiok is that master lova
	layer_12: what kind of tiok is that master rova

file: 6467-94831-0024.flac
expected: oh it's no joke you are handsome
	layer_2: ots notoe jo gr hand som
	layer_4: os not to je  handsom
	layer_6: ot's not ta jo go handsome
	layer_8: oit's not a jok you'r handsome
	layer_10: o it's not a joke you're handsome
	layer_12: oh it's not a joke you're handsome

file: 6467-94831-0025.flac
expected: have you got a camera to be sure here it is
	layer_2: hawveon got o camoirer to be sh hadots
	layer_4: have you got a camiro to be sho hed a tis
	layer_6: have you got a camero to be sur hedatis
	layer_8: have you got to camera to be sure here tis
	layer_10: have you got ta camda to be sure her tis
	layer_12: have you got ta camda to be sure her tis

file: 6467-94831-0026.flac
expected: sam drew a tiny box from his pocket
	layer_2: sam to aft inly bos from his pockeg
	layer_4: sam do atinany boxks from hispockage
	layer_6: sam do at tiny box from his spockage
	layer_8: sam do artiny box from his pockage
	layer_10: sam dew a tiny box from his pockage
	layer_12: sam dew a tiny box from his pockage

file: 6467-94831-0027.flac
expected: now stand still and i'll take a snap shot
	layer_2: ho stan sti an ot hake isnatholp
	layer_4: o stan sti and ot ake isnathot
	layer_6: no stand still and not take a snashort
	layer_8: no stands still and nil take a snapshot
	layer_10: no stands still and ill take a snapshot
	layer_12: no stands still and i take a snapshot

file: 6467-94831-0028.flac
expected: now stand straight and look happy
	layer_2: nonstan ofb stat and l happy
	layer_4: tho stan of stat and lhe happy
	layer_6: nonestand of strate and lookd happy
	layer_8: on stand up straight and look happy
	layer_10: dont stand up straight and look happy
	layer_12: don't stand up straight and look happy

file: 6467-94831-0029.flac
expected: cried sam as a crowd collected around
	layer_2: id sam is the co kolec edt ot ond
	layer_4: grid sam is a colcolected atond
	layer_6: cried sam as a colcollected arond
	layer_8: cried sam as a co collected around
	layer_10: cried sam as a co collected around
	layer_12: cried sam as a cor collected around

file: 6467-94831-0030.flac
expected: raise you right hand to your breast just as all statesmen do
	layer_2: ataysout i hand to e abrest testis all stae man do
	layer_4: theysyour i hand to yoabrest jus tis ald staesman duo
	layer_6: res your i hand to youae brest justas old statesman do
	layer_8: ris your right hand to your brest just as old statesmen do
	layer_10: raise your right hand to your breast just as old statesmen do
	layer_12: raise your right hand to your breast just as old statesmen do

file: 6467-94831-0031.flac
expected: now wait a minute and the picture will be finished
	layer_2: no bad e man at ad the isol befeines
	layer_4: no brada minit and the fits ofil befinis
	layer_6: no greata minute and the fitz ifwill be finise
	layer_8: no greater minute and the fitsir will be finise
	layer_10: no greater minute and the fits will be finnised
	layer_12: no greater minute and the fits will be finnised

file: 6467-94831-0032.flac
expected: no this is a new patented process
	layer_2: no thisus a knew patinted frossese
	layer_4: no thisis a knew patemted froces
	layer_6: no this is a new paytempted frosses
	layer_8: no this is a new pay tempted froses
	layer_10: no this is a new pay tempted frosses
	layer_12: no this is a new pay tempted frosses

file: 6467-94831-0033.flac
expected: sam drew a square of tin from the box
	layer_2: samto us gwrd of theten from the boves
	layer_4: sam to us grar of the ten from the boves
	layer_6: sam do usguaed of the tin from the bos
	layer_8: sam de usquare of the tin from the box
	layer_10: sam dew a squar of the tin from the box
	layer_12: sam dew a square of the tin from the box

file: 6467-94831-0034.flac
expected: i don't see any picture growled snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_2: i don'see in yfi ther gon snogers thooking etos gwerv blangtly
	layer_4: i don't see an y ficur gon snogers looking at to squer blanly
	layer_6: i don't see any fiture groan snuggers looking at tho square blanktly
	layer_8: i don't see any fiture groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_10: i don't see any fiture groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly
	layer_12: i don't see any ficture groaned snuggers looking at the square blankly

file: 6467-94831-0035.flac
expected: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_2: i se letefesieet
	layer_4: i sallit en fresiet
	layer_6: ista lttin fres y et
	layer_8: i's a littin freshyet
	layer_10: it's a little fresh yet
	layer_12: it's a little fresh yet

file: 6467-94831-0036.flac
expected: the boys gathered around set up a shout
	layer_2: ho bis gat at atound set up a shouf
	layer_4: we bys gatet aon sat up ashat
	layer_6: we boys gated aloned set up a shat
	layer_8: the boys gatered around set up a shuf
	layer_10: the boys gathered around set up a shof
	layer_12: the boys gathered around set up a shof

file: 6467-94831-0037.flac
expected: sam rover i'll git square see if i don't
	layer_2: some roer i git's crr seefi tont
	layer_4: sam rar i gits quar sef ied dun't
	layer_6: samro i'l getsquar seef i don't
	layer_8: sam roe i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_10: sam rove i'll get square see if i don't
	layer_12: sam rove i'll get square see if i don't

file: 6467-94831-0038.flac
expected: demanded sam innocently isn't it a good picture
	layer_2: he mund tain isently isilad uf cood pikcho
	layer_4: lhe mune taminecently i silad af cood pictur
	layer_6: remanded same inicently msnlad ove good piksure
	layer_8: remanded saminnocently isu late of good picture
	layer_10: demanded sam innocently isn't lete of good picture
	layer_12: demanded sam innocently isn't ette of good picture

file: 6467-94831-0039.flac
expected: show me off for a donkey
	layer_2: somhe afs fale donky
	layer_4: some afed forla dankue
	layer_6: so me afed furly don qui
	layer_8: su e asked fili donkey
	layer_10: some asked phila don key
	layer_12: so e asked pila donkey

file: 6467-94831-0040.flac
expected: a donkey oh peleg i did nothing of the kind
	layer_2: a donm ky os helic ideds nothing of to tind
	layer_4: a don ke olt helic i dedsnothing of the find
	layer_6: adonkui old heloc i did nothing of the find
	layer_8: a donkey old helck i did nothing of the find
	layer_10: a donkey old helleck i did nothing of the find
	layer_12: a donkey old heleck i did nothing of the find

file: 6467-94831-0041.flac
expected: it's a donkey's head i say
	layer_2: it a donkis hade asay
	layer_4: it tha dun kes head ar say
	layer_6: it a donkey's head ar sa
	layer_8: it's o donkey's head ar say
	layer_10: it's a donkey's head asa
	layer_12: it's a donkeys head arsa

file: 6467-94831-0042.flac
expected: and i say it's your picture
	layer_2: and i sa yo r pictr
	layer_4: and i saiy yourpecter
	layer_6: and i saiyst your pictere
	layer_8: and i say ouor picture
	layer_10: and i say is your picture
	layer_12: and i say its your picture

file: 6467-94831-0043.flac
expected: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it master rover
	layer_2: i gus i know r don' es had when ni seed r msteta wa
	layer_4: i gus i know  donkis head wen i sed austherdower
	layer_6: i guss i knowdonky's head when i seid rased the dove
	layer_8: i guess i know donkey's head when i see it rakd te rover
	layer_10: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rased it over
	layer_12: i guess i know a donkey's head when i see it rased it over

file: 6467-94831-0044.flac
expected: peleg there is some mistake here
	layer_2: haleck te a some stake r
	layer_4: helic tee tha somh stake her
	layer_6: helic theare he sum stake here
	layer_8: heleck theyre a sum mistake here
	layer_10: haleck the're a some mistake here
	layer_12: haleck they'rs a some mistake here

file: 6467-94831-0045.flac
expected: oh you can't joke me no more
	layer_2: o you fin i t e no mo
	layer_4: o you cind jot me no mor
	layer_6: o you cind joke me no more
	layer_8: o you kind joked me no more
	layer_10: oh you kind joked me no more
	layer_12: oh you kind joked me no more

file: 6467-97061-0000.flac
expected: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_2: hn nightd tbhen bos isleving dtephins had o mark widrem
	layer_4: won night when poh wa sleving the pince had a mark widram
	layer_6: one night when pos wers sleeping the frinc had armark bill dream
	layer_8: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a rmarkabl dream
	layer_10: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream
	layer_12: one night when both were sleeping the prince had a remarkable dream

file: 6467-97061-0001.flac
expected: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their former precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_2: th r ust into thetom adtit their cris o herse and furggiting alldeir fom of pricotons lefte tooves open so thaf the gat osige hering di claer inturd and sowlt ofpans
	layer_4: the arushed into the doom addit their cris twou hers and furgeting all their form of recoutionce lefthe toors open so that the garts ouside hering the clammer anturd and sothepprence
	layer_6: they rushed into the room aded their cris to hers and furgeting all their form of precautions left the doorrs open so that the guards outside hering the clammer entered and sawthe prince
	layer_8: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgeting all their form of precautions left the doors opened so that the guards outside hearing the clamor entered and saw the prince
	layer_10: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamour entered and saw the prince
	layer_12: they rushed into the room added their cries to hers and forgetting all their form of precautions left the doors open so that the guards outside hearing the clamor entered and saw the prince

file: 6467-97061-0002.flac
expected: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impaled on a stake
	layer_2: she is at destracet to her familly and shal soo se her huspenet in pad on a stake
	layer_4: she is a diestrace to her familly and sheall soon see her husbant impailed on astake
	layer_6: she is a disgrace to her family and shel soon see her husband impaled on astake
	layer_8: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on astake
	layer_10: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on a stake
	layer_12: she is a disgrace to her family and shall soon see her husband impeled on a stake

file: 6467-97061-0003.flac
expected: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearful frown he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him dragged him from the room
	layer_2: thenmt his for had disigerd by af feofr from he cuntin ud to a buseafprince and havingtid his hands behind him daed him fromedteom
	layer_4: thenment his for had disfigird by afear ful from he con'tinud to appaus o prince and havintied his hands pehind him tacked him from the loom
	layer_6: thenmenth his fore had disfigered by afearful from he continued to apbuse te prince and having tied his hands behind him tagcked him from the room
	layer_8: thenwih his forehead disfigured by a fearful from he continued to apbuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagged him from the room
	layer_10: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearfull from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagged him from the room
	layer_12: then with his forehead disfigured by a fearfull from he continued to abuse the prince and having tied his hands behind him tagged him from the room

file: 6467-97061-0004.flac
expected: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected rajavahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic jewel given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_2: teeded thus likesome wil peast doe shakeng and netlectered naeof a hana wold haves of ear graty hat ha noct hee m trotecteed by the mati tro gien to him in par dallar and wich he had omtived to conseil in his he
	layer_4: treeded thus like some wile peast rotle shaken and neclectered rag if ar hana would havesoff er cratly hat ha not been trotected by the magic welth givento him in partala and wich he had fomtrived to concel in his her
	layer_6: treaded thus like some wilde peast routly shakene and neclected rage of ahana would have soffer greatly had he not been trotected by the magict wellh given to him in partala and which he had comtrived to conceal in his har
	layer_8: treated thus like some wild peast roughly shaken and neglected rageifvahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwelth given to him in partala and which he had conrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_10: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragevahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwealth given to him in patala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair
	layer_12: treated thus like some wild beast roughly shaken and neglected ragevahana would have suffered greatly had he not been protected by the magic dwealth given to him in partala and which he had contrived to conceal in his hair

file: 6467-97061-0005.flac
expected: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital city
	layer_2: ad fancing therefor with alag ar wey he prepet to beseigh shomepa the ceprtllcity
	layer_4: at fancing therfor with a large are we he prepet to be sech shympar the capitalciri
	layer_6: advancing therefore with a large armi he prepeed to be sech sampa the capital ciri
	layer_8: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to beseg champa the capital citi
	layer_10: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital citi
	layer_12: advancing therefore with a large army he prepared to besiege champa the capital citi

file: 6467-97061-0006.flac
expected: a terrible battle ensued in which both kings performed prodigies of valour
	layer_2: ad tedibled batl in sud in whiths pot kings wr fhormt frordt ges o aller
	layer_4: and erible battle andsud in which portkings wr formet prodt jes o vello
	layer_6: and herible battle ensued in which bortkings were formed frodh jiees of vello
	layer_8: and herible battle ensued in which botkings were formed prodgees of velo
	layer_10: a terrible battle ensued in which bortkings were formed prodiges of velor
	layer_12: a terrible battle ensued in which bort kings were formed prodiges of velor

file: 6467-97061-0007.flac
expected: should there be any pity for the violator of the harem
	layer_2: shou thet be anypity fo the vilate r of to hadem
	layer_4: sho thet be any pity for the vialato of the hadom
	layer_6: sould thet be any pity for the violatr of the haram
	layer_8: sould there be any pity for the violatoe of the hatam
	layer_10: should there be any pity for the violator of the hatam
	layer_12: should there be any pity for the violator of the hatam

file: 6467-97061-0008.flac
expected: if the old king my father now in his dotage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his permission and ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_2: av the old kging my fader now in his stitate was folisno to favor the cromano for the sakce of eswertlestaurter you had no ne of his pormishion an ot not to haf wen inf insfpy him
	layer_4: av the old king my fater now in his stotate was fulitinogh to favor he crominal for the sake off his wortlesstarter you had none off his formision and out not to have wen infolnes fy him
	layer_6: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enoug to favor the creminal for the sake of hiswortlys staugter you had no need of his formision and ought not to have been infuence by him
	layer_8: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission and ought not to have beeen influenced by him
	layer_10: if the old king my father now in his stotage was foolish enough to favor the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission ad ought not to have been influenced by him
	layer_12: if the old king my father now in his totage was foolish enough to favour the criminal for the sake of his worthless daughter you had no need of his formission ind ought not to have been influenced by him

file: 6467-97061-0009.flac
expected: let that vile seducer be immediately put to death by torture and his paramour be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_2: let thatlie haguserd weanmedit yo puttolet by taotr an ispat a orl be chalt up and prisen te li com
	layer_4: let thet wie ha gusere we immediee y purtoe et by tautur and his faramor beshal up and prison te  i come
	layer_6: let that wile ad duserd we immediately put to that by taucur and his faramo bi shall up and prison to i come
	layer_8: let that wile e guserd be immediately put to dhat by torture and his paramo be shu up in prison till i come
	layer_10: let that wile sa cucert be immediately put to death by torture and his paramor be shut up in prison till i come
	layer_12: let that wile se gucert be immediately put to death by torture and his paramor be shut up in prison till i come

file: 6467-97061-0010.flac
expected: have ready also a fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall mount immediately after the wedding to overtake my army in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trample the life out of that criminal
	layer_2: haveredy olso of fers a thi int soutbl q wipe which i se ha ont meditly offr the veding who awou ta my ar me an mach a ganis te aney and as a sit out i we make tealifent tom e de life ut oftact cromo
	layer_4: haveraty also of fers alifent suitibl equipe which is a ont immeditly affer the veldding who alwetake my ar me in march acains the anewy and as i sid out i wil make the alifent tumpule de life out of tuc crimil
	layer_6: have ready also of fierce alephant suitably quipet which ishe want immediately affter the wearing who alvurl take my are me in march against the enewy and as i set out i will make the elepantd trample te life out of that crimel
	layer_8: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equippte which i shale want immediately after the welring who owoul take my ar my in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elehant trampled the life out of that criminl
	layer_10: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall wont immediately after the welring who over take my arm y in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trimpled te life out of that criminal
	layer_12: have ready also of fierce elephant suitably equipped which i shall wont immediately after the welring who over take my arm y in march against the enemy and as i set out i will make the elephant trimple the life out of that criminal

file: 6467-97061-0011.flac
expected: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which now seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_2: let hasdtoo derd go le arading deth whis snolseemed in evita bl hesirly felt his feed fre and ap pbatifua lady of peared befor him
	layer_4: wit hasto therd gamly aading det wih nawv seemed in evitable he sernly fvelt his feed free and a beautiful lady opeared before him
	layer_6: while he stod therr calmely aaiting teth whoh now seemed inevitable he selrnly felt his feed free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_8: while he stood there calmly awaiting death which snow seemed inevitable he suenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_10: while he stood there calmly awaiting death thi snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him
	layer_12: while he stood there calmly awaiting death thi snow seemed inevitable he suddenly felt his feet free and a beautiful lady appeared before him

file: 6467-97061-0012.flac
expected: she humbly bowing down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_2: she hum le bong down said let my loaed bardan hes srvand fotinjury which she has andconsious we caus
	layer_4: she humbly bong down said let my lod pardan herservaened forthe ngury which she has and conscious ly caused
	layer_6: she humbly boung down said let my lod parden his servent for the injury which she has undconsciously caused
	layer_8: she humbly bone down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_10: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused
	layer_12: she humbly boned down said let my lord pardon his servant for the injury which she has unconsciously caused

file: 6467-97061-0013.flac
expected: i am an apsaras born from the rays of the moon
	layer_2: i am and atirs bon fromtaras of the mon
	layer_4: i am and absis bon from theras of the moon
	layer_6: i am an absols born from the days of the moon
	layer_8: i am an absoluce borne from the days of the moon
	layer_10: i am an absols born from the days of the moon
	layer_12: i am an asolus born from the days of the moon

file: 6467-97061-0014.flac
expected: one day as i was flying through the air wearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lotus flower attacked me
	layer_2: unday as i wa sflying to di rt wating a wi tres a son ne stakng we fort a lo doslarthe cack ry
	layer_4: un day as i was flin to ou the erd warding of whittres a swon istaking we for ar lo toslar a tack me
	layer_6: one day as i was flyne tovou the air bearing of whi tress a sone ostaking me for a loa toslato tack me
	layer_8: one day as i was flying tough the air bearing a white dress a san whistakin me for a lowtusflow attacke me
	layer_10: one day as i was flying through the air bearning a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lowtusflouhr attacked me
	layer_12: one day as i was flying through the air bearing a white dress a swan mistaking me for a lowtusflou attacked me

file: 6467-97061-0015.flac
expected: in his anger he cursed me saying o wicked one for this offence you are condemned to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_2: in his anger he gurs me sang o woick edtd von for tis efience you urtn demp to re chainsd ind a pecs of andcongious mettle
	layer_4: in his anger he gurs me saing o wicetdwon for thes affence you aurtendem to be changed ino opeace of inconsgious mettle
	layer_6: in his anger he garsed me saying o wecked on for this offence you artondem to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_8: in his anger he gurssed me saying oh wicked one for this offence you art mondeme to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_10: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemne to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal
	layer_12: in his anger he cursed me saying oh wicked one for this offence you are condemn to be changed into a piece of unconscious metal

file: 6467-97061-0016.flac
expected: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turned into a silver chain
	layer_2: the chainged too plath  editly and i fole to the rount t n ant wil sof aeh chaine
	layer_4: the change to placemeditly and i fele to the ground torn andt wia siv echan
	layer_6: the change to place meditaely and i fell to the ground turn an wa civechain
	layer_8: the change too place immediately and i fell to the ground turn andoa siver chain
	layer_10: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain
	layer_12: the change took place immediately and i fell to the ground turn into a silver chain

file: 6467-97061-0017.flac
expected: on his way he saw the silver fetter descended to the ground picked it up and continued his flight
	layer_2: on his ben he sw theg siler feta be sendat to the gown thick did up and countineuwild his fight
	layer_4: on his vey he sawther sidveer fretod be sandit to the goun pick did up and continoid his fight
	layer_6: on his vay he saw the cilver frettled besendit to the gownd picked it up ind continue it his fight
	layer_8: on his way he saw the silver fretel becend it to the gound picked it up and continue it his fight
	layer_10: on his way he saw the silver frettel decend it to the gownd picked it up and continued his fight
	layer_12: on his way he saw the silver frettele descend it to the grownd picked it up and continued his fight

file: 6467-97061-0018.flac
expected: the slayer of chandavarma hearing this came out of the palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_2: lhislaed of tentr a mire hering gisceame ortof t e pal es and bickly w ounting thearlifint who had dound his tonk who to seive him laced hme sel behined t fince
	layer_4: lh slar of tentrwad myr hering his came ort of the pales and pickly ounting the alifent who hald town his tonk who te seive him laced himself behind the pince
	layer_6: lhesla of tendrowadma hearing this came out o te pales and quickly mounting the elepant who hel down his tronk who deceive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_8: the sleate of tendrowadma hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tunk wo receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_10: the sledr of tendroadma hearing this came out of ha palac and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his tunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince
	layer_12: the sler of tendroardma hearing this came out of a palace and quickly mounting the elephant who held down his trunk to receive him placed himself behind the prince

file: 6467-97061-0019.flac
expected: great was their mutual astonishment and joy when they recognised each other the prince exclaiming is it possible
	layer_2: gaedg fo stemre o e stonersmendeenjoy f and dati cocnaty chotu thepins exlaming isit osible
	layer_4: gad forls thedrhto a stonosdmentd anjyof hand dato cocnatu choter the fins exlaiming is it onsible
	layer_6: gadeful ten reato thestonishment enjoyve and de ra cicnased echother defense exclaiming is it possible
	layer_8: gadefused ria to astonishment and jye and day recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_10: grade fol said wea to astonishment and joy  and they recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible
	layer_12: grade for said wea to astonishment and joy  and they recognized each other defence exclaiming is it possible

file: 6467-97061-0020.flac
expected: is it really you my dear friend apaharavarma who have done this deed
	layer_2: is agreally yu mydear frien ape hard ofwmar who haveton the steed
	layer_4: is a greally you mightdeaur frind ap a harr of erma who have ton the steed
	layer_6: is a greally you myght dear friend upa harrovarma who have done the steed
	layer_8: is it really you my dear friend apa hadwerma who have done the steed
	layer_10: is it really you my dear friend apaharwarma who have done this teed
	layer_12: is it really you my dear friend apaharwarma who have done this deed

file: 6467-97061-0021.flac
expected: through these they forced their way employing with good effect the weapons placed on the elephant for the use of chandavarma
	layer_2: two des teirfos theirdba andlying with gool e fec the that pans lace on the erifend for the yus of tendo ardmar
	layer_4: two dese ther fors theird way and plying with good a fects the vepansplaced on the elifent for the us of tendrf ardma
	layer_6: hetwo these theyrforsed theired way implying with good affects the vapansplaced on the aleifant for the use of cendrerma
	layer_8: two dhes they forced their way implying with good effects the wepons placed on the elephant for the uwse of cendeverma
	layer_10: two dhese they forced their way cimplying with good effects the wepons placed on the elephant for the us of sanderman
	layer_12: ttwo dhese they forced their way implying with good effects the wepons placed on the elephant for the uws of sainderman

file: 6467-97061-0022.flac
expected: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_2: we fort havear te had gon far te heard the nicse offatl it at dustance andsaw the soldis an fronh them scatered an ol dorertionse
	layer_4: we for havever the had gone far te heard the noies of pattle at a dustance and saw the sol dies and fronofthem scaterd in all darautians
	layer_6: before haveever they had gone far hey heard the noise of pattle at atdistance and saw the soldies and front them scattered in all diructions
	layer_8: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of pattle at a distance and saw the soldiers in frontof them scattered in all diructions
	layer_10: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions
	layer_12: before however they had gone far they heard the noise of battle at a distance and saw the soldiers in front of them scattered in all directions

file: 6467-97061-0023.flac
expected: we have just now encountered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_2: me havejest nol and contered and utly tefeted te enime so thatk bet as no fer of any for tit asistance
	layer_4: me have just now and comtered and utrly tefeted the anymy so that ted as nofiar of any for therasistance
	layer_6: me have just now and comtered and ucterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any for the ressistance
	layer_8: me have just now end coumnfotered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further ressistance
	layer_10: me have just now encounfortered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance
	layer_12: me have just now encounfortered and utterly defeated the enemy so that there is no fear of any further resistance

file: 6467-97061-0024.flac
expected: rajavahana agreed to this
	layer_2: ad aid thi ir har cre to tis
	layer_4: ad i de i hi great to this
	layer_6: ut i doi ha greet to this
	layer_8: ad i diy ha agreetd to this
	layer_10: ant i demye ho agreed to this
	layer_12: und i demye how agreed to this

file: 6467-62797-0000.flac
expected: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_2: otof cutiusity he hung one of them osid his house
	layer_4: o of curiyosity he hung one of them onside his house
	layer_6: ot of curiosity he hung one of them osie his house
	layer_8: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_10: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house
	layer_12: out of curiosity he hung one of them outside his house

file: 6467-62797-0001.flac
expected: in cases of scorpion sting dommara medicine men rub up patent boluses with human milk or juice of the milk hedge plant euphorbia tirucalli and apply them to the parts
	layer_2: in caces of scopeinstinge the mut armitisan men ro up patend ploses we uman milk or jus ofte mel cathtlant you fort bear ti ocally an af li dhem to the fats
	layer_4: in cases of scot in sting the murarmedisan men ru up patan plouses whe uman milk or juce of the milk hatch clant you fort piar to ru cale and afli them to the pfarts
	layer_6: in cases of scort win sting the maramedicene men rub up paitent plouses with human milk or juise of the milk hadg clant you fourt piae throucaley and afly them to the parts
	layer_8: in cases of scartpinstink thoe mara medicine men rub up patent plouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetdged plant you for pirar throucali and afpfly them to the pats
	layer_10: in cases of scotpinsting the mara medicine men rub up patent flouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetched plant you for pier through cali and afpfly them to the pats
	layer_12: in cases of scotpin sting the mara medicine men rub up paytent flouses with human milk or juice of the milk hetched plant you for pierr through cali and apfly them to the pats

file: 6467-62797-0002.flac
expected: when the umbilical cord of a kondh baby sloughs off a spider is burnt in the fire and its ashes are placed in a cocoanut shell mixed with castor oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather to the navel
	layer_2: then the umvelicanl ard o uforned bebesloas of aspydat as bond in the fir and its ashes u lase in ticopen a sho muxhst owi castr oiyl and ap lide by means of a fold feter to the navl
	layer_4: when the umbirlical gard of ar forned pabe s las off aspiede at as buoned in the fir and its ashes aplaced in tha copena shell mecxht wat castr oil and aplied by means of a foues father to the naval
	layer_6: when the umbolical gard of a fomned pabes lows off aspidet as burned in the fire and its ashes oure placed in a copen i shell mexwat castr oil and applied by means of a fow's feather to the nevo
	layer_8: when the umbolical guard of afomned babies lows off aspiderd is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shell mext wird cast t r oil and applied by means of a fowl's feather toh the neighvo
	layer_10: when the umbolical gard of aponed babies laws off a spider is burned in the fire and its ashes are placed in acopene shell mext wuld cast o oil and applied by means of a foul's feather to the neigvo
	layer_12: when the umbolical guard of aponed babies lows off a spider is burnd in the fire and its ashes are placed in a copenet shell mext would cast ter oil and applied by means of a foul's feather to the neivo

file: 6467-62797-0003.flac
expected: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settles on the cloth
	layer_2: tethen col the tead mand py his name an egllyvat tols someen sex citle on de clot
	layer_4: ti an call the dead man by his name and eagerly vaite tils someen sexcettle an the cloft
	layer_6: the then calle the dead man by his name an eagerly veit till some insax cittle on the clofh
	layer_8: they then called the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insect settle on the cloth
	layer_10: they then call the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth
	layer_12: they then calle the dead man by his name and eagerly wait till some insects settle on the cloth

file: 6467-62797-0004.flac
expected: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_2: bledas tescried as asing ouge offes yse
	layer_4: blet was describd as osing out offas eyes
	layer_6: bled was described as osing out of as eyes
	layer_8: bloed was described as oosing out of his eyes
	layer_10: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes
	layer_12: blood was described as oozing out of his eyes

file: 6467-62797-0005.flac
expected: make the patient suck the milk of the breast of a woman whose baby is more than eighty days old
	layer_2: mae the pasion suc the milk af depreast arfrt wromen whosebevby is more tan eait das old
	layer_4: mae the pasion sut the milk of deprasset orefor woman whose baby is more than eght days old
	layer_6: make the pasion sugt the milk of dipressed o far woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_8: make the patience sougt the milk of depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_10: make the patient sought the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old
	layer_12: make the patient souht the milk off depressed of a woman whose baby is more than eight days old

file: 6467-62797-0006.flac
expected: his camp boy told him of a case in which death was said to have resulted from eating one of these animals cooked with some jak fruit
	layer_2: his can boithold him off agase in thitstet war seid to have tesuthan from ending an o tese analds gooket vlt soejactrud
	layer_4: his can poyte old him off icase in thih teadt wars seid to haes tesultan from eanding won ougf thes anals gooed whit subjacktfrud
	layer_6: his cam poit old him off a case in which tead was said to have pesulten from eanding one of these anials cooked wi subjackfrut
	layer_8: his camp point old him of a case in which tead was said to have resultant from eanding one of these animals cooked wih subjack fruit
	layer_10: his camp oi told him of a case in which deth was said to have ressultant from ending one of these animals coked with subjecked fruit
	layer_12: his camp poy told him of a case in which det was said to have resultant from eanding one of these animals cooked with subjecked fruit

file: 6467-62797-0007.flac
expected: a few years ago a scare arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abode in imported german glass bangles which compete with the indigenous industry of the gazula bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low in the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the wearer after warning her to get her affairs in order before succumbing
	layer_2: ofu yers ago ascared bathews in connection wit than insact wichs we sae to have takannup its abword inm imporder jemant glas bangls whihs tomplet fwit dendegin ussandustiof ne gasi aban go makers nen sectles topordert toli lon the bangrle tilaiaspeirtes mhen it worl cam ort and nit tebarove after wording her toget herd afirs in oder wiforsacombing
	layer_4: a few yeurs ago ascared atr aws in conection withthan ensect wich was sait to have taken up it's aord in importer jeomn glas pangles which tcomplet fwith dendeginus n dusteoff de gazi abangile macers deansect was to porded to li lor nd the bangl te lit waspurtes when it would come out and nip the bere after waing her to get her afars in ater wt frsacombing
	layer_6: a few years ago a scared arawas in connection with an insect wich was said to have taken up its abord in importe coman glass bangles which complete with dendeinious nddustry of the garzzla bangle makers densect was reportet to li low on the pangle ti it was purches when it would come out and knippe the bearof after wardning her to get her affairs in oder with war s accumbing
	layer_8: a few years ago a scared arous in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord an importet german glass bangles which complete with the indigenous industry of the gazilla bangle makers the insect was reported to lie low on the bangle till it was purchase when it would come out and knipp the beare after warring her to get her affairs in order whith wor succumbing
	layer_10: a few years ago a scared aros in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord in importet german glass bangles which complete with the indienous industry of the gazula bangl makers the insect was reported to lie low on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and knip the beare after warning her to get her affairs in order which wor sucumbing
	layer_12: a few years ago a scared arose in connection with an insect which was said to have taken up its abord in importet german glass bangles which complete with the indiginous industry of the gazulla bangl makers the insect was reported to lie low on the bangle till it was purchased when it would come out and nip the bearer after warning her to get her affairs in order which for succumbing

file: 6467-56885-0000.flac
expected: his body was long and slender hard and agile his sight keen his aim unerring
	layer_2: his vody was lonk an slender hard in a dil his sit ken his ammon ating
	layer_4: his vody was lonk in slender heard in agile his sight keen his amm an erding
	layer_6: his vody was lonk and slender hard in agile his sight keen his am an edring
	layer_8: his body was long and slender hard in egile his sight keen his aim an erring
	layer_10: his body was long and slender hard in egile his sight keen his aim and erring
	layer_12: his body was long and slender hard in egile his sight keen his aim and erring

file: 6467-56885-0001.flac
expected: in the month of agrahayan kanti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nydighi with a few sporting companions
	layer_2: in the montos ar gr a hn gin the ha gonor shuthing lear the som of tnedichy witaft eu sporting companions
	layer_4: in the mont off algr hn gan the had gone or shoting le ar the swomp of nediky with a few sporting companions
	layer_6: in the month of algran canthe had gone out shooting lear the swump of nediki with a few sporting companions
	layer_8: in the month of algrahyn ganti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_10: in the month of algrahn ganti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions
	layer_12: in the month of algrahyn ganti had gone out shooting near the swamp of nidiki with a few sporting companions

file: 6467-56885-0002.flac
expected: one morning as kanti was seated in his boat cleaning a favourite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of wild duck looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white ducklings clasped to her breast
	layer_2: une mo ding as thinty was setered in his bort clenin af favor i con he sad anle stated at wat hetart ws ecry of y dut looking oth he saw ovelase maidind comeing to the wates age wut do whi dokling sclas to have purest
	layer_4: une monding asconty was seatered in his port cleaning a favrd con he sad enly started at what he tard was ecry if wi duc looking ofp he saw o velae maiein coming to the wates edge with too white tockling sclas to have prest
	layer_6: one morning as canty was seated in his poart cleaning a favorid cone he seddenly started at what he taugt was the cry if whie dack looking up he saw a velaye maidin coming to the water's edge with two whi tucklings clasped to here pressed
	layer_8: one morning as kanti was seated in his poart cleaning a favoritde gun he suddenly started at what he thaugt was the cry of while dock looking up he saw a villas maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tucklings clape to her pressed
	layer_10: one morning as skanti was seated in his boath cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a while dock looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clased to her presed
	layer_12: one morning as skanti was seated in his boarth cleaning a favorite gun he suddenly started at what he thought was the cry of a while dock looking up he saw a village maiden coming to the water's edge with two white tocklings clased to her pressed

file: 6467-56885-0003.flac
expected: the girl put the birds into the water and watched them anxiously
	layer_2: le gol wut the burds into toe watter and watc theirm anciously
	layer_4: the gl put the birds into the water and wa's themantiously
	layer_6: the girl put the birds into the water and wats them anxiously
	layer_8: the girl put the birds into the water and wace them anxiously
	layer_10: the girl put the birds into the water and wached them anxiously
	layer_12: the girl put the birds into the water and wached them anxiously

file: 6467-56885-0004.flac
expected: looking round kanti saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the ducks
	layer_2: looking hround gan ty sa one of hs men pinding an unlorded con ad dheduxks
	layer_4: looking round cant thy saw one o his men pinding and unloded gun ad the doxs
	layer_6: looking round canti saw one of his men pinding and unlowred gun at the dok
	layer_8: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unlowared gun at the dok
	layer_10: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks
	layer_12: looking round granty saw one of his men pointing an unloaded gun at the docks

file: 6467-56885-0005.flac
expected: kanti went on cleaning his gun
	layer_2: can tem en on tlening his gon
	layer_4: canty men tan claning his gun
	layer_6: canty menton claning his gun
	layer_8: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_10: kanty went on cleaning his gun
	layer_12: kanty went on cleaning his gun

file: 6467-56885-0006.flac
expected: after kanti had eaten and drunk the brahmin begged him to introduce himself kanti gave his own name his father's name and the address of his home and then said in the usual way if i can be of any service sir i shall deem myself fortunate
	layer_2: aftekin te had eaten entronk the bram anpect him toint dushimself gon te gave his ow an name his father's name and dheed tes of his home and thenserd in usal bay if i can be ovenhy sar iser i shal kin musso fogtnet
	layer_4: after konty had eaten andtronk the bramen pect him to int duce himself categave his own name his father's name and thee tes of his home and then said in thusual bay if i can be ofeny servisir i shall ken mysol forcnete
	layer_6: after canty had eaten and trunk the bramon pecked him to intoduce himself canti gave his own name his father's name and ye tes of is home and then said in th usual bay if i can be of any servi sir i shall kin myselfortunate
	layer_8: after canty had eaten and drunk the bram an peggked him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet this of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any servic sir i shall ken myself fortunate
	layer_10: after kanty had eaten and drunk the bramman pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yettes of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall ken myself fortunate
	layer_12: after kanty had eaten and drunk the bramman pegged him to introduce himself canty gave his own name his father's name and yet tes of is home and then said in the usual bay if i can be of any service sir i shall kenk myself fortunate

file: 6467-56885-0007.flac
expected: so saying kanti repeated his salute and went back
	layer_2: sosing gonti y bedeart his silue an went back
	layer_4: sosing contiry petered his selut and went pack
	layer_6: so sing contily peatered his salute and went back
	layer_8: so saying kantele petered his salute and went back
	layer_10: so saying contily petered his salute and went back
	layer_12: so saying con tily petered his salute and went back

file: 6467-56885-0008.flac
expected: the brick built mansion of the mazumdars had been borrowed for the wedding ceremony which was fixed for next magh as kanti did not wish to delay
	layer_2: le pric bote mantion of the os on tas had bean botod ford thebarning sermoly thic was sae ford next mrk as coun di idg notfish to delay
	layer_4: he prick bolt mantion of the mosomthars had beean borord for the eing serminy which was fexed fort next mark as conty di not fishd to delay
	layer_6: the crickbilt mantion of the mosom hars had been borowd for the bering sermony which was fixt forth next mark as cantly did not fish to delay
	layer_8: the crick bilt mantion of the mosomlars had been borrowed for the welling sermony which was fixed for the next mark as cantly did not wish to delay
	layer_10: the crickbilt mansion of the mazomlas had been borrowed for the welling sermony which was fixed for the next mark as candly did not wish to delay
	layer_12: the crick bilt mansion of the mazomlas had been borrowed for the welling sermony which was fixed for the next mark as candly did not wish to delay

file: 6467-56885-0009.flac
expected: in due time the bridegroom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a torchlight procession and the ceremony began
	layer_2: indu nime to brid romar ibed on his aliffent with droms and musi c and with ha paughtsly pocession and the sediman the begain
	layer_4: induw time the grae gromorive on his aliphent with droms and music and with ha partsla procession and the seriman e begain
	layer_6: in du time the prie groumaived on his elephent with droms and music and with a tarts lie procession in the ceriminy began
	layer_8: in due time the prive groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a tarthle procession and the ceremony began
	layer_10: in due time the pride groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a tarchli procession and the ceremony began
	layer_12: in due time the pride groom arrived on his elephant with drums and music and with a tarczli procession and the ceremony began

file: 6467-56885-0010.flac
expected: in that bashful downcast face crowned with the wedding coronet and bedecked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognise the village maiden of his fancy and in the fulness of his emotion a mist seemed to becloud his eyes
	layer_2: in thatd pash fol don guast face could on whet devrealingcalr a n and bedect wut sandle past hecould scarely ricugnise te belea e mad n off hisfancy and intheforlnensoffasa mortion on musto seem to be cloud his eyse
	layer_4: in that pash ful down gast face cr on with derelling caor anair and bedact with santl pacde he could scarcly ha cognied tho be latemaetnoff his fancy and intheful necs offis amotion a mist seemed to be clowd his eyes
	layer_6: in that pashful downe gased face cron with the wveiling coronair and bedacet with sandle pacte he could scarcely te cognised tho belagemad een off his fancy and in the foullnesnce off his amotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyce
	layer_8: in that pashful downgastd face grownd with devailing coroneir and bedaked with sandal paste he could scarcely recognize the bellagemaiden off his fancy and in the fullness off his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_10: in that pashful down ghast face crowned with thevailing coronar and bedacked with sandale paste he could scarcely recognize the bellage maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes
	layer_12: in that pashful down ghast face crowned with the veiling coronar and bedacked with sandale paste he could scarcely recognise the bellage maiden of his fancy and in the fullness of his emotion a mist seemed to be cloud his eyes

file: 6467-56885-0011.flac
expected: the light of the lamps seemed to grow dim and darkness to tarnish the face of the bride herself
	layer_2: delid ot the lam seemdto gro dem and darkness tktanish the fase of the pried herself
	layer_4: the lighd off the lam seemed tho grord them and darkness to tanish the face of the prid herself
	layer_6: dhe light of the lams seemed to growd them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_8: the light of the lamp seemed to gow them and darkness to tanish the face of the pride herself
	layer_10: the light of the lamps seemed to grow them and darkness to tarnish the face of the pride herself
	layer_12: the light of the lamps seemed to grow them and darkness to tarnish the face of the pride herself

file: 6467-56885-0012.flac
expected: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_2: a frse he folt anglyvrt tes fathernla theyod sco grerth had shon him wone grland maryed him don oder
	layer_4: at first he felt anglyvwith this fathern la theold scon ral had shon him bon girl and mardied him doanother
	layer_6: at first he felt angry with his father law the old sconril had shown him one girl and barried him to another
	layer_8: at first he felt angry with his father i law the old scondril had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_10: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another
	layer_12: at first he felt angry with his father in law the old scoundrel had shown him one girl and married him to another

file: 6467-56885-0013.flac
expected: close upon it followed the girl he had seen before
	layer_2: loe was apona foloured the gd he had seene befo
	layer_4: gloas upon et fallowred the god he had seen befou
	layer_6: close upon it followed the god he had seen before
	layer_8: close upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_10: close upon it followed the good he had seen before
	layer_12: close upon it followed the good he had seen before

file: 6467-56885-0014.flac
expected: oh the mad girl cried the women as they made signs to her to leave the room
	layer_2: ol the mad grt crietd t awom aen as they midt sin s to her o le you tot om
	layer_4: o the mad girl cried tho woman as the mide signs to her to ly uve to d onm
	layer_6: o the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to liave ther om
	layer_8: o the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom
	layer_10: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rome
	layer_12: oh the mad girl cried the woman as they made signs to her to leave the rom

file: 6467-56885-0015.flac
expected: all the women in the room began to titter
	layer_2: illt tle manmin te tron begant totte
	layer_4: alhe e mamin the room began to tita
	layer_6: all the o men in the room began to titta
	layer_8: all the women in the room began to titta
	layer_10: all the women in the room began to titta
	layer_12: all the women in the room began to titta

file: 6467-56885-0016.flac
expected: the increasing laughter in the room betokened an amusing joke
	layer_2: the inkleasing lafpert in tirom be tok end an a musing jok
	layer_4: the inrleasing laughedter in the dom be tokind han amusing jeok
	layer_6: the increasing laugheder in the room pe token han amusing jok
	layer_8: the increasing laughter in the room be taken an amusing jok
	layer_10: the increasing laughter in the room betakened an amusing joke
	layer_12: the increasing laughter in the room be takened an amusing joke

file: 6467-56885-0017.flac
expected: with a sigh of intense relief as of escape from calamity he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_2: with the ciof in dent llitf as of erscaed on telamidy he looke on cemorn into the face of hisprit
	layer_4: with the sihof intencleaf as of escad on the lamity he looked once mone into the face of hisprid
	layer_6: with the sih of intens  lef as of escaye on the lamedy he looked on'smorn into the face of hispride
	layer_8: with a sigh of intense leaf as of ascae om the lamedy he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_10: with a sigh of intense eleaf as of escape om talamedy he looked once more into the face of his bride
	layer_12: with a sigh of intense releaf as of escape om talamedy he looked once more into the face of his bride

file: 3663-172005-0000.flac
expected: the fawn had taken his morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_2: the fon hat taken this mornyng ma and now ly crrld up on ta bedof mas
	layer_4: the fon had taken this morly mel and now lay crled up on abed of moss
	layer_6: the fan had taken this morny meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_8: the fang had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_10: the fang had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss
	layer_12: the fang had taken this morning meal and now lay curled up on a bed of moss

file: 3663-172005-0001.flac
expected: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite content to frisk about
	layer_2: when never ther fon cot up he was quikt con taned to friesk about
	layer_4: rhenever the fon cautu he was quie contame to fresk about
	layer_6: whenever the fown cout up he was quite contain to fresk about
	layer_8: whenever the fan cougt up he was quite contained to frisk about
	layer_10: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contained to frisk about
	layer_12: whenever the fawn caught up he was quite contained to frisk about

file: 3663-172005-0002.flac
expected: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_2: the tenge was sertod now it was ner
	layer_4: the dange was certe now it was near
	layer_6: the vanger was certed now it was near
	layer_8: the danger was certaid now it was near
	layer_10: the danger was certain now it was near
	layer_12: the danger was certain now it was near

file: 3663-172005-0003.flac
expected: the hounds had struck her trail where she turned and the fawn was safe
	layer_2: the howus has truck a tril whereh she tund and the fornas savfe
	layer_4: the house has truck a tril where she turned and the form woas seth
	layer_6: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm mars save
	layer_8: the howlse had struck a tril where she turned and the farm wars save
	layer_10: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe
	layer_12: the howls had struck a trail where she turned and the farm was safe

file: 3663-172005-0004.flac
expected: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_2: ine mast roing the ad the had a gon in his hand what shout she do
	layer_4: hone wust roing the othe had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_6: one wast rowing the other had agun in his hand what should she do
	layer_8: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_10: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do
	layer_12: one was rowing the other had a gun in his hand what should she do

file: 3663-172005-0005.flac
expected: her tired legs could not propel the tired body rapidly
	layer_2: her tir laks coult not propil the tient vordy reapatlyng
	layer_4: her tiret leks could not propald the tient vordy repitly
	layer_6: her tir leks could not propele the tiant vardi repidly
	layer_8: her tired lakes could not propal the tyant bardi rapidly
	layer_10: her tir lakes could not propel the tyant bordie rapidly
	layer_12: her tired lakes could not propel the tyant bordie rapidly

file: 3663-172005-0006.flac
expected: the doe saw the boat nearing her
	layer_2: the gol saw the boat naring her
	layer_4: the do saw the boat naring her
	layer_6: the do saw the boat nearring her
	layer_8: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_10: the do saw the boat nearing her
	layer_12: the do saw the boat nearing her

file: 3663-172005-0007.flac
expected: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_2: in the momlet more the bot was on her and the man at the ors hatledover and cut her
	layer_4: in ha momet more the boat was on her and the man at the ors had leaned over and caugt her
	layer_6: in a moment more the boath was on her and the man at the ars had leaned over and cught her
	layer_8: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_10: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her
	layer_12: in a moment more the boat was on her and the man at the oars had leaned over and caught her

file: 3663-172528-0000.flac
expected: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctors orders
	layer_2: i was tor ment et my tirss but had abpstad from dreenkyng for manydase occording to the doftoers oders
	layer_4: i was tor meanted by thirst but had ebstaed from drinking for many days occording to the dofter's olders
	layer_6: i was tormented by thirst but had abstayned from drinking for many days according to the docter's orders
	layer_8: i was tormented by thirst but had abstaied from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_10: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders
	layer_12: i was tormented by thirst but had abstained from drinking for many days according to the doctor's orders

file: 3663-172528-0001.flac
expected: that old man ceased to give so much annoyance yet sometimes he appeared to me in dreams
	layer_2: that old man sse to geve so much anoions yeitsmetimes the apper to me indrems
	layer_4: that old men se s to give so much anoians yet sometimes te appere to me indreams
	layer_6: that old men ses to give so much anoyons yet sometimes the appear to me in dreams
	layer_8: that old man cees to give so much anoyanse yet sometimes the appeared to me in dreams
	layer_10: that old man ces to give so much annoyance yet sometimes they appeared to me in dreams
	layer_12: that old man cese to give so much annoyance yet sometimes they appeared to me in dreams

file: 3663-172528-0002.flac
expected: felice had given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_2: fale cha evwen them oders not to spe to me of this
	layer_4: fille chik even tem oders not to spi to me of this
	layer_6: fhilyec i geven them order is not to speak to me of this
	layer_8: philichi given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_10: philicha given them orders not to speak to me of this
	layer_12: philicha given them orders not to speak to me of this

file: 3663-172528-0003.flac
expected: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_2: this mat hat stolend fro me certain lerol sings of som im porteds and in hev fer beenbe tectt she would have  ben very lad iv i heat ditd
	layer_4: this mad had stolen from me certain lerow sings of some importencs and in her fiar being ditacted she would have  been very glad iv i had died
	layer_6: this made had stolen from me certain little shings of some importanse and in her fear of bein detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_8: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_10: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died
	layer_12: this maid had stolen from me certain little things of some importance and in her fear of being detected she would have been very glad if i had died

file: 3663-172528-0004.flac
expected: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full one i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_2: accordig ne she a lout meantwise to tack as much as i couod of the water so the in good ernesst i swallowed mo then a flask fol i then colet myself and began to swet and selln to oul ded sit
	layer_4: according lyshe alout mea twise to tik as much as i could of the water so thet ingood rness i swallowed more then a flask fall i then covert myself and began to swet and sell in to a ded sep
	layer_6: accordingly she allowt mea twice to take as much as i could of the water so thet in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask fall i then covered myself and began to sweat and sell into a deee sleep
	layer_8: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_10: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep
	layer_12: accordingly she allowed me twice to take as much as i could of the water so that in good earnest i swallowed more than a flask full i then covered myself and began to sweat and fell into a deep sleep

file: 3663-172528-0005.flac
expected: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_2: the sa that my poor frae was on the point of folling to the ground sogriave to rs he to heris
	layer_4: the sa that my poor fraas on the point of folling to the ground sogreaved t was he to hear this
	layer_6: the se that my poor friemd was on the point of falling to the ground so grieve was he to hear this
	layer_8: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grievd was he to hear this
	layer_10: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this
	layer_12: they say that my poor friend was on the point of falling to the ground so grieved was he to hear this

file: 3663-172528-0006.flac
expected: afterwards he took an ugly stick and began to beat the serving girl with all his might shouting out ah traitress you have killed him for me then
	layer_2: aftewart s he tooken aglyacs tae and began to bep tle servingir with all his mit sholtin out a tratres you have pilldim for men tha
	layer_4: afterers he tookan uglestath and began to beat le servin girl with all his mignht shalting out ah tratres you have killd him for men then
	layer_6: afterwards he took an agleastate and began to beat le serving girl with all his mind shoutin out ah traatrouss you have killed him for me then
	layer_8: afterwards he took an ugly  state and began to beat te serving girl with all his mind shouting out ah treitrous you have killed him for me then
	layer_10: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mit shouting out ah treiterouss you have killed him for me then
	layer_12: afterwards he took an ugly state and began to beat the serving girl with all his mit shouting out ah treiterous you have killed him for me then

file: 3663-172528-0007.flac
expected: she may indeed have saved my life so lend me a helping hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_2: she man ded have saved my life so led mea helpihand for i have swete and bequick a boud it
	layer_4: she main did have saved my life so led mea helping hand for i have swete and be quick aboud it
	layer_6: she ma n did have saved my life so led me a helpin hand for i have sweated and bequick about it
	layer_8: she may inded have saved my life so led me a helpin hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_10: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it
	layer_12: she may indeed have saved my life so let me a help in hand for i have sweated and be quick about it

file: 3663-172528-0008.flac
expected: felice recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_2: fil hyche recovretispirits driht and ma necomftable and i benconciers over gra inprofmen im mistage begen to recten on recovery
	layer_4: filechua recovert hispbirits dride and mante ne cofortable and i been concious ofe great improfment in myetak begent to recon on recovery
	layer_6: filletha recovered hispirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvfement in my stat began to reckon on recovery
	layer_8: vilicher recovered his spirits dried and make me comfortable and i been conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_10: philiche recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery
	layer_12: philiche recovered his spirits dried and made me comfortable and i being conscious of a great improvement in my state began to reckon on recovery

file: 3663-172528-0009.flac
expected: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_2: jus thed the e the docter ber nardeno put in hisapearans who et the begiring of mi iners had refuset to blepme
	layer_4: jus tan the othe doctor burnardino put in his apperans who hat the bigiring of my illners had refused to bleed me
	layer_6: just then the other doctor brnardino put in his appearance who at the biginning of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_8: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the begining of my ilners had refused to bleed me
	layer_10: just then the other doctor bernardino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me
	layer_12: just then the other doctor bernarddino put in his appearance who at the beginning of my illness had refused to bleed me

file: 3663-172528-0010.flac
expected: maestro francesco that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_2: mystro frenchescols that most able mane exclad h four of thecher
	layer_4: mystroferenchescoes that most able man exclad oh powere of mecur
	layer_6: my istroferon chescos that most abl man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_8: miistrow fran chiscowes that most able man exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_10: myist ra franchiscoes that most able men exclaimed oh power of nature
	layer_12: myist raf fronchescoes that most able men exclaimed oh power of nature

file: 3663-172528-0011.flac
expected: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_2: she nes what shi e quiurs and the pusitions no notig
	layer_4: she knows what she requires and the pysition's no nothing
	layer_6: she knows what she requires and the physicions now nothing
	layer_8: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_10: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing
	layer_12: she knows what she requires and the physicians know nothing

file: 3663-172528-0012.flac
expected: that simpleton maestro bernardino made answer saying if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_2: tha sibotoed mystrber nondeina mat ase sam if he hat drumcal nonthe botl he would hav been curt upon the spout
	layer_4: that sibote my srber non dena made unso sane if he had drun ennother botole he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_6: that siboten mysrobernadino made unso san if he had drunk annother bottol he would have been cured upon the spart
	layer_8: tha siboton mis rober nardino made ansursane if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_10: tha siboton mysrobernardino made anser sayn if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot
	layer_12: that siboton maysrobernardino made anser sayng if he had drunk another bottle he would have been cured upon the spot

file: 3663-172528-0013.flac
expected: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_2: afterts heturd to me and asi icould ha druk mor water
	layer_4: afterwts he turned to me and ask i i could have drunk more water
	layer_6: after wards he turned to me and ask if i could have drunk more water
	layer_8: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_10: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water
	layer_12: afterwards he turned to me and asked if i could have drunk more water

file: 3663-172528-0014.flac
expected: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_2: i ansedt no becosi had adtirly quincd mythirst
	layer_4: i unsweret no because i had entirely quinched my thirst
	layer_6: i answered no because i had entirely quanched my thirst
	layer_8: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_10: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst
	layer_12: i answered no because i had entirely quenched my thirst

file: 3663-172528-0015.flac
expected: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man begged you to bleed him
	layer_2: ilit menner she was askingfl what she wanttit whet the po yame man ta dou to bled hm
	layer_4: in lihke menner she was usking for what she wantet wit the poo yon man ta du to bleed him
	layer_6: in ligkt menner she was askin for what she wanted wheth the poor young man ba do to bleed him
	layer_8: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted wet the poor young man bad de to bleed him
	layer_10: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bed deu to bleed him
	layer_12: in like manner she was asking for what she wanted when the poor young man bed deu to bleed him

file: 3663-172528-0016.flac
expected: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before
	layer_2: if vyoeud neartatis u recovry topedat upon his dreenking to flasks of rter why gin you not saso befor
	layer_4: if you near tat is  recovery depedet upon his drinking too flasks of water why dentg you not say so before
	layer_6: if you neaer that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before
	layer_8: if you kneawrs that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before
	layer_10: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why didt you not say so before
	layer_12: if you knew that his recovery depended upon his drinking two flasks of water why did you not say so before

file: 3663-172528-0017.flac
expected: you might then have boasted of his cure
	layer_2: you might thene have bostid of his cir
	layer_4: you might len have bostid onf his kir
	layer_6: you might tlen have boastet of his kire
	layer_8: you might then have boasted on his cue
	layer_10: you might then have boasted on his cuee
	layer_12: you might then have boasted on his cure

file: 3663-172528-0018.flac
expected: at these words the wretched quack sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_2: at this wors the rechi ouit socaly tepodit and mevlr shoultis fase age
	layer_4: at this wors the wrecheuite soculy departidt and nevee shout is face agae
	layer_6: at this words the rechec wuhite sokilly departed and never should his face agaie
	layer_8: at thes words the wretched qwuhite sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_10: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again
	layer_12: at these words the wretched white sulkily departed and never showed his face again

file: 3663-172528-0019.flac
expected: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_2: the verve nin o was taken with grat recotions in the char well rept up and protactet from the cod
	layer_4: the verievening i was taken with grat precautions in the chair well repet up and protected from the cod
	layer_6: the veryvening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well repped up and protected from the cold
	layer_8: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrepped up and protected from the cold
	layer_10: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold
	layer_12: the very evening i was taken with great precautions in a chair well wrapped up and protected from the cold

file: 3663-172528-0020.flac
expected: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_2: do not r mitin ane ie regulerites foslo hee as cat sthistin in nother dis order now would be thedat of hi
	layer_4: do not prmitin any uregularitis for thog hea thescaped this time in nother dis oder now would pbe the dath of him
	layer_6: do not permitt him any iregularities for though hears escape this time annother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_8: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time annother disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_10: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him
	layer_12: do not permit him any irregularities for though he has escaped this time another disorder now would be the death of him

file: 3663-172528-0021.flac
expected: then he turned to me and said my benvenuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a madonna with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_2: they td to me and sat my ben vento be prudet commet no excesses and he you ele quit wriehcover i bagu to mat me an mu danoew with hyu o hand and i weul allays pa my divoshos toyt for yu sak
	layer_4: that he tornent to me and sad my ben vin to be prude come mit no excesses and we you ae quite reh covert i bagyou to make me a madana with your on hand and i we'l always pay my devosies toit for you sak
	layer_6: that he turned to me and said my ban venoutal be prudend commit no excesses and when you arel quite recovered i bag you to make me a madona with your own hand and i will always pay my devosions to it for your sake
	layer_8: then he turned to me and said my band venuto be prudent commite no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a modona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_10: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a modona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake
	layer_12: then he turned to me and said my ban venuto be prudent commit no excesses and when you are quite recovered i beg you to make me a modona with your own hand and i will always pay my devotions to it for your sake

file: 3663-172528-0022.flac
expected: so i made my mind up and prepared to travel
	layer_2: so i mev my mind up and pretart to trivl
	layer_4: so i made my myind up and prepart to trovel
	layer_6: so i made my mind up and prepae to trevel
	layer_8: so i made my mind up and prepare to trevel
	layer_10: so i made my mind up and prepare to trevel
	layer_12: so i made my mind up and prepare to trevel

file: 3663-172528-0023.flac
expected: that day many friends came to see me among others pier landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_2: that dy many frencs kap to seme amon othes pir lodbde whows the best adearst friend i eve hat
	layer_4: that day many frens cap to seeme among others per ldete who was the best a dearest frend i evel had
	layer_6: that day many friends cape to see me among others piere laddi who was the best a dearest friend i ever had
	layer_8: that day many friends cape to see me among others pierre landi who was the best ad dearest friend i ever had
	layer_10: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had
	layer_12: that day many friends came to see me among others pierre landi who was the best and dearest friend i ever had

file: 3663-172528-0024.flac
expected: next day there came a certain niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_2: mix tay thiy came a srsen mneclo tha mon ter ugouto who as allsa  verygreat fraen of min
	layer_4: nax tay thay came a cersen nikolo thu montay a guta who was also o very great fren of mie
	layer_6: next day the came a sertain nicolo thamonte aguto who was also a very grat friend of min
	layer_8: next day there came a sertain nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_10: next day there came a certan nicolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine
	layer_12: next day there came a certant niccolo da monte aguto who was also a very great friend of mine

file: 3663-172528-0025.flac
expected: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_2: i had harbud have in ru and provid at fur his cossts whilel he het turned my hol hous u si down for the man was suejec to au spechies of dryscae wheche was ays in the habit ofs crachyn with his hae
	layer_4: i had harbird hive in roum and providedt for his costs while he had tured by whole house upsit down for the man was subject to aspecies of dry scae which he was always in the huabit of  screchin with his hand
	layer_6: i had harbered him in rom and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to e species of dry scare which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_8: i had harboured him in rome and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upsite down for the man was subject to a species of dry scarb which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hands
	layer_10: i had harboured him in room and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scab which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand
	layer_12: i had harboured him in room and provided for his costs while he had turned my whole house upside down for the man was subject to a species of dry scabe which he was always in the habit of scratching with his hand

file: 3663-172528-0026.flac
expected: meanwhile that able physician francesco da monte varchi attended to my cure with great skill
	layer_2: menwl that ablfhisision frunchesscod thamon tervaky atendet to my cir with greatsk
	layer_4: meanwil that able isition fronche scod tha mon tevarky attended to my cur with great skil
	layer_6: meanwhile that able physicion fron cheskoe tha montevarqki attended to my cur with great skiu
	layer_8: meanwhile that able physician francesco de monte varqki attended to my cue with great skiue
	layer_10: meanwhile that able physician francesco da montevarqui attended to my cure with great skue
	layer_12: meanwhile that able physician francesco de monttesvarquis attended to my cure with great scue

file: 3663-172528-0027.flac
expected: there they seated me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_2: the the sidt me to wat untise dukwets b
	layer_4: there the sid it me to wait unti the duk wend by
	layer_6: there they sit ed me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_8: there they sitt at mea to wait until the duke went by
	layer_10: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by
	layer_12: there they sit at me to wait until the duke went by

file: 3663-172528-0028.flac
expected: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprise that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shattered by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_2: mani of my frins at cor cam up to gret me and exprest suprise that i had undegon the incomveniancs of ben carit in that wa will so shetit by illnes the sat that i ght to ervf wayte toli was well and thento av isididt the du
	layer_4: many of my friends at cord came up to gret me and expressed surprice that i had unde gone the inconvenianse of ben carit in that way while so shet id by illness the said that i ought to have waite to li was well and then to have vysited the du
	layer_6: many of my friends at cort came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergon the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shetted by illness they said that i ought to have waited til i was well and then to have visited the due
	layer_8: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shatted by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the du
	layer_10: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shatted by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke
	layer_12: many of my friends at court came up to greet me and expressed surprised that i had undergone the inconvenience of being carried in that way while so shated by illness they said that i ought to have waited till i was well and then to have visited the duke

file: 3663-172528-0029.flac
expected: at these words maestro agostino the dukes tailor made his way through all those gentlemen and said if that is all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_2: at this worts my str agos teno te duktale meahis wash througwh all thos jentmen and sad it tats all you wone to know you shall noit at this vary mome
	layer_4: at this worts mystragosteno the duk taila mit is way through all those gentman and sad it tat's all you wane to know you shall no it at this verymomendt
	layer_6: at this words my stagosdino the dukes tailo mit is wais through all those gentlemen and said it that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_8: at thes words mystroagostino the duke's tailor madt his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_10: at these words myestra agostino the duke's tailor made his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment
	layer_12: at these words myestra agostino the duke's tailor made his ways through all those gentlemen and said if that's all you want to know you shall know it at this very moment

file: 3663-172528-0030.flac
expected: giorgio the painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and maestro agostino exclaimed there is the man who accused you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_2: jorjos t he panter ho my have mentiond happentjs ten to pass and my surowagas teno iexclatd tereris te manl of cus dou now you noiursel tive it betrue ornot
	layer_4: jorgoset a painter who y have mensioned happened jus tan to pass and myi srouw agosteno exclad veristomanol o cused you now you know yoursel ive it betrue or not
	layer_6: georgos a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mi srouwagostino exclaimed ver is te man who accused you now you know yoursel it it betrue or not
	layer_8: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myssruagostino exclaimed there is the man who accuse you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_10: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and mys sru agostino exclaimed there is the man who accuse you now you know yourself if it be true or not
	layer_12: george os a painter whom i have mentioned happened just then to pass and myus srou agostino exclaimed there is the man who accuse you now you know yourself if it be true or not

file: 3663-172528-0031.flac
expected: as fiercely as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked giorgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_2: as ius eas i coud not be aghble tolef my set i as joldjo eyfv it was true that he hat a csdto me
	layer_4: as fuse as i could not bee nable to lieaf my set i asked jodo ive it was true that he had a cuse to me
	layer_6: as fsly as i could not been able to leave my seat i asked geol djo if it was true that he had accuse t me
	layer_8: as fusiy as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georlgio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_10: as fusey as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked geogio if it was true that he had accused me
	layer_12: as fusedly as i could not being able to leave my seat i asked georgio if it was true that he had accused me

file: 3663-172528-0032.flac
expected: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_2: he denignt that it was so and that  he hat ever sad avything of the sort
	layer_4: he deninet that it was so and that he had everl said anything of the sord
	layer_6: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sord
	layer_8: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sor
	layer_10: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort
	layer_12: he denied that it was so and that he had ever said anything of the sort

file: 3663-172528-0033.flac
expected: maestro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_2: my sru agta steno re tortet you gallows pird
	layer_4: my srugw augasteno retrtet you galowsbird
	layer_6: my srewagostino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_8: misro agostino retorted you gallowsbird
	layer_10: mysro agostino retorted you gallows bird
	layer_12: mayisro agostino retorted you gallows bird

file: 3663-172528-0034.flac
expected: dont you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_2: don' sho kno that i kno itfor most siten
	layer_4: don't syou know that i know it for most sertin
	layer_6: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_8: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_10: don't you know that i know it for most certain
	layer_12: don't you know that i know it for most certain

file: 3663-172528-0035.flac
expected: giorgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_2: jorjo made off as queklya hecout wrepeding thathe hat not a cut me
	layer_4: jorjo made off as quickly as he coul repeding that he had not accused me
	layer_6: georjo made off as quickly as he could repeading that he had not accused me
	layer_8: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_10: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me
	layer_12: georgio made off as quickly as he could repeating that he had not accused me

file: 3663-172528-0036.flac
expected: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_2: then ost r short wil the duk kae by wherepo ni heat myself rase t up befou his exiled se ad he holto
	layer_4: then afte short wile the duke came by wereoporn i head myself rast up before his excelense and he holted
	layer_6: then after a short while the duke came by wereupon y had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_8: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_10: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted
	layer_12: then after a short while the duke came by whereupon i had myself raised up before his excellency and he halted

file: 3663-172528-0037.flac
expected: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my health
	layer_2: the duke daset at me and mavot i wastil alife aftewerts fe bae me takheed to bean onerstmen and regag my hels
	layer_4: the duke dased at me and marvot i wastill alife afterwerts fhebade met tak heed to be an honost men and regande my hels
	layer_6: the duke dazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards he beed me take heed to be an honest man and regaide my helse
	layer_8: the duke gazed at me and marvoed i was still alife afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regaine my heals
	layer_10: the duke dazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my heals
	layer_12: the duke gazed at me and marvelled i was still alive afterwards he bade me take heed to be an honest man and regain my heals

file: 3663-172528-0038.flac
expected: when i reached home niccolo da monte aguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leave because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_2: when i raghe t hom necolod tae monthaugotol came to visit me and told me that i had excat one of the mos drat ful parils in the worl quite cotrary to all hyes expectations for he hat se my ruin rited with indelbl enk now i must mak ase to get well and after its tik frienctlef becaurs my japordy cavbe from a qorder an a mn whowas able to distroy my
	layer_4: when i reached home necolowd tomon tha  gootol came to visitme an told me that i had excape one of the most gratfull parils in the wor quite cotrary to all his expectations for he had seed my ruin ritten with indelible eink now i must make hase to get well and afterwis ticke frenchlief because my jepidty cave from a quarter and a man whoas able to destroy me
	layer_6: when i reached home nicolo thamonteyaguta came to visit me and told me that i had exscaped one of the most dritful parils in the worl quite cotrary to all his expectations for he had seeed my ruin ritten with indelable inq now i must make hast to get well and afterwar is take frenchlyf because myh japoty cave from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_8: when i reached home nicolo da monteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perios in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my jaopody camve from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_10: when i reached home niccolo da monteaguto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my jaopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me
	layer_12: when i reached home niccolo da montea guto came to visit me and told me that i had escaped one of the most dreadful perils in the world quite contrary to all his expectations for he had seen my ruin written with indelible ink now i must make haste to get well and afterwards take french leaf because my japordy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me

file: 3663-172528-0039.flac
expected: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_2: i un si that i hat do nothin to displesehyn but that he hadt injurt me and toldym allhy a fairabut the minte
	layer_4: i anseit that i had dud nothing to desplease him but that he had injuredt me and told ime all the affairbout the min
	layer_6: i answered that i had dod nothing to displease him but that he had injured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_8: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had endured me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_10: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indurred me and told him all the affair about the mint
	layer_12: i answered that i had done nothing to displease him but that he had indured me and told him all the affair about the mint

file: 3663-172528-0040.flac
expected: he repeated get hence as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_2: he repedit get headsas quektly as you can and beof god corach for youwil se orveggens exicudet sonher than you wixpet
	layer_4: he repet ed get hands as queckly as you can and be of gd curage for you vel se ofvegencs execuded sonar tan you aepect
	layer_6: he repeated get heans is quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see o vengeence executed sooner than you expect
	layer_8: he repeated get hends as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see your vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_10: he repeated get hets as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see our vengeance executed sooner than you expect
	layer_12: he repeated get heats as quickly as you can and be of good courage for you will see our vengeance executed sooner than you expect

file: 3663-172528-0041.flac
expected: i the best attention to my health gave pietro pagolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_2: i the bes atencien to my hes ga pieartrral pagelo at vics aboustha phing the coins and then wentof upor my way to ro withthot sangn a word to theduk o eny bodyells
	layer_4: i the bast attension to my hes dave piertro parglow at vice aboustamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rom without saing a word to the duk o any bodyels
	layer_6: i the bast attention to my helse gave pie tro pargalo at vice aboutstamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rom without saying a word to the duke of anybody els
	layer_8: i the best attention to my heals gave pietro pargalo advice about tamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke of anybody else
	layer_10: i the best attention to my heals gave piertro pargolo advice about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else
	layer_12: i the best attention to my hels gave piertro pargolo advise about stamping the coins and then went off upon my way to rome without saying a word to the duke or anybody else

file: 3663-172528-0042.flac
expected: you want them to immortalise that ferocious tyrant
	layer_2: you want them to y mor toli tat for roshous tirent
	layer_4: you want them to e more to lis at for rocius tirant
	layer_6: you want them to ammortalize that frrocious tirant
	layer_8: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_10: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant
	layer_12: you want them to immortalize that ferocious tyrant

file: 3663-172528-0043.flac
expected: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and their devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_2: you hadt nemer ma anything so xwesit which provsu a w ivveterat fo and tha di vodat frend and yet thepupe ad e have head i twise i min to han you withou anmy foult of ys
	layer_4: you havd never made anything so exqweasit which proves ou i wer inveterete fo and tha devotet frend and yet the pupe at he have had it twice i min to hand you without any foult of yurs
	layer_6: you have never made anything so exquiazit which proves you i will invetorat fo and their devoded friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to han you without any foult of yours
	layer_8: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you ou inveterate fo and there devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_10: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and ther devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mine to hang you without any fault of yours
	layer_12: you have never made anything so exquisite which proves you our inveterate foe and ther devoted friend and yet the pope and he have had it twice in mind to hang you without any fault of yours

file: 3663-172528-0044.flac
expected: it was firmly believed that duke alessandro was the son of pope clement
	layer_2: it was formlybelid that dokh olesiddir was the son of pope plamen
	layer_4: it was firmly beletd that duke alisiddr was the son of pupe plamen
	layer_6: it was firmly believed that duk alisaddro was the sun of pope clemond
	layer_8: it was firmly believed that duke alesaddro was the son of pope clemin
	layer_10: it was firmly believed that duke alisadro was the son of pope clemint
	layer_12: it was firmly believed that duke alissadro was the son of pope clemint

file: 3663-172528-0045.flac
expected: messer francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that medal
	layer_2: messer fren cesscl usd oso to say and swere by all he sinte that if he could he would hav rouped me of the dys fo that meadew
	layer_4: misnser frenchescal used oso to say and swere by all he sints that if he could he would have ropped me of the dies for that maadow
	layer_6: menser fronchesco used also to say and sweare by all his sint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dies for that meadow
	layer_8: minser francesco used also to say and swear by all his saint that if he could he would have robbed me of the dis for that meadow
	layer_10: mensor francesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dye for that meadow
	layer_12: mensor frantesco used also to say and swear by all his saints that if he could he would have robbed me of the dye for that meadow

file: 3663-172528-0046.flac
expected: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_2: i rasponded that h hat don welld to tel myso and that i woulh ticxcuch cair of them that he shoult navles  them mor
	layer_4: i responded that he had done welld to tell me so and that i would tax cuch care of them that he should mevese them more
	layer_6: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would tak such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_8: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_10: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more
	layer_12: i responded that he had done well to tell me so and that i would take such care of them that he should never see them more

file: 3663-172528-0047.flac
expected: i now sent to florence to request lorenzino that he would send me the reverse of the medal
	layer_2: i thowsen to flowrans to requace loren sheno that he woult sae me the revers of the madl
	layer_4: i now sento flowrence to requese loren seno that he would sad me the revers of the matal
	layer_6: i dow sent to flowrence to request lorensinal that he would send me the reverse of the meaow
	layer_8: i now sent to florence to request lorencino that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_10: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow
	layer_12: i now sent to florence to request lorencinon that he would send me the reverse of the meadow

file: 3663-172528-0048.flac
expected: niccolo da monte aguto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorenzino for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_2: nicoll aod tha montar goto to hom i hat retod rot bak sang thathe hat spocoeln to that mad mallof caoly tla sufer lored senot fori fhe hat replit heu was tinking nit ad day of nothing eluse and that he woult inishit a son as e was able
	layer_4: nikollaod tha ontear gootor to whome i had reten rought back saying that he had spoken to that mad malafcoly flasofer lorend se no for it he had replied he was thinking night ad day of nothing euse and that he would finish et as soon as he was able
	layer_6: nicolo dhamonterguto to whom i had riaten rote back saying that he had spoken to that mad malacholly philosofer lurense know for it he had replied hat he was thinking night ad day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was abl
	layer_8: nicolo da monter guto to whom i had ritten wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher larence know for it he had replied that he was thinking night at day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_10: nicolo da montel guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorence kno for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able
	layer_12: nicolo da montel guto to whom i had written wrote back saying that he had spoken to that mad melancholy philosopher lorence kno for it he had replied that he was thinking night and day of nothing else and that he would finish it as soon as he was able

file: 3663-172528-0049.flac
expected: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_2: never thelis i was not to sat my hopes epon his revers but i hadt bettter i vend one out of my owln had and when i hadt finishteit i might brget wiout hasitation to te duke for this weuldh be to my itvantach
	layer_4: never thelese i was not to sad my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own heand and when i had finished id i might bring it without hasitation to the duke for this would be to my evantach
	layer_6: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own heand and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my avantage
	layer_8: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_10: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage
	layer_12: nevertheless i was not to set my hopes upon his reverse but i had better invent one out of my own head and when i had finished it i might bring it without hesitation to the duke for this would be to my advantage

file: 3663-172528-0050.flac
expected: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the work forward to my best ability
	layer_2: i compost thetesine oftheryvers which t semed to me appropet andpress the ward faowet to my best ability
	layer_4: i compost the designe of a revers which seb to me appropiat andpresse the wort faaet to my best ability
	layer_6: i composed the design of a reverse which ceebed to me appropiate andpressed the wortd forwart to my best ability
	layer_8: i composed the design of a reverse which ceme to me appropiate andpressed the worth forward to my best ability
	layer_10: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability
	layer_12: i composed the design of a reverse which seemed to me appropriate and pressed the word forward to my best ability

file: 3663-172528-0051.flac
expected: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used often to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_2: this begeso af he was a fellol of much fheumer we ust offld tolaf to gether ubout the gra credit he hat ga
	layer_4: this beg so as he was a fellow of much fumar we used offeed to laugh togither about the greate credit he had game
	layer_6: this beg so as he was a fellow of much humor we used offered to laughe together about the great credit he had gain
	layer_8: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour wee used offered to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_10: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offerd to laugh together about the great credit he had gained
	layer_12: this being so as he was a fellow of much humour we used offere to laugh together about the great credit he had gained

file: 3663-172528-0052.flac
expected: i therefore dismounted at once got my fowling piece ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_2: i therfo dis mounted at os got my foliyng pes ragy and at a verylograinge brought to ofs tham down with a si go ball
	layer_4: i therefor dis mounted at ons got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought to of them down with a sigo ball
	layer_6: i therefore dismounted at ons got my fouling peace ready and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_8: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling peace rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_10: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling pase rady and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball
	layer_12: i therefore dismounted at once got my fouling pease redy and at a very long range brought two of them down with a single ball

file: 3663-172528-0053.flac
expected: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_2: and nevea us to sud wis mao hand one boll and was usully able to het my mark a to hundr cupits which caltnot be don by othe wayse of lodyg
	layer_4: and nevea use to shood withs moll than one bawl and was usually able to het my mark at two hundrie cubits which cannot be duone by othe ways of loding
	layer_6: in never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hiat my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loding
	layer_8: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_10: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading
	layer_12: i never used to shoot with more than one ball and was usually able to hit my mark at two hundred cubits which cannot be done by other ways of loading

file: 3663-172528-0054.flac
expected: i lifted my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_2: i livetot my fot an tlat the moartor ronout ted when i hat mountet we make had for rom
	layer_4: i livet at my fot and let the wate rune out then when it had mounted we mae haste for wrom
	layer_6: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we make haste for rom
	layer_8: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_10: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome
	layer_12: i lived at my foot and let the water run out then when i had mounted we made haste for rome

file: 4323-18416-0000.flac
expected: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phronsie turned fearfully away
	layer_2: there was no answer and after woner to inaffectualtentcs frosy turd fearfully away
	layer_4: there was no answer and after wan or twoe in effectual attente frousy tured fearfully away
	layer_6: there was no answer and after one or twote in effectual attents fralse tured fearfully away
	layer_8: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attents frasie turned fearfully away
	layer_10: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attemts phralzie turned fearfully away
	layer_12: there was no answer and after one or two ineffectual attempts phrolzie turned fearfully away

file: 4323-18416-0001.flac
expected: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knob
	layer_2: o'ttri and she lat o quikain nom ta know
	layer_4: i'll try and she lai a quickan an o enou
	layer_6: i'll try and she laid a quick a and on ma nof
	layer_8: i'll try and she laid a quick an an o me nav
	layer_10: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knop
	layer_12: i'll try and she laid a quick hand on the knop

file: 4323-18416-0002.flac
expected: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_2: two red spoughts buranonercheeks and her paildlywi sept
	layer_4: two red spots burnd on or cheeks and her paled low ie snapet
	layer_6: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eye snapped
	layer_8: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_10: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped
	layer_12: two red spots burned on her cheeks and her pale blue eyes snapped

file: 4323-18416-0003.flac
expected: oh i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_2: won'm sr i herd it ragingnot hen don
	layer_4: whi'me sur i heard at raging ot than down
	layer_6: whi'm sure i heard it raging up an down
	layer_8: i 'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_10: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down
	layer_12: i'm sure i heard it raging up and down

file: 4323-18416-0004.flac
expected: i don't want any dinner said charlotte drawing back
	layer_2: i don't mone and y ditner said charlat doing mack
	layer_4: i don't mon any dinner said sharlet draing mack
	layer_6: i don't want any dinner said charlet drawing back
	layer_8: i don't want any dinner said charlot drawing back
	layer_10: i don't want any dinner said charlott drawing back
	layer_12: i don't want any dinner said charlott drawing back

file: 4323-18416-0005.flac
expected: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_2: yesindeed said polycerely juses fin his com be
	layer_4: yes indeed sad polycurily just as find is can be
	layer_6: yes indeed said poly cherily just as fine as can be
	layer_8: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_10: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be
	layer_12: yes indeed said polly cheerily just as fine as can be

file: 4323-18416-0006.flac
expected: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_2: a surrdly said old mister kang with great satesfaction impolys pleasur and at her success ind dryn sharlat hout
	layer_4: a surdly said old mister king with great satisfaction ind poly's pleasure and at her suxccess in drwing sharlet hout
	layer_6: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing sharlet out
	layer_8: assuredly said old mister kig with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlote out
	layer_10: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out
	layer_12: assuredly said old mister king with great satisfaction in polly's pleasure and at her success in drawing charlotte out

file: 4323-18416-0007.flac
expected: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chatterton
	layer_2: and afted this the ered no more quiet days for sharelt chautteton
	layer_4: and after this ther wred no more quiet days for sharlete chouterton
	layer_6: and after this there werd no more quiet days for sharlit chowterton
	layer_8: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlote chouterton
	layer_10: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlott chowterton
	layer_12: and after this there were no more quiet days for charlotte chowterton

file: 4323-18416-0008.flac
expected: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_2: o bus mead t you froansy in pleaced to prie
	layer_4: oh blust me iat you frondy in pleaced torprise
	layer_6: oh bluss me it oyou fronsy inpleased surprice
	layer_8: oh bless me it's you phronsie inpleased surprise
	layer_10: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleased surprise
	layer_12: oh bless me it's you phronsie in pleaced surprise

file: 4323-18416-0009.flac
expected: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the door carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_2: yescrant pa said froungsy coming in and chudting thatter carfuly i came om perpis to seeyou all along
	layer_4: yes granp  pa said fronsy coming in and shutting tha or carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_6: yes granpapa said fronzy coming ind and shutting tha dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_8: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the oor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_10: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone
	layer_12: yes grandpapa said phronsie coming in and shutting the dor carefully i came on purpose to see you all alone

file: 4323-18416-0010.flac
expected: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_2: so you did dear said mister kaing hisle groht ified hmpuishing awy his ritting table he held out as han
	layer_4: so you did dear said mister king higdly grout if ide im pushing away his riding table he held out as hand
	layer_6: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his riding table he held out his hand
	layer_8: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified and pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_10: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified in pushing away his writing table he held out his hand
	layer_12: so you did dear said mister king highly gratified in pushing away his writing table he held out his hand

file: 4323-18416-0011.flac
expected: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_2: ho know gran tuo po crid fronsy an arapthur i could never be to bike foit that suf she perched up as of old on hisnig thant she fulded ter hands nd loced graveuly in his face
	layer_4: o kno grand fa pao cried fronsy in erapthere i could never be to big for that so she perched up as of old on his ni than she folded her hands a looked gravely in his face
	layer_6: hoh no grand papa cried fr ansy in ae rapture i could never be oo big for that so she perched up as of old on his nee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_8: oh no grandpapa cried phronsi in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands andlooked gravely in his face
	layer_10: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face
	layer_12: oh no grandpapa cried phronsie in a rapture i could never be too big for that so she perched up as of old on his knee then she folded her hands and looked gravely in his face

file: 4323-18416-0012.flac
expected: well my dear what is it
	layer_2: well my dear wat is it
	layer_4: will my deare what is it
	layer_6: well my dear what is it
	layer_8: well my dear what is it
	layer_10: well my dear what is it
	layer_12: well my dear what is it

file: 4323-18416-0013.flac
expected: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_2: as te ald gon oman presntly youvf come to tell me some then isuppose
	layer_4: ase the old gontaman presently yo'v come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_6: asked the old gontleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_8: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_10: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose
	layer_12: asked the old gentleman presently you've come to tell me something i suppose

file: 4323-18416-0014.flac
expected: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tighter and sighed
	layer_2: yes cran pepat i havf sauid frongsy doscididly and it is most himportant too gred upap ant o i do wish it so much and she claster hans titer ind sid
	layer_4: yes grand pepat i have said frounsy decidedly and it is most impoortant two grad bupo and oh i do wish it so much and she clasther hans titer an side
	layer_6: yes grand papa i have said fronzi decidedly and it is most important too grad papa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands titer inside
	layer_8: yes grand papa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too gradpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_10: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight her inside
	layer_12: yes grandpapa i have said phronsie decidedly and it is most important too grandpapa and oh i do wish it so much and she clasped her hands tight er in side

file: 4323-18416-0015.flac
expected: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_2: well then froudsie f you wantet i sippose it must be said mister king quit is o mate of course
	layer_4: well then frosy if you wantet i suppose it must be said mister king quite esa matte of course
	layer_6: well then fronzy if you wanted i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_8: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_10: well then phronsi if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course
	layer_12: well then phronsie if you want it i suppose it must be said mister king quite as a matter of course

file: 4323-18416-0016.flac
expected: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_2: o she lefe youhor think she had frondly a cup l of millians er so it s wy
	layer_4: oh she lefet you hveithing she had fronsy i couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_6: oh she left you everthink she had frondsy a couple of millions ore so it is why
	layer_8: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_10: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why
	layer_12: oh she left you everything she had phronsie a couple of millions or so it is why

file: 4323-18416-0017.flac
expected: charlotte poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_2: sharvlt por repeated the ol gjeunlemen
	layer_4: sharlet por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_6: charlet poor repeated the old gentleman
	layer_8: charlte pour repeated the old gentleman
	layer_10: charlotte por repeated the old gentleman
	layer_12: charlotte port repeated the old gentleman

file: 4323-18416-0018.flac
expected: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_2: y kno' not ex actly her father is ant ricgh but shar lheat i think ba de very well ispecially as i inted to keeeper her for a while and then ni shall never let her suffert fromnse y never indeet
	layer_4: wy kno' not exactly her father is i' rich but sharleat i think bey do very well especially as i intend to keep her her for awhile and then i shall never let her suffere fronsy never indeet
	layer_6: why kno not exactly her father isn' rich but sharled i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her her for a while and then i shall never let her suffere fronsi never indeed
	layer_8: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotde i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronzi never indeed
	layer_10: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed
	layer_12: why no not exactly her father isn't rich but charlotte i think may do very well especially as i intend to keep her here for a while and then i shall never let her suffer phronsie never indeed

file: 4323-18416-0019.flac
expected: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_2: grafarr said froundcy was n't mis us chadr tan at to shar let
	layer_4: grad bepar said froundsy wasn't misus chatertan ant to sharlet
	layer_6: grad papa said fhronzy wasn't missus chatterton aunt to sharlet
	layer_8: gradpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlote
	layer_10: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte
	layer_12: grandpapa said phronsie wasn't missus chatterton aunt to charlotte

file: 4323-18416-0020.flac
expected: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_2: if missus chatter thon was ant to shoerf it persistof frongsy sloly it seems ous af shamlod ouht to have some of the momy it rely dos gran pupa
	layer_4: if missus chatter ton was ant to sharlat persiste fronsy slowly it seems us if sharlotd ougt to have some of the money it realy does grand p upa
	layer_6: if missus chatterton was aunt to sharlett persisted fhronzy slowly it seems as if sharlodought to have some of the money it really does grand papa
	layer_8: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotd ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_10: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charloteought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa
	layer_12: if missus chatterton was aunt to charlotte persisted phronsie slowly it seems as if charlotte ought to have some of the money it really does grandpapa

file: 4323-18416-0021.flac
expected: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunice was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_2: mayby said the ol jeimom witht ae short lauf and i shouldn't wonder of cusin unus was sory over a fewu other things toot frouncy
	layer_4: mayby said the old getlmom with a short laugh and i shouldn'twonder of cousein unes was sory over a few other things toot fronzy
	layer_6: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder of cousin unus was sorry over a few other things too fronzy
	layer_8: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin ewnis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_10: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin eunes was sorry over a few other things too phronsie
	layer_12: maybe said the old gentleman with a short laugh and i shouldn't wonder if cousin unis was sorry over a few other things too phronsie

file: 4323-18416-0022.flac
expected: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money
	layer_2: whald nit ma e hervery gy ad of i da shawl thit some oft he money
	layer_4: whald n it make her very glad of igeave sharl lat some of the money
	layer_6: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave shawl let some of the money
	layer_8: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charl ot some of the money
	layer_10: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charltte some of the money
	layer_12: wouldn't it make her very glad if i gave charlotte some of the money

file: 4323-18416-0023.flac
expected: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_2: for answor mister cking sette down hacely on t for and tot two wreth re turns upin down the room
	layer_4: for answer mister king sether down hastaly on the floor and took two wer three turns up and down the room
	layer_6: for answer mister king se er down hastily on the floor and took two whor three turns up and down the room
	layer_8: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or thee turns up and down the room
	layer_10: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room
	layer_12: for answer mister king set her down hastily on the floor and took two or three turns up and down the room

file: 4323-18416-0024.flac
expected: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_2: whi do so wish i myght she said ther so much for little grl ike me
	layer_4: iwhy do so wish i might she said ther' so much for a little girl ike me
	layer_6: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_8: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_10: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me
	layer_12: oh i do so wish i might she said there's so much for a little girl like me

file: 4323-18416-0025.flac
expected: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer
	layer_2: it wiul be so n ice to have sharl that have some with me still kno answer
	layer_4: t wiuld be so nize to have sharlhat have some with me still now answer
	layer_6: it would be so nice to have sharelet have some with me still no answer
	layer_8: it would be so nice to have charlet have some with me still no answer
	layer_10: it would be so nice to have charlote have some with me still no answer
	layer_12: it would be so nice to have charlotte have some with me still no answer

file: 4323-18416-0026.flac
expected: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_2: i was raiting a not to missus fargo sid fronzy puting uperlips friakes
	layer_4: i was riting a note to missus fargo said vronsy putting up phr lips foreakiss
	layer_6: i was riting a note to missus fargo said vranzie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_8: i was writing a noe to missus fargo said vronsiye putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_10: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss
	layer_12: i was writing a note to missus fargo said phronsie putting up her lips for a kiss

file: 4323-18416-0027.flac
expected: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_2: shure as i can be fronsy sidald mistr king smily good by dear
	layer_4: sure as i can be fronsy said ald mister king smili good by dear
	layer_6: sure as i can be fhronziye said old mister king smiliy good by dear
	layer_8: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_10: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smiling good by dear
	layer_12: sure as i can be phronsie said old mister king smilin good by dear

file: 4323-18416-0028.flac
expected: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_2: ther eid theit mi sis tu spshall never sey that but comming comet
	layer_4: there ther mysys to spoyshall never say that but comin coment
	layer_6: there ther my sister spoy shall never say that but come incommen
	layer_8: there there my sisterspoy shall never say that but come in comemen
	layer_10: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in
	layer_12: there there my sister's boy shall never say that but come in come in

file: 4323-18416-0029.flac
expected: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_2: not to be yungraius the young manthly imself et wich eir
	layer_4: not to beyungracious the young manthreuy imself int which hair
	layer_6: not to be ongracious the young man thre himself into hich hair
	layer_8: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into ach hair
	layer_10: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair
	layer_12: not to be ungracious the young man threw himself into a chair

file: 4323-18416-0030.flac
expected: oh hang it uncle why can't you let me alone
	layer_2: o hang int an gl wi eint yo let me a long
	layer_4: oh hang it uncle whi ean soe let me a lone
	layer_6: oh hang it uncle why ean she let me alone
	layer_8: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_10: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone
	layer_12: oh hang it uncle why can't she let me alone

file: 4323-18416-0031.flac
expected: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_2: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_4: which is a wonder interpolated pickring
	layer_6: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_8: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_10: which is a wonder interpolated pickering
	layer_12: which is a wonder interpolated pickering

file: 4323-18416-0032.flac
expected: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_2: i know you did oncl si pickering youe don everything hit's good
	layer_4: i know you did uncle said pickring yo've done everything that's god
	layer_6: i know you did uncle said pickering yo'e done everything that's good
	layer_8: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_10: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good
	layer_12: i know you did uncle said pickering you've done everything that's good

file: 4323-18416-0033.flac
expected: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_2: for hav in sate pickering cridt is oncle darting i frone of the char in its res thesckbut don't sa thout again
	layer_4: for haven' sate pickering criede is uncle darting in friont of the chair ind its restlessokubit don't say that again
	layer_6: for heaven' sake pickering cried is uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupit don't say that again
	layer_8: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair and its restless occupate don't say that again
	layer_10: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair in its restless occupant don't say that again
	layer_12: for heaven's sake pickering cried his uncle darting in front of the chair in its restless occupant don't say that again

file: 4323-18416-0034.flac
expected: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for naught but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_2: i'v ben atlaysy dagolm my life an iat good for not but i hopofd not sump to tha
	layer_4: i've been a lazy dog all my life and ad good for not but i hop of not some to that
	layer_6: i've been a laszy dog all my life and a good for not but i hope of not sume to that
	layer_8: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nout but i hope i've not sun to that
	layer_10: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sunk to that
	layer_12: i've been a lazy dog all my life and a good for nought but i hope i've not sunk to that

file: 4323-13259-0000.flac
expected: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up at the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_2: the church bels were rining and peopl on the av new going by tiservis turnd curious inquiring looks uf thet the greait haus and themn went on taking i the reason obente which had sostrangely endtered into and made historyt in the city
	layer_4: the church vells were ringiing and people on the avan ew going by to servise turned churious inquiring looks up that the great house and then went on talking iof the reacon events which had so strangely endtered into and made historyt in the city
	layer_6: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks upt wit the great house and then went on talking otf the reasen events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_8: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up oat the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_10: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up tot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city
	layer_12: the church bells were ringing and people on the avenue going by to service turned curious inquiring looks up tot the great house and then went on talking of the recent events which had so strangely entered into and made history in the city

file: 4323-13259-0001.flac
expected: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_2: and adhu his inpassion oppieal thes morning there was a not o sadmensse nderbuk and sturn condemation tbut made many of the members paile with self acusation or with inwered anger
	layer_4: and althroug his impassion appealed this morning there was anoto sadnens and reviuke and sterne condamation thut made many of the member's pale with self acusation or with inwerd anger
	layer_6: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a noteife sadness and rebuke and sterned condummation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or withinward anger
	layer_8: and all through his impassiond appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_10: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger
	layer_12: and all through his impassioned appeal this morning there was a note of sadness and rebuke and stern condemnation that made many of the members pale with self accusation or with inward anger

file: 4323-13259-0002.flac
expected: raymond had voted to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_2: rameen had botid to continnou fori another year the sablo
	layer_4: ramend had boated to continyou for another year the silue
	layer_6: raymon head boated to continue for another year the suln
	layer_8: raymond had boted to continue for another year the subloon
	layer_10: raymond had boded to continue for another year the saloon
	layer_12: raymond had boded to continue for another year the saloon

file: 4323-13259-0003.flac
expected: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_2: the cristions of ramand stad cn dend by ther result
	layer_4: the christions of ram andstd condemed by the result
	layer_6: the christians of raiman stood condemned by the result
	layer_8: the christians of raymon stood condemned by the result
	layer_10: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result
	layer_12: the christians of raymond stood condemned by the result

file: 4323-13259-0004.flac
expected: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_2: for that had been the facten ramemand for years he solun rult
	layer_4: for that had bee the fact ind ramend for yearce the soloon ruled
	layer_6: for that had been the fact in raymon for yearse the saloon ruled
	layer_8: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_10: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled
	layer_12: for that had been the fact in raymond for years the saloon ruled

file: 4323-13259-0005.flac
expected: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_2: hresidan't marhe s tat ther his husual ireac tancsom rrm right self compid im aring all gon his head bout upon his brest the great ears roling down his cheeks unmainfhulofd the facke that neverd bhefore ha he shown outar d a motion in aupublick survis
	layer_4: presidnt marshe tat there his usual eract hansome irm wright self compidint baring all gon his head bout upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmandfhull of the fact that nevered before head he showne outware tomotion in a puvblic servis
	layer_6: president marshe that there his usual irecet  handsome firm wright self confident bearing all gon his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmiindful of the fact that never beforehad he shown outwar demotion in a public service
	layer_8: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm right self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he showne outward emotion in a public service
	layer_10: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service
	layer_12: president marsh sat there his usual erect handsome firm bright self confident bearing all gone his head bowed upon his breast the great tears rolling down his cheeks unmindful of the fact that never before had he shown outward emotion in a public service

file: 4323-13259-0006.flac
expected: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_2: what if he had begun t to as jesus whort have don mlong ago
	layer_4: what if he had begun to do was jesus woad have don long ago
	layer_6: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_8: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_10: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago
	layer_12: what if he had begun to do as jesus would have done long ago

file: 4323-13259-0007.flac
expected: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_2: wene had the firs thurch yeld le to such abat his im oftears
	layer_4: when had the first church yielde to such abacpt hism of tears
	layer_6: when had the first church yielded to such a bape ism of tears
	layer_8: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_10: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears
	layer_12: when had the first church yielded to such a baptism of tears

file: 4323-13259-0008.flac
expected: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_2: what hat become of hits reguler precice conventional order of survice undesterved by any volger amotion and unmoved by any fou lish eccihtment
	layer_4: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of survice undesterved by any vulgar amotion and unmoved by any foolish eccitement
	layer_6: what it become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturved by any vulgaremotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_8: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_10: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement
	layer_12: what had become of its regular precise conventional order of service undisturbed by any vulgar emotion and unmoved by any foolish excitement

file: 4323-13259-0009.flac
expected: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_2: they had been living so long on theire serfhisfaelingse that they had almost forgoutain the deper wells of li
	layer_4: they had been living so long on their surfasfeelings that they had almost forgoten the deeper wells of ly
	layer_6: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of lif
	layer_8: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_10: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life
	layer_12: they had been living so long on their surface feelings that they had almost forgotten the deeper wells of life

file: 4323-13259-0010.flac
expected: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whiskey power in raymond that would break its reign forever
	layer_2: the meating was tender at glodewith the spiar its pesencs it was alive wats stong and lasing ras olvf to be gin a ware on the wiscy power and ramento that would brak ets rain for ever
	layer_4: the meeting was tender it gloaed wath the spir its presence it was a live was stong and lasting res olve to begin a war on the wisky power and ramento that would briake its rain for ever
	layer_6: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolved to begin a war on the whisky power and raymon that would break its rain for ever
	layer_8: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirits presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raymond that would break its rain for ever
	layer_10: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power and raymond that would break its rein for ever
	layer_12: the meeting was tender it glowed with the spirit's presence it was alive with strong and lasting resolve to begin a war on the whisky power an raymond that would break its rein for ever

file: 4323-13259-0011.flac
expected: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_2: sins thefirstd sune they when the first company abolintears had pleache themsels to do whs geses wouth dow thet different meting s had been caractr is by destint impulses ar impressions
	layer_4: since the first sudtey when the first company ofbolenters had pledge themselvfs to do as jes us would do the different meetings had been caracter isd by distinct impulses or impressionced
	layer_6: since the first sunday when the first company of volunters had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been character ized by distinct impulses or impressionsed
	layer_8: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_10: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions
	layer_12: since the first sunday when the first company of volunteers had pledged themselves to do as jesus would do the different meetings had been characterized by distinct impulses or impressions

file: 4323-13259-0012.flac
expected: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon and its awful curse
	layer_2: and altor it ran one genneral cri for deliverences anm the solon in itsoful curse
	layer_4: and alteorwit ran one general cryi for deliverance from the solone aind its owful curse
	layer_6: and altruewh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_8: and all throegh it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_10: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse
	layer_12: and all through it ran one general cry for deliverance from the saloon in its awful curse

file: 4323-13259-0013.flac
expected: gray and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what loreen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_2: grai in his wi for be seeachd byin quirs who one ted to now what lorians frends an aquaintinces werexpected to dou im paing nheir ost rspets to her
	layer_4: griain his wie for beceached by enquirs who wanded to know what lorian's friends and acquaintances wexpected to do in paing ther lasterespects to her
	layer_6: grey and his wife were besieghed by inquirers who wanded to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do impaying their last respects to her
	layer_8: grey and his wife were besieeched by inquirers who wanted to know what larian's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_10: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what laureen's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her
	layer_12: grey and his wife were besieged by inquirers who wanted to know what lauren's friends and acquaintances were expected to do in paying their last respects to her

file: 4323-13259-0014.flac
expected: gray had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_2: gray had gon uc to vreginiecs and after talking atover with her and maxbal erange ment had be maide
	layer_4: gray had gone up to vrginiens and after talking itd over with her and maxwil herrangement had been made
	layer_6: grey had gone up to virginius and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been mad
	layer_8: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her and maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_10: gray had gone up to virginias and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made
	layer_12: grey had gone up to virginia's and after talking it over with her in maxwell the arrangement had been made

file: 4323-13259-0015.flac
expected: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its great sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew loreen is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxwell
	layer_2: i am and il was have been upose alarge puplich funeral saigray whoscomplat hulsome s imflicitavf carcter was one of its greates sorcses of strinth but the cri of the por craturs wo new lorin as so ernes that i dud not now hadter o fse the tesir to see her and pa her for body some las blittle honoer what do uthing mister maxsbal
	layer_4: i am and alwas have been uposed salarge pubplic funerals said griy whos complate holsome simplicity of caracter was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new lorine as so earnes that i dod not now had her afused thes esire to see her and pay her poor body some last blittle honur what do youthink mister maxbll
	layer_6: i am and always have been opposed a large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who new laurine is so earnest that i did not know how to refused this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxvell
	layer_8: i am and always have been opposed a large public funerals said gray whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lourene is so earnest that i diod not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honor what do you think mister maxvel
	layer_10: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lauren is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwvell
	layer_12: i am and always have been opposed to large public funerals said grey whose complete wholesome simplicity of character was one of its greatest sources of strength but the cry of the poor creatures who knew lauren is so earnest that i do not know how to refuse this desire to see her and pay her poor body some last little honour what do you think mister maxwvell

file: 4323-13259-0016.flac
expected: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_2: i wil the goted by your gechren an e matter
	layer_4: i will be goded by your  jusrent in the matter
	layer_6: i will be guided by your gugment in the matter
	layer_8: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter
	layer_10: i will be guided by your judgment in the matter
	layer_12: i will be guided by your judgement in the matter

file: 4323-13259-0017.flac
expected: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_2: i am shure that what ever you an mis pake think est will byo right
	layer_4: i am sure that what ever you and miss page think best will be wrigt
	layer_6: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be righte
	layer_8: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_10: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right
	layer_12: i am sure that whatever you and miss page think best will be right

file: 4323-13259-0018.flac
expected: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_2: under the circumsances i have a great os tased for what seenm like desplay at suche times tbut thi seemsdifferent
	layer_4: under the circumsances i have a great dis tasted for what seeme like display at such times but this sems different
	layer_6: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_8: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_10: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different
	layer_12: under the circumstances i have a great distaste for what seems like display at such times but this seems different

file: 4323-13259-0019.flac
expected: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raymond on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_2: it happen the that afternon a some wat notad nese paporcorseon it was passing di ram andof his way to hen e otoril commention inthe neyghbering sity
	layer_4: it happened that that afternon a somewhat noted nese papercoreson it was passing ti gramendt on his way to an etatorial convention in he neighbouring city
	layer_6: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted neespaper correspondet was passing thug graiyment on his way to an editorial convention in e neighbouring city
	layer_8: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing trugh reyment on his way to an editorial convention in tha neighbouring city
	layer_10: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raigment on his way to an editorial convention in a neighboring city
	layer_12: it happened that that afternoon a somewhat noted newspaper correspondent was passing through raiment on his way to an editorial convention in ta neighbouring city

file: 4323-13259-0020.flac
expected: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services at the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metropolitan church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_2: she was a common stret drunckered and yet the servis us at thetent were is im pressif as anyi ever witnestin amettur paliod in churce ofer the most do singuish siticon
	layer_4: she was a commond street drunquerd and yet the servac his ot the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessd an a metur pal idind church over the most dis singuished sitizon
	layer_6: she was a common street drunkared and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a meturpoulitan church over the most disinguished citizen
	layer_8: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a metur politon church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_10: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measur politon church over the most distinguished citizen
	layer_12: she was a common street drunkard and yet the services of the tent were as impressive as any i ever witnessed in a measure politin church over the most distinguished citizen

file: 4323-13259-0021.flac
expected: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_2: it sruckt me of course being istranger i the place with considherable stonishment to hear voss like those one naturallexpect to her only in great turches ar consets at suchi madting is this
	layer_4: its struct me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable  stonishment to here vocses like those one naturall xspects to here only en great churches ore concercts at such a meting is this
	layer_6: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such ai meting is this
	layer_8: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_10: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this
	layer_12: it struck me of course being a stranger in the place with considerable astonishment to hear voices like those one naturally expects to hear only in great churches or concerts at such a meeting as this

file: 4323-13259-0022.flac
expected: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_2: mister makwall spoke ot the facthat the dad woman had ben fully prpared togo but he sokan ot peculiarly sensit hivf maner of the affect of the licker bisnes som ae lives if man an wymen lihke this an
	layer_4: mister mawill spoe af the fact that the dead woman had been fully prpaired togo but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the licker busines s om helives of men and womand like this one
	layer_6: mister max well spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoken a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women liked this one
	layer_8: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spok in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_10: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one
	layer_12: mister maxwell spoke of the fact that the dead woman had been fully prepared to go but he spoke in a peculiarly sensitive manner of the effect of the liquor business on the lives of men and women like this one

file: 4323-13259-0023.flac
expected: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_2: ramend of corse being a ravroadtoun an the csenter of the great paking interoes for the s regien is ful of solonts
	layer_4: rament of course being arravr ad town and the center of the great packing interes for the s region is full of soloons
	layer_6: raymond of course being a railrod town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_8: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centre of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_10: raymond of course being a railroad town and the centr of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons
	layer_12: raymond of course being a railroad town an the centr of the great packing interests for this region is full of saloons

file: 4323-13259-0024.flac
expected: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_2: thenfollowed what was perhaps the creer part of thes strange survie
	layer_4: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of the strange service
	layer_6: then followed what was perhaps the queeer part of thi strange service
	layer_8: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_10: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service
	layer_12: then followed what was perhaps the queer part of this strange service

file: 4323-13259-0025.flac
expected: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_2: it was one of the semplist and at the same time one of the most himpressif sites i ever witnest
	layer_4: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most imprecive sits i ever witnes
	layer_6: it was one of the simpblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sites i ever witnessed
	layer_8: it was one of the simblest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_10: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed
	layer_12: it was one of the simplest and at the same time one of the most impressive sights i ever witnessed

file: 4323-13259-0026.flac
expected: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_2: there musta been a hundared of thiese woman and i was told many of them had been convirted at the medings tist resently
	layer_4: there must have ben a hundred of these woman and i was told many of them had ben converted at the metings just recently
	layer_6: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_8: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_10: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently
	layer_12: there must have been a hundred of these women and i was told many of them had been converted at the meetings just recently

file: 4323-55228-0000.flac
expected: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_2: the nexmoment he fel bakan amaizsment befor the inpetuousrush of a stariy ied flush chek deyoung roman who demanded
	layer_4: the next moment he fell back and amazement before the inpetuous rush of a story eyd flush chek e young roman who demanded
	layer_6: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a storry eyed flush cheek young woman who demanded
	layer_8: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_10: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded
	layer_12: the next moment he fell back in amazement before the impetuous rush of a starry eyed flushed cheeked young woman who demanded

file: 4323-55228-0001.flac
expected: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_2: whe re is he peet mis boly gasked the od man
	layer_4: where is e peat miss billy gased the old man
	layer_6: where is he peat miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_8: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_10: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man
	layer_12: where is he pete miss billy gasped the old man

file: 4323-55228-0002.flac
expected: aunt hannah's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_2: int han is sheks too were flushed an heris story but woith dismay and anger the lastd because she did not like the way peat had said miss billies name
	layer_4: an't han as cheeks too were flushed and her is storry but with do smay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billy's name
	layer_6: aunt hannas cheeks too were flushed in her eyes storry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peat had said miss billy's name
	layer_8: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way peate had said miss billy's name
	layer_10: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name
	layer_12: aunt hanna's cheeks too were flushed and her eyes starry but with dismay and anger the last because she did not like the way pete had said miss billy's name

file: 4323-55228-0003.flac
expected: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_2: it was one matter for hearto habject to tha s thing vily was doin but quida nother for peak to do it of coursits she
	layer_4: it was one matter for her to object to thes thing billy was doing but qui another for peat to do it of course it's she
	layer_6: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for peatk to do it of course it's she
	layer_8: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_10: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she
	layer_12: it was one matter for her to object to this thing billy was doing but quite another for pete to do it of course it's she

file: 4323-55228-0004.flac
expected: retorted aunt hannah testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_2: retorted aint hannatestlly as if you your solftnfrin her her with your crasy messagisait ths time of night pet wheriousy
	layer_4: retorted an't hannattestily as if you yourselftn fring her her with your crasy messages it this time of night pet werise
	layer_6: retorted aunt hannatestily as if you yourself tant fring her here with your crazy messages at this time of knight peat whereis he
	layer_8: retorted aunt han a testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_10: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he
	layer_12: retorted aunt hanna testily as if you yourself didn't bring her here with your crazy messages at this time of night pete where is he

file: 4323-55228-0005.flac
expected: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_2: int er pose billy tell misterbr tur i ame hear or wate illokoreitid in su priseit
	layer_4: interposed billy tell mister berter my am heare or wait i'co riated int surprise hit
	layer_6: interposed billy tell mister burtur i am here or wait i'll go wrightend ind surprise him
	layer_8: interposed billy tell mister bertrm i am here or wait i'll go right i and surprise him
	layer_10: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him
	layer_12: interposed billy tell mister bertram i am here or wait i'll go right in and surprise him

file: 4323-55228-0006.flac
expected: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_2: peac had r coveredhimself by dnow but ehe dd not yven glaince wora ant hana
	layer_4: pet had recovered himself by now but he did no even glanced war dant hanna
	layer_6: pet had recovered himself by now but he did not even glanced tward aunt hanna
	layer_8: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hana
	layer_10: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah
	layer_12: pete had recovered himself by now but he did not even glance toward aunt hannah

file: 4323-55228-0007.flac
expected: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_2: miss billy miss billy your an anjul strakte from haven you arn you are o o'm so glad you came
	layer_4: miss billy miss billy your an angeull strike from heaven you are you are o i'm so glad you came
	layer_6: miss billy miss billy ur an angel striht from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_8: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_10: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straiht from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came
	layer_12: miss billy miss billy you're an angel straight from heaven you are you are oh i'm so glad you came

file: 4323-55228-0008.flac
expected: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_2: itill be a righte dn ow a right hesan the ded misspilly
	layer_4: it'll be all right now all right he sin the den mis billy
	layer_6: it'll be all right now all right he sen the den miss billy
	layer_8: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_10: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy
	layer_12: it'll be all right now all right he's in the den miss billy

file: 4323-55228-0009.flac
expected: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_2: villy turne eagurly but befor she could take so mugchas onecstapt owared the dorat the ando the heal nt hannas indignant voicarrestid her bely sto
	layer_4: villy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as oncesteptoward the door at the endo the hall ant hann as indignant voiceherested her billis stop
	layer_6: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step oward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannas indignant voice errested her billy' stop
	layer_8: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hanna's indignant voice arrested her billys stop
	layer_10: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop
	layer_12: billy turned eagerly but before she could take so much as one step toward the door at the end of the hall aunt hannah's indignant voice arrested her billy stop

file: 4323-55228-0010.flac
expected: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_2: peat go tel your master that we r hear and askif hoeu wl receve us peat's lips twiched
	layer_4: peat go tell your master that we ar here and askif hou will receive us petes lips twitched
	layer_6: peat go tell your master that we are here and ask if you will receive us peats lips twitched
	layer_8: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us peate's lips twitched
	layer_10: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched
	layer_12: pete go tell your master that we are here and ask if he will receive us pete's lips twitched

file: 4323-55228-0011.flac
expected: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_2: but his face was preaterd naturaly grayve when he spok
	layer_4: but his face was preter nanturally grave when he spok
	layer_6: but his face was preter naturally grave when he spoke
	layer_8: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_10: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke
	layer_12: but his face was preternaturally grave when he spoke

file: 4323-55228-0012.flac
expected: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on its knees by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_2: a fing fi your brushed by him nd dell onat sesed by the cout oit the lo cry berhrims ises flew wopen
	layer_4: a flying fig your brushed by him andfelloni sesed by the cout fwith a low cry birtraims eys flew open
	layer_6: a flying figoure brushed by him and fell on it sesed by the couch with a low cry bertrams eyes flew open
	layer_8: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seized by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_10: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seze by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open
	layer_12: a flying figure brushed by him and fell on it seeze by the couch with a low cry bertram's eyes flew open

file: 4323-55228-0013.flac
expected: dong ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_2: dongling found im therominut lateher polishing a silfitiesepon with a fringhe napkon that a been spread ovr burtrmstry
	layer_4: dongling found him there a minut later polishing a sylfrteaspoon with a fringe napkin that had been spread over burhrms try
	layer_6: dong ling found him ther a minate later polishing a silverteaspoond with a fringh napkin that had been spread over berctrams tray
	layer_8: dog ling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringe knapkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_10: doling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray
	layer_12: dogling found him there a minute later polishing a silver teaspoon with a fringed napkin that had been spread over bertram's tray

file: 4323-55228-0014.flac
expected: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's gray linen duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_2: in the hall abo than't hanna was crying into will am sgriy len andduster that hung omn the hall rack ant han as hankrachife was on the for bac at heil sid
	layer_4: in the hall above an't hanna was crying into williamsgrylin and duster that hung on the hall rack ant han as handkrechif was on the flor backet hellside
	layer_6: in the hall above ant hanna was crying into william's graylan and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor backat hellside
	layer_8: in the hall above aunt hanna was crying into williams grylan and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hanna's handkerchief was on the floor back at hillside
	layer_10: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's greylynd and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side
	layer_12: in the hall above aunt hannah was crying into william's greylyn and duster that hung on the hall rack aunt hannah's handkerchief was on the floor back at hill side

file: 4323-55228-0015.flac
expected: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained in it all
	layer_2: then very gragwally it dondover thand that ther was after all something strange on on exlain ed eadall
	layer_4: then very gradally it dand over them that their was after all something strange and un excplaindid ant all
	layer_6: then very gradually it downe over them that there was after all something strange and unexplaind it it all
	layer_8: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it iat all
	layer_10: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all
	layer_12: then very gradually it dawned over them that there was after all something strange and unexplained it at all

file: 4323-55228-0016.flac
expected: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_2: as if to make ture that she was hear like this he do hrievin cloaser br tin was so thankcful thety ded have one arm that wos usible
	layer_4: as if to make sure that she was here like this he do her even closer birta was so thankful tit idid have one arm that was usable
	layer_6: as if to make sure that she was here like this he de her even closer bertin was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_8: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertan was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_10: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable
	layer_12: as if to make sure that she was here like this he drew her even closer bertram was so thankful that he did have one arm that was usable

file: 4323-55228-0017.flac
expected: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_2: why o of course stamored bielly i could't hel thinking that may be you had found out you didn' want me
	layer_4: why a of course stamourd billiy i couldn't help thinking that may be you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_6: why of of course stamoered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_8: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_10: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me
	layer_12: why of of course stammered billy i couldn't help thinking that maybe you had found out you didn't want me

file: 4323-55228-0018.flac
expected: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_2: te maneded birt om angry n mistifide
	layer_4: demanded birhrim angry and mistifiede
	layer_6: demanded bertriam angry and mystified
	layer_8: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_10: demanded bertram angry and mystified
	layer_12: demanded bertram angry and mystified

file: 4323-55228-0019.flac
expected: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete dearie
	layer_2: as for my not painting agin youdidn tnunderstand pet deary
	layer_4: as for my not painting again you didn unders tand pet dery
	layer_6: as for mi not painting again you didn't understand pet deary
	layer_8: as for mi not painting again you didn't understand pete deary
	layer_10: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deari
	layer_12: as for my not painting again you didn't understand pete deari

file: 4323-55228-0020.flac
expected: she pulled herself half away from bertram's encircling arm
	layer_2: she puld er selft half away from brchhms ind sirctling orm
	layer_4: she puled her self half away from brachims and circkling arm
	layer_6: she puled herself half away from britchams in circling arm
	layer_8: she pulled herself half away from brdgham's an circling arm
	layer_10: she pulled herself half away from bridgham's encircling arm
	layer_12: she pulled herself half away from bridgeham's encircling arm

file: 4323-55228-0021.flac
expected: billy drew a quivering sigh
	layer_2: bitly dou a quivering si
	layer_4: billy deur a quifering sih
	layer_6: billyd your a quivering sigh
	layer_8: billydyou a quivering sigh
	layer_10: billy dyour a quivering sigh
	layer_12: billyd your a quivering sigh

file: 4323-55228-0022.flac
expected: good heavens is kate in this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_2: godhavans is tait an this too brtromns voise was savage now
	layer_4: good heavens is cate an this too birtums voice wash savage now
	layer_6: good heavens is ckate an this too bertham's voice wis savage now
	layer_8: good heavens is kate an this too berthram's voice was savage now
	layer_10: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now
	layer_12: good heavens is kate and this too bertram's voice was savage now

file: 4323-55228-0023.flac
expected: well she wrote a letter
	layer_2: wel see froet a lettter
	layer_4: well she rot a letter
	layer_6: well she rote a letter
	layer_8: well she wrote a letter
	layer_10: well she wrote a letter
	layer_12: well she wrote a letter

file: 4323-55228-0024.flac
expected: billy laughed gayly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_2: buille lact galy but she shifted hr position and did not met her loversise
	layer_4: billy laughed galy but she shifted her position and did not meat her loverseys
	layer_6: billy laughed gatly but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_8: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_10: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes
	layer_12: billy laughed gaily but she shifted her position and did not meet her lover's eyes

file: 4323-55228-0025.flac
expected: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_2: and you never dod think foro minut billy that you cared for him
	layer_4: and you never did think fo minute illi that you cared for him
	layer_6: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_8: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_10: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him
	layer_12: and you never did think for a minute billy that you cared for him

file: 4323-55228-0026.flac
expected: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_2: he had not men slow o marke cets with lowwering o her ileds
	layer_4: he had not been sloedo mark that s with lowering onf her eisleds
	layer_6: he had not been slow to mark that swit lowering of her eyelods
	layer_8: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_10: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids
	layer_12: he had not been slow to mark that swift lowering of her eyelids

file: 4323-55228-0027.flac
expected: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwright's
	layer_2: belle was so glad bertrima turind the question ont herlof in steat of arkrights
	layer_4: billy was so glad birtrim a turn the question on hurelove in stead of ourkrigts
	layer_6: billy was so glad berthram had turned the question on herr love instead of aurkrights
	layer_8: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of arkwrights
	layer_10: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of ark wrights
	layer_12: billy was so glad bertram had turned the question on her love instead of ark wrights

file: 4323-55228-0028.flac
expected: after a minute billy stirred and sighed happily
	layer_2: afteriminut billy stured and sie halftly
	layer_4: after aminut billy stired and side halfily
	layer_6: after a minute billy stirred in side halfily
	layer_8: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfly
	layer_10: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily
	layer_12: after a minute billy stirred and sighed halfily

file: 4323-55228-0029.flac
expected: you see i wasn't in love with mister arkwright
	layer_2: you se i was in n mov with mister ar cright
	layer_4: you see i wasn' in love with mister our cright
	layer_6: you see i wasn't in love with mister ar cright
	layer_8: you see i wasn't in love with mister rr criht
	layer_10: you see i wasn't in love with mister rcright
	layer_12: you see i wasn't in love with mister arcright

file: 4323-55228-0030.flac
expected: and and you didn't care specially for for miss winthrop
	layer_2: and and youdidn' car spesiall ly for frm mis wintr
	layer_4: and and you din't cari specially for for is winthra
	layer_6: and and you didn't careit specially fort for his wintro
	layer_8: and and you didn't care  specially for for mis win drep
	layer_10: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintrop
	layer_12: and and you didn't care specially for for miss wintrop

file: 4323-55228-0031.flac
expected: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_2: bule put asotfing er on his lips
	layer_4: billy put asout finger on his lips
	layer_6: billy put a souht finger on his lips
	layer_8: billy put a sot finger on his lips
	layer_10: billy put a soft finger on his lips
	layer_12: billy put a soft finger on his lips

file: 4323-55228-0032.flac
expected: bertram kissed the finger and subsided humph he commented
	layer_2: vircthr b kissetd the fhing ger ins obsidt fom he comtmint
	layer_4: virtub kisse the finger ancsobsided f he comtmintit
	layer_6: vertum kissed the finger and subsided u he comtminut
	layer_8: vertrab kissed the finger and subsid it hump he comented
	layer_10: bertrumbe kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented
	layer_12: bertrumbe kissed the finger and subsided hump he commented

file: 4323-55228-0033.flac
expected: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_2: whill what his tha his that cat too dhe manded ber hrim grimly
	layer_4: while what is that as that cate too demanded birthrim grimly
	layer_6: wele what is that is that kate too demanded burtram grimly
	layer_8: well what is that is that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_10: well what is that as that kate too demanded bertram grimly
	layer_12: well what is that as that kate too demanded bertram grimly

file: 4323-55228-0034.flac
expected: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_2: there was a note silentce then sudvenly brchrim stird
	layer_4: there was another silence then suddenly birh rimstird
	layer_6: there was another silence then suddenly burchramstired
	layer_8: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_10: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred
	layer_12: there was another silence then suddenly bertram stirred

file: 4323-55228-0035.flac
expected: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_2: billy 'm goin amary you to marrow he a noncst decicively
	layer_4: billy i'm going amarry you to morrow he anounce decisively
	layer_6: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_8: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_10: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively
	layer_12: billy i'm going to marry you to morrow he announced decisively

file: 4323-55228-0036.flac
expected: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_2: i don't know as i con treust you hout of my sight till then you'll reeed somethin or hear something oer gin e lette from cate after brekfis to marm morni that wil setc you saving me again and i don't wat to be sad that way
	layer_4: i don't know as i can treust you hout o my sight till then you'l red something or hear something ore geit a letter from cate ofter breakfase to morowmorning that will sec you saveing me again and i don't want to be sayed that way
	layer_6: i don't know as i cantrust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_8: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_10: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way
	layer_12: i don't know as i can trust you out of my sight till then you'll read something or hear something or get a letter from kate after breakfast to morrow morning that will set you saving me again and i don't want to be saved that way

file: 4323-55228-0037.flac
expected: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_2: i'm going a mar you to maorow'git he stot shorit with a suden' frown cont bound that ly forgot
	layer_4: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'l get he stoe shor t with a sudden' froun con' found that l i forgot
	layer_6: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frownd con found that lawi forgot
	layer_8: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_10: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot
	layer_12: i'm going to marry you to morrow i'll get he stopped short with a sudden frown confound that law i forgot

file: 4323-55228-0038.flac
expected: five days indeed sir
	layer_2: five dasandeter
	layer_4: five days indeed tir
	layer_6: five days indeed sir
	layer_8: five days indeed sir
	layer_10: five days indeed sir
	layer_12: five days indeed sir

file: 4323-55228-0039.flac
expected: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_2: i wonder  you thinki kin get ready to be marid imfive dayse
	layer_4: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married an five days
	layer_6: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married him five days
	layer_8: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_10: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days
	layer_12: i wonder if you think i can get ready to be married in five days

file: 4323-55228-0040.flac
expected: don't want you to get ready retorted bertram promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_2: don't want shou to gite ready retorted bir hrom proumly i som mare yavereadyand i had all i want et of it
	layer_4: don't want syou to give ready retorted bierhrimpromly i som mare iv ready and i had all i wantet of it
	layer_6: don't want you to geve ready retorted bertrampromptly i sawm marie it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_8: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran promptly i saw marie it ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_10: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it
	layer_12: don't want you to get ready retorted bertran promptly i saw marie get ready and i had all i wanted of it

file: 4323-55228-0041.flac
expected: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doilies and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_2: if you realy mus have al thers miles of tavble closs and nackins an doiliys nd lace rouftlings wil to at afterwards not befor but
	layer_4: if you really must have all thos miles of table clostsand nap kins and doylyes and lace srutlings will do at afterwards not before but
	layer_6: if you really must have all those miles of table cloths and napkins and doylies and laces rufhlings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_8: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyliys and lace rufflings will do it afterwards not before but
	layer_10: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyleys and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but
	layer_12: if you really must have all those miles of tablecloths and napkins and doyleys and lace rufflings we'll do it afterwards not before but

file: 4323-55228-0042.flac
expected: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_2: besigedes i negyou to tate care of me cut imberchrom craftly
	layer_4: besides i ned you to take care of me cut inberch im craftily
	layer_6: besides i need you to take care of me cut inbercham craftily
	layer_8: besides i need you to take care of me cut in berthram craftily
	layer_10: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily
	layer_12: besides i need you to take care of me cut in bertram craftily

file: 4323-55228-0043.flac
expected: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_2: the tender cglo one billys face til it son story and brchrimseager eis were not slowte of edit
	layer_4: the tender glow on billys face told it son story and birchrims eager eyes were not slowde of read it
	layer_6: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berchrams eager eyes were not slowd to read it
	layer_8: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and berthram's eager eyes were not slow to reat it
	layer_10: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it
	layer_12: the tender glow on billy's face told its own story and bertram's eager eyes were not slow to read it

file: 4323-55228-0044.flac
expected: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_2: swed art see hear dear he criedsoftly tihtening his good beftdoarm
	layer_4: swet eart see heare dear he cried softly tightening his god left arm
	layer_6: sweet art see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_8: sweet heart see her dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_10: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm
	layer_12: sweetheart see here dear he cried softly tightening his good left arm

file: 4323-55228-0045.flac
expected: billy my dear
	layer_2: bella mydeher
	layer_4: belly my deher
	layer_6: billy my der
	layer_8: billy my der
	layer_10: billy my dear
	layer_12: billy my dear

file: 4323-55228-0046.flac
expected: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_2: it was ant han as plaindt od voice ith the doarway o litte later
	layer_4: it was aunt han as plainto voice ith the darway al little later
	layer_6: it was aunt hannas plaintivd voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_8: it was aunt hann's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_10: it was aunt hanna's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later
	layer_12: it was aunt hannah's plaintive voice at the doorway a little later

file: 4323-55228-0047.flac
expected: we must go home and william is here too and wants to see you
	layer_2: we must go homant will yu us here two and mons to see you
	layer_4: we must go home ant will yuv mis here two and oncst to see you
	layer_6: we must go home and will youve as here two and wants to see you
	layer_8: we must go home and willum is here to and wants to see you
	layer_10: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you
	layer_12: we must go home and willium is here too and wants to see you

file: 4323-55228-0048.flac
expected: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_2: you menat ol be befor oktove
	layer_4: you meang attll be before oxtoper
	layer_6: you meanit'll be before oxtover
	layer_8: you mean iti'll be before oxtover
	layer_10: you mean it'll be before october
	layer_12: you mean it'll be before october

file: 4323-55228-0049.flac
expected: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_2: a't hana glanse from wone to the other an scertainly
	layer_4: ant han a glanced from one to the other un certainly
	layer_6: aunt hana glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_8: aunt hanna glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_10: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly
	layer_12: aunt hannah glanced from one to the other uncertainly

file: 4323-55228-0050.flac
expected: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_2: yes noded billy to mearly
	layer_4: yas noted billy do merly
	layer_6: yes nodded billy demerely
	layer_8: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_10: yes nodded billy demurely
	layer_12: yes nodded billy demurely

file: 4323-55228-0051.flac
expected: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram airily
	layer_2: yesi now that is a goot wile cut in burtemarly
	layer_4: yes i know that is a good while cat in birtrimerily
	layer_6: yes i know that is a good while cutin berchrimarily
	layer_8: yes i know that is a good while cu in bertramerrily
	layer_10: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertramerrily
	layer_12: yes i know that is a good while cut in bertram merrily

file: 4323-55228-0052.flac
expected: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new license law
	layer_2: we wontded it tomorow but whe had t await un accut of the new lictons lea
	layer_4: we wanded it to morrow but we had tawait on accout of the new licincs la
	layer_6: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licin'sla
	layer_8: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licenslaw
	layer_10: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licencse law
	layer_12: we wanted it to morrow but we had to wait on account of the new licence law

file: 1630-102884-0000.flac
expected: in my recent travels in the west i have felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_2: and migh reas an travls in the west i felld that out ther freaedem as an ig dear has becomn feber and enefectual
	layer_4: and my reas an travls in the vest i felt that out there freadom as an idear has becone feebl and inifactual
	layer_6: in my reason travels in the vest i felt that out there freedom as an idea has becom feble and inefectual
	layer_8: in my reacen travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea hath become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_10: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea has become feeble and ineffectual
	layer_12: in my recent travels in the west i felt that out there freedom as an idea hash become feeble and ineffectual

file: 1630-102884-0001.flac
expected: the same thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_2: the feamnething of having now wit the pepl of the rest
	layer_4: the fame thing ats havening now with the people of the west
	layer_6: the fame thing is havening now with the people of the west
	layer_8: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_10: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west
	layer_12: the fame thing is happening now with the people of the west

file: 1630-102884-0002.flac
expected: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_2: they a flaterd into bleving that the a fre and they have the solverin p in the hans
	layer_4: they a flatterd into believing that they afree and they have the sover in pa in the hands
	layer_6: theyare flattered into beliving that they arefree and they have the sovereign por in thei hands
	layer_8: theyare flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign pire in their hands
	layer_10: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands
	layer_12: they are flattered into believing that they are free and they have the sovereign power in their hands

file: 1630-102884-0003.flac
expected: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal of freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the west
	layer_2: tas it has becoe more and mor evedin to me that the idyl o freed him haes grown tenoous in th ad mis fur of the vest
	layer_4: hus it has become more and more evden to me that the ideal o freed him has gron tenuous in the atmosfiear of the vast
	layer_6: thus it has become more and more evden to me that the ideal arefreedom hats grown tenuous in the admosphiere of the vest
	layer_8: thush it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal ore freedom hath grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the wvest
	layer_10: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal ore freedom has grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest
	layer_12: thus it has become more and more evident to me that the ideal ore freedom hash grown tenuous in the atmosphere of the vest

file: 1630-102884-0004.flac
expected: the mentality is that of a slave owning community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commercial and political treadmill
	layer_2: the mintarlity as that offrslave onin community but am meu tlated molg tured of men ti to ad scomotl andfpileto gll tredme
	layer_4: the mentality as that offaslave on in community wut homu tlated moltteured of men tid to at scommosial and pilitigl treadmil
	layer_6: the mentality as that office lave own in community with a mutelated multtuard of men tied to hatscommotioal and pfalitical tredmil
	layer_8: the mentality is that of a slave own incommunity with amutuilated multitud of men tied to its commotionl and political treadmill
	layer_10: the mentality is that of a slave own in community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotional and political treadmill
	layer_12: the mentality is that of a slave own in community with a mutilated multitude of men tied to its commotional and political treadmille

file: 1630-102884-0005.flac
expected: he who cares to have slaves must chain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builds walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his moral right to it
	layer_2: he who casdto houvsleas mus chan him self to them he who bils macs to greadexsflution for others bilts a sacrosse son fredon he whod difs trus pfreed em in athers  lunse es marlulnd right to et
	layer_4: he who cas to hose lavs must chane himself to them he who bils wals to creat exclution for others bills wval s ecross e son freeden he ho distrus freedhem in others loses as mareld wright to it
	layer_6: he who cars to hevese leaves must chain himself to them he who buils walls to createxclusion for others bills wals across his own freeden he who distrust freetom inothers looseses marld right to it
	layer_8: he who cares to have s leaves must jhain himself to them he who buils walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedomn he who distrust freedom in others loses his morald right to it
	layer_10: he who cares to have sleaves must jain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his mordeled right to it
	layer_12: he who cares to have sleaves must jain himself to them he who builds walls to create exclusion for others builts walls across his own freedom he who distrusts freedom in others loses his mordled right to it

file: 1630-102884-0006.flac
expected: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_2: han theyquied a tru louge a frethim
	layer_4: ham theyquiret a true lough o freethim
	layer_6: ha they quired ar true loge of freedom
	layer_8: hav they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_10: have they acquired a true love of freedom
	layer_12: have they acquired a true love of freedom

file: 1630-102884-0007.flac
expected: the great epic of the soul of our people the mahabharata gives us a wonderful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_2: the great a pek ofte selll of erpeple the ma her pidther gif ses abont fllvation of an eroleowing lif fol oftefredim of in quierry an exparomend
	layer_4: the great a pick of te sel of her people the maher pirtor gifsess abont full vision of an evelowing life ful of the freadim of inquiery and expariment
	layer_6: the great epic of the sal of her people the mahar parrater givesus abontiful vision of an everflowing life full of te freedom of inquiery and experiment
	layer_8: the great epic of the seul of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_10: the great epich of the soul of her people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment
	layer_12: the great epich of the soul of heur people the mahaparta gives us a bountiful vision of an overflowing life full of the freedom of inquiry and experiment

file: 1630-102884-0008.flac
expected: when the age of the buddha came humanity was stirred in our country to its uttermost depth
	layer_2: than the aege of the buder kam he manity was thod in or con treto its atim il ste
	layer_4: than the age of the bouder came he manity wals thord in our contry to its atimil stepth
	layer_6: then the age of the boouder came himanity was tord in our country to its atemil step
	layer_8: then the age of the boder came humanity was tored in our country to its utturmal deph
	layer_10: then the age of the buder came humanity was tad in our country to its uttermal sdepth
	layer_12: then the age of the buddhe came humanity was tad in our country to its uttermal sdepth

file: 1630-102884-0009.flac
expected: it hardened into an age of inert construction
	layer_2: ic hardned int an eage if inod construction
	layer_4: itc hardend intoan ege of inod construction
	layer_6: it hardened into an age of iote construction
	layer_8: ithardened into an age of inet construction
	layer_10: it hardened into an age of innert construction
	layer_12: it hardened into an age of innert construction

file: 1630-102884-0010.flac
expected: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_2: there al gany gunity of for theiryd an ilas ticsecity gae ry to conventienal ader bhit's prd ats artificil cariter byd i nex hrabe lo of exclution
	layer_4: the ollganigunity of o verid and elastic secity gave way to conventinal ader whiths prud at artficial carater by ty nexthrubl loo of exclution
	layer_6: the oganicunity of avariad and ilastic society gave way to a conventional older whichsprode at artificial character by it e nexthrable law of exclusion
	layer_8: the organic unity of a varit and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proed it artificial character by it thinnexrable law of exclusion
	layer_10: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion
	layer_12: the organic unity of a varied and elastic society gave way to a conventional order which proved its artificial character by its inexorable law of exclusion

file: 1630-102884-0011.flac
expected: life has its inequalities i admit but they are natural and are in harmony with our vital functions
	layer_2: life ha haet einy qolitis i hadmet but bear nacfrur and ar an harmny bittha vitl fungtions
	layer_4: life hat hit finly qualities i hadmit but bear nathul and ar and hurm ny withthe vitle functions
	layer_6: life hath id anequalities i admit but bear natuul andar andharmny with thour vitale functions
	layer_8: life hath it fin equalities i admit but beaar naturul andar an harmy with our vital functions
	layer_10: life hath it inequalities i admit but bear natural ender andharmony with our vital functions
	layer_12: life hath it inequalities i admit but bear natural ender and harmony with our vital functions

file: 1630-102884-0012.flac
expected: by squeezing human beings in the grip of an inelastic system and forcibly holding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_2: mbys queesing human bings on the greit off an inelasticsustiam and forsibly herlding them fxd me heare e nod the las ofplive an grot
	layer_4: by squesing human beings in the greiap off an ine lasthic sistiom and falcibly helding them fixed mehav icgnod the las of live and grout
	layer_6: by squeaezing human beings in the grap of an inilastic system and farsively helding them fixed whe have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_8: by squeezing human beings in the grupe of an inelastic systrem and falsively hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_10: by squeezing human beings in the groupe of an inelastic system and fulsibly hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth
	layer_12: by squeezing human beings in the groupe of an inelastic system and fulsibly hulding them fixed we have ignored the laws of life and growth

file: 1630-102884-0013.flac
expected: we have forced living souls into a permanent passivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own destiny
	layer_2: be have forsd living solse into rappomen and patsevity madtn them in kepaber of moriding silcomnschense to thearrle intrancic tdesin and of mastring thiroen detne
	layer_4: be have forced living sols into a pemn and pasivity mateng them in kaepivel of muiding silcumstence to therrao interancic desine and of mastring therown destne
	layer_6: we have forced living sels into a pomanan paivity making them incapable of molding cilcumstance to thei row intrancic design and of mastering their own testeony
	layer_8: we have forced living seules into a pomanent pacivity making them incapable of moulding cilcumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testhiony
	layer_10: we have forced living ceuls into a pomanent pastivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny
	layer_12: we have forced living ceuls into a pomanent passtivity making them incapable of moulding circumstance to their own intrinsic design and of mastering their own testiny

file: 1630-102884-0014.flac
expected: our stupefaction has become so absolute that we do not even realise that this persistent misfortune dogging our steps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_2: ast yu pefaction has becomso atsilut that be donot imvn relise that thes besistan mits forton darging us chepsfulr eatues canno be of miar axidened of histre remu ober oly by i noter axiden from otsid
	layer_4: asktou pifaction has becomeso afselute that be do not iven relice that thes pesesten misfortunme dorging us chepsfuor agous cannot be of mr acidend of histry remoob only by enother axciden from outside
	layer_6: ask tupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesestin misfortune dorging us cheps for agos cannot be a mere accident of history remoable only by inother accident from outside
	layer_8: ask toupifactione has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging ors cheps for ages cannot be a mere accident of history remoable only by another accident from outside
	layer_10: ours tupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside
	layer_12: ours tupifaction has become so absolute that we do not even realize that this pesistent misfortune dogging us cheps for ages cannot be o mere accident of history removable only by another accident from outside

file: 1630-102884-0015.flac
expected: they will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting in freedom's cause
	layer_2: thevl be inkapaber of hoiding oarjhust fretom in plitixs and af fiting andfree him s caus
	layer_4: thervillbe in capaber of holding ar just freedom in parlitics and a figting and freedhem scause
	layer_6: there wil be incapabere of holding ar just freedom in parlitics and a fighting and freedom'scause
	layer_8: there will be incapable of holding a just freedom in parlitics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_10: there will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause
	layer_12: there will be incapable of holding a just freedom in politics and of fighting and freedom's cause

file: 1630-102884-0016.flac
expected: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rise to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_2: i chrepresense ther acti as pectifi nouthur whitch haster appiden suf fretim but nort eds trud and therfur gif srice to slavery thouth bihin ats bountres en oudsid
	layer_4: it tret presence the actov aspect offi nehure which haster appurence of fredom but noteds trut and therefore give's rice to slaveory thougth within ats pountrys an outside
	layer_6: e trepresense the active aspect of enoture which hasther appurance of freedom but not ids truth and therefore gives rise to slavery thoth within itsbountris an outside
	layer_8: et represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appurance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery both within its boundaris and outside
	layer_10: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the appearance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery both within its boundaries and outside
	layer_12: it represents the active aspect of inertia which has the apperance of freedom but not its truth and therefore gives rice to slavery both within its boundaries and outside

file: 1630-73710-0000.flac
expected: it is at the foot of woman that we lay the laurels that without her smile would never have been gained it is her image that strings the lyre of the poet that animates our voice in the blaze of eloquent faction and guides our brain in the august toils of stately councils
	layer_2: it is at the foot off oman that be la thelarstat ithout hes mil would never habein gand it isur immagh tat s trins delir of the poat that an meads af waice in the blase of ali confaction and guit so drean in the walgos tails o statly conslrgs
	layer_4: it is at the fot off woman that be lad the larostat bithout hers mile would never habeen gaint it iser image thatstrings delire of the poit that anymats af waise in the blase of eliquinfaction and guide sof dran in the algers toiles of statly counserls
	layer_6: it is at the foot of woman that belaiyd the larus tat withoud he smile would never have been gained it is o image that trings delir of the poit that ane mades are voice in the blace of alequintfaction and guides e drain in the ougurs toiles of s tately counsels
	layer_8: it is at the foot of woman that welaid the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lire of the poet that annimades ar voice in the blaze of aloquint faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately counsels
	layer_10: it is at the foot of woman that belaid the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is e image that strings the lire of the poet that annimates are voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately councels
	layer_12: it is at the foot of woman that be laid the larus that without her smile would never have been gained it is o image that strings the lire of the poet that annimates are voice in the blaze of aloquent faction and guides of drain in the august toils of stately councels

file: 1630-73710-0001.flac
expected: is there no hope for them so full of hope
	layer_2: is day no help fort them so foulof holp
	layer_4: is day no hop for them so foulluf holp
	layer_6: es day no hope for them so ful of hepe
	layer_8: as tey no hope for them so full of help
	layer_10: as tey no hope for them so full of help
	layer_12: as they no hope for them so full of help

file: 1630-73710-0002.flac
expected: it makes the heart ache but to picture such vicissitudes to the imagination
	layer_2: it meakesd the hartake but topictu seti risisitds to they inmagination
	layer_4: it meks the hart ag but to picture such wiciitd to they immagination
	layer_6: it makes the heart ache but to picture such recisityld to thei imagination
	layer_8: it makes the heard ache but to picture such necessityld to their imagination
	layer_10: it makes the heart ache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination
	layer_12: it makes the heart ache but to picture such necessitils to their imagination

file: 1630-73710-0003.flac
expected: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death obscuring all our gay fancies with its bat like wing and tainting the healthy atmosphere of our happiness with its venomous expirations
	layer_2: the nolge that such jhanges cin arcor flicts oveirh the mind like the fogd of det e scarring allo ga fanfis bit it s bat liering and tanding the heallly ane fr of her hapness bit its venimes expirations
	layer_4: the noleged that such changes can a c flits over the mind like the thought of deat it scaring all aga fanpfiece bith its bad like wing and tanting the helty atnfear of her happness bith its vnemous expurations
	layer_6: the knowledge that such changes gan occur flits over the mind like the thought of death it scaring all a ga fanfies with its badt like wing and chaining the healty atnfer of her hapness with its venomous expurations
	layer_8: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death it scouring all our gay fanfies with its bad like wing and changing the healty atmophere of her happness with its venomous expirations
	layer_10: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death it scouring all our gay fanfies with its bad like wing and changing the healthy atmophere of her happiness with its venomous excirations
	layer_12: the knowledge that such changes can occur flits over the mind like the thought of death it scouring all our gay fanfies with its bad like wing and changing the healthy atmosphere of heur happiness with its venomous excirations

file: 1630-73710-0004.flac
expected: mine own
	layer_2: myin os
	layer_4: mine os
	layer_6: min ows
	layer_8: mine ownes
	layer_10: mine ons
	layer_12: mine ons

file: 1630-73710-0005.flac
expected: what did what could you do
	layer_2: mhartad at cuti do
	layer_4: motead at colt y dom
	layer_6: mo dead what couldt ye doom
	layer_8: moe ded what could he do
	layer_10: more dead what could he do
	layer_12: more dead what could he do

file: 1630-73710-0006.flac
expected: i beat about my chamber like a silly bird in a cage
	layer_2: i bet a bot my chame be leket e filyd bar in icage
	layer_4: i bit orbout my chameber like afilly bord in the cage
	layer_6: i bet about my chamber like a fiely bord in the cage
	layer_8: i bet about my chamber like a filei bord in the cage
	layer_10: i bet about my chamber like a fily burd in the cage
	layer_12: i bet about my chamber like a fily burd in the cage

file: 1630-73710-0007.flac
expected: do not think of moving to day
	layer_2: do lnot think of morvhing to day
	layer_4: do not think of morvinto day
	layer_6: do not think of morvin to day
	layer_8: do not think of moving to day
	layer_10: do not think of moving to day
	layer_12: do not think of moving to day

file: 1630-73710-0008.flac
expected: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_2: to nokeep the messengur in instiunt
	layer_4: to not keep the massengur an instant
	layer_6: to not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_8: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_10: do not keep the messenger an instant
	layer_12: do not keep the messenger an instant

file: 1630-73710-0009.flac
expected: he is on my pony
	layer_2: he s an my pore
	layer_4: he son my pee
	layer_6: heison my pole
	layer_8: heis on my pomely
	layer_10: he is on my pomy
	layer_12: he is on my pomy

file: 1630-73710-0010.flac
expected: write only one word to your own henrietta
	layer_2: right ont lev wone woad to yorom hean re iter
	layer_4: right otly wone word to yer rem hengreite
	layer_6: right only one word to your rem engreate
	layer_8: rigt only one word to your rem en greato
	layer_10: write only one word to your realm hen greato
	layer_12: write only one word to your realm hen greato

file: 1630-73710-0011.flac
expected: ferdinand to henrietta
	layer_2: fordent to han reter
	layer_4: fordnent to henretor
	layer_6: foldnant to hen reater
	layer_8: fordnat to hen reete
	layer_10: fordnant to henreta
	layer_12: fordnant to henrita

file: 1630-73710-0012.flac
expected: god bless you my henrietta my beloved my matchless henrietta
	layer_2: gt less you my hen reater i belovered wyn maless hen greater
	layer_4: got less you my hen reater y belovered my macless henreater
	layer_6: god less you my hand riater my belovered my macless hand riater
	layer_8: godless you my handriator my belovered my machless hendriator
	layer_10: god bless you my hanriater my beloved my matchless hanriater
	layer_12: god bless you my hanriater my beloved my matchless henriater

file: 1630-73710-0013.flac
expected: what has that separation not cost me
	layer_2: wod hs ta feporation no cons me
	layer_4: whot has thad feveration ot cos me
	layer_6: what has tead sevoration not cast me
	layer_8: what has tead sapiration not case me
	layer_10: what has tatsapiration not cast me
	layer_12: what has tet sapiration not cast me

file: 1630-73710-0014.flac
expected: pangs that i could not conceive any human misery could occasion
	layer_2: pan tat i could not contive any human rithsry cedicasion
	layer_4: pangs tat i could not conceve an humane withsre couldocasion
	layer_6: pangs that i could not conceive an human withre cood occasion
	layer_8: pangs that i could not conceive any human wire cood occasion
	layer_10: pangs that i could not conceive any human ysry cold occasion
	layer_12: pangs that i could not conceive any human myzry cold occasion

file: 1630-73710-0015.flac
expected: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was uninjured last night
	layer_2: and yet i a to be great for that he was anin jord last knigt
	layer_4: and yet i alh to be greatfurl that he was anin jurd last night
	layer_6: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was un incured last night
	layer_8: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unenjured last night
	layer_10: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night
	layer_12: and yet i ought to be grateful that he was unendured last night

file: 1630-73710-0016.flac
expected: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_2: i de not now ohn how foli sha was
	layer_4: i deare not now on how fool ish i was
	layer_6: i dare not now on how foolish i was
	layer_8: i dared not now on how foolish i was
	layer_10: i dare not now own how foolish i was
	layer_12: i dare not now own how foolish i was

file: 1630-73710-0017.flac
expected: do not be angry with your henrietta but i am nervous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_2: di not be an gr vehed yuhen ryater but im no ers abot con seeling al ingacemen tfrompaer
	layer_4: di not be angrevwith tyoahengreator but i'm novurs about conceling ar ingademan tfrumpapa
	layer_6: do not be angrey with your hanriater but i 'm novois about concealing her engagement from pape
	layer_8: do not be angry with your henriator but i am novous about concealing oeur engagement from papa
	layer_10: do not be angry with you henriator but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa
	layer_12: do not be angry with you henriator but i am norvous about concealing our engagement from papa

file: 1630-73710-0018.flac
expected: days must elapse before you can reach bath and i know ferdinand i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_2: dase mons alabs befor you can gretbouh and the now fordnent i no yur affoses more tifficlet theyn yourill confess
	layer_4: days muns the laps before you can react bouth and they no fordenent i kno yioer affesis more tifficult than nou wil konfass
	layer_6: days must e laps before you can reate bouth and they know fordinant i know yeour offies more tifficult than you will confess
	layer_8: days mute laps before you can reat bouth and thi kno fordinate i know your offic is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_10: days must elapse before you can read bauth and the know fordinant i know your office is more difficult than you will confess
	layer_12: days must elapse before you can read bauth and te know fordinant i know your office is more difficult than you will confess

file: 1630-73710-0019.flac
expected: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled
	layer_2: but come bacd my on a son as heou gan and righted to me ad the pers hofes as yhi saedled
	layer_4: but come bak my on as soon as hyegan and righte to me at the pelse shaffice as hou sattled
	layer_6: but come back my own as soon as yeu gan and right to me at the porst chaffice as you setled
	layer_8: but come back my own as soon as yeu can and write to me at the postsh affice as yeu settled
	layer_10: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post affice as you settled
	layer_12: but come back my own as soon as you can and write to me at the post office as you settled

file: 1630-73710-0020.flac
expected: the consciousness that you are so near makes me restless
	layer_2: the conciusnoh thacur so nar miks pein resless
	layer_4: the conscious nests that your so near mikes men restless
	layer_6: the consciousness that your so near miks men restless
	layer_8: the consciousness that you re so near mik me restless
	layer_10: the consciousness that youare so near maks me restless
	layer_12: the consciousness that youre so near maks me restless

file: 1630-73710-0021.flac
expected: i wish to meet him with as much calmness as i can command
	layer_2: i ish to met him but thas much combnene an he can commond
	layer_4: i wish to meed him but thask much comness at he can commond
	layer_6: i wish to meet him but he as much calmmness as they can command
	layer_8: i wish to meet him but here as much calmness as he can command
	layer_10: i wish to meet him but tere as much calmness as he can command
	layer_12: i wish to meet him but there as much calmness as hey can command

file: 1630-141772-0000.flac
expected: on the pratzen heights where he had fallen with the flagstaff in his hand lay prince andrew bolkonski bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and childlike moan
	layer_2: on the pradsin hites wvere he had falin with the flacxsarh ing his hand lapprns antruablgonsky bleding frofusly and and contihustly utring aentl peters andtil like moom
	layer_4: on the pradson heights were he had fallin with the flacks stelf in his hand laprince an trouble konsky bleading fro fusely and und consciously utring agendl petious and chile like mom
	layer_6: on the pradsin hits where he had fallene with the flag sterf in his hand laprone and druble gansky bleeding fro fusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle peteous and chi like mon
	layer_8: on the pradsan hidtes where he had fallen with the flag sturf in his hand laprins and druble gonskiy bleeding frofusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous andchildlike mom
	layer_10: on the pratsan hidtes where he had fallen with the flag staff in his hand laprons and rubolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and chil like mon
	layer_12: on the prats an hidtes where he had fallen with the flag sturf in his hand laprons and rubolgonsky bleeding profusely and unconsciously uttering a gentle piteous and child like mon

file: 1630-141772-0001.flac
expected: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head
	layer_2: sout indy he agan fale that huous a li and sutering from aboning latryeting ben in his head
	layer_4: sorinly he again felle that hews alive and suftring from a boaning lasreating baen in his head
	layer_6: sertenly he again fell that he was alive and sufftering from a bning last reating bain in his head
	layer_8: suddenly he again fel that he was alive and suffering from a burning laseraating bain in his head
	layer_10: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning laceraating pain in his head
	layer_12: suddenly he again felt that he was alive and suffering from a burning lacerating pain in his head

file: 1630-141772-0002.flac
expected: was his first thought
	layer_2: wat his first thougt
	layer_4: whats his first thought
	layer_6: whase his first thought
	layer_8: was his first thought
	layer_10: was his first thought
	layer_12: was his first thought

file: 1630-141772-0003.flac
expected: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly groan which aroused his own pity
	layer_2: he febly mound hish leg and aurterd ovek setly gron with ar ousd hi ston pitty
	layer_4: he fably moue his leg and aterd of vwek sikly grown which erousd hisown pitty
	layer_6: he fably moed his leg and uttered o wiu sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_8: he fably moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_10: he febly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity
	layer_12: he feebly moved his leg and uttered a weak sickly grown which aroused his own pity

file: 1630-141772-0004.flac
expected: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_2: lif thes young menup and cary him to the drestingstation
	layer_4: lift thes young men up and carry him to the dressingstation
	layer_6: lift his young men up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_8: lift this young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_10: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station
	layer_12: lift his young man up and carry him to the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0005.flac
expected: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted onto the stretcher the jolting while being moved and the probing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_2: trentandruay memburd nothing mor he last consieth nistrom the terrabld bean of beeinglifted oun to hehstretur the dolding ril been mod and the probing of his bond ad the drethentation
	layer_4: frin an druwre memberd nothing mor he lost counsious nes rom the tarrable pan of being lifteed oun to thestratcure the jolting wvile being mod and the probing of his woon at the dreasingstation
	layer_6: friint  and drew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted oun to the streceur the jolting while being mood and the crobing of his woun at the dressin station
	layer_8: printce anddrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pain of being lifted oun to the stretcure the jolding while being mooed and the crobing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_10: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pan of being lifted on to the stretcure the jolding while being mood and the crobing of his wound at the dressing station
	layer_12: prince andrew remembered nothing more he lost consciousness from the terrible pan of being lifted on to the streatchure the jolding while being mooed and the crobing of his wound at the dressing station

file: 1630-141772-0006.flac
expected: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_2: yorring this transfor he fel a lite's tronger and was abl to look about him and even s peak
	layer_4: yorring this transfor he felled a little's tronger and was able to look about him and even's peak
	layer_6: juring this transfor he felled a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_8: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_10: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak
	layer_12: during this transfer he felt a little stronger and was able to look about him and even speak

file: 1630-141772-0007.flac
expected: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_2: he ast onseing the prisnes
	layer_4: he askt on seeing the prisnes
	layer_6: he asked on seeing the prisners
	layer_8: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_10: he asked on seeing the prisoners
	layer_12: he asked on seeing the prisoners

file: 1630-141772-0008.flac
expected: i commanded a squadron replied repnin
	layer_2: i comarnded is cordron treplidt racnin
	layer_4: i commound ed has cardren re pliedt rapnin
	layer_6: i commanded this coldrn replied regnon
	layer_8: i commanded his cordrn replied retpnan
	layer_10: i commanded his cordron replied repmin
	layer_12: i commanded his cordon replied retmin

file: 1630-141772-0009.flac
expected: prince repnin named lieutenant sukhtelen
	layer_2: prencsrapnan naimned gleftern in sutellen
	layer_4: princeebnan named leftern in sutellin
	layer_6: prinrabnan named leftenin sutelin
	layer_8: prince repnen named leftenin suctellen
	layer_10: prince rebnan named letenin suctellen
	layer_12: prince repnan named letenin suctellen

file: 1630-141772-0010.flac
expected: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_2: afterlooking at him nipolin smild
	layer_4: after looking a him nepol in smild
	layer_6: after looking it him napolon smiled
	layer_8: after looking at him nipoleon smiled
	layer_10: after looking at him napoleon smiled
	layer_12: after looking at him napoleon smiled

file: 1630-141772-0011.flac
expected: youth is no hindrance to courage muttered sukhtelen in a failing voice
	layer_2: youd as kno hantrans to carriadge matured sotelen in ifailing wice
	layer_4: you thes new hintrance to carage materd sutelln in e failing wvice
	layer_6: you thes new hintrance to curage matered suctellen in a failing wice
	layer_8: you tdoes new hintrance to corrage muttered suctellen in a failing voice
	layer_10: youts new hindrance to couriage muttered sutelen in a failing voice
	layer_12: youthes new hindrance to couriage muttered uctelen in a failing voice

file: 1630-141772-0012.flac
expected: a splendid reply said napoleon
	layer_2: splandedrefly seidtny polin
	layer_4: a splanded re fly said ney pollin
	layer_6: splendid refly saidne poling
	layer_8: a splendid reply said nipolen
	layer_10: a splendid reply said nipolen
	layer_12: a splendid reply said nipoleon

file: 1630-141772-0013.flac
expected: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_2: prn sandr whed oly thol ben brogt forbwert befor the ampurersice to compleed the sho of frisneus good not felto attractofe itention
	layer_4: prunsandroew whohad allsho been brought forwerd before the emperersyse to compled the show of prisnes couod not fail to attractis ittention
	layer_6: prensandrew who had alsho been brought forward before the emporor's eyse to complete the show of brisners could not fail to attracthis attention
	layer_8: prinxandrew who had also been brought forward before the emperer's eyes to complete the show of brisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_10: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention
	layer_12: prince andrew who had also been brought forward before the emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners could not fail to attract his attention

file: 1630-141772-0014.flac
expected: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_2: hes fave shon wid sil fidtifaction and lasu
	layer_4: his fathe shon with sel satesfaction andplasure
	layer_6: his face shoun with sel satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_8: his face shone with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_10: his face shoned with self satisfaction and pleasure
	layer_12: his face shoned with self satisfaction and pleasure

file: 1630-141772-0015.flac
expected: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold icon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_2: the solsjers we caryd frensandr had notest antaken the lite gold i con trincers mary had hung rown her brathers nik but seeing the fabere the ampra shoed the frisnerst their know hasind to retune the holy inageh
	layer_4: the soljers weedt carrie frince androu had notest and aken they littl gold i con trincess marry had hung rown her brather's neck but seeing the favore the empera showed the prisners their now haszent to returned the holy image
	layer_6: the soldiers whoe had carried friense andrew had noticed and caken the little gold eye con frinces mary had hung roun her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperer showed the prisoners theyre now hazened to return the wholy image
	layer_8: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecorn princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners theye now hazened to return the holy image
	layer_10: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eycon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favour the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image
	layer_12: the soldiers who had carried prince andrew had noticed and taken the little gold eyecon princess mary had hung round her brother's neck but seeing the favor the emperor showed the prisoners they now hastened to return the holy image

file: 1630-141772-0016.flac
expected: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little icon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_2: brencs an tru did not see how in by hom itoersrep last but the lit y con whith its ten gold chane sudinly a perd upon his chest ou sid his yunform
	layer_4: prince andruw dit not se how ind by whom it was replast wut the little ey con with its sin gold chan sirinly appeared upon his chest out side hs younform
	layer_6: prince and drew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eye coune with its sin gold chain sudenly appeared upon his chest outside his unform
	layer_8: prince anddrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eye corn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_10: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecorn with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform
	layer_12: prince andrew did not see how and by whom it was replaced but the little eyecon with its thin gold chain suddenly appeared upon his chest outside his uniform

file: 1630-141772-0017.flac
expected: how good it would be to know where to seek for help in this life and what to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_2: how godithrd be to knho vhe to seor heal in this laife and wot rexpec afteet be yon the grey
	layer_4: how good it herd be to no vere to seak for help in the s life and walhto eexpecet aftert beyond the greea
	layer_6: how good it had be to know vhere to seek for help in this life and wale to expect after it beyond the gre
	layer_8: how good it had be to know where to seek for help in this life and wal to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_10: how good it hud be to know where to seek for help in this life and wa to expect after it beyond the grave
	layer_12: how good it hud be to know where to seek for help in this life and wart to expect after it beyond the grave

file: 1630-141772-0018.flac
expected: how happy and calm i should be if i could now say lord have mercy on me
	layer_2: ow happe an cam y should be if i good now se lard heave mos ion me
	layer_4: how hapby an calm i should be if i good nowse lad heave mosy on me
	layer_6: how happy and calm i should be if i good now se lard have mosy on me
	layer_8: how happy and calm i should be if i gould now see lord have mocy on me
	layer_10: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have mercy on me
	layer_12: how happy and calm i should be if i could now see lord have morcy on me

file: 1630-141772-0019.flac
expected: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i not only cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great all or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sewn into this amulet by mary
	layer_2: i ther toeba indefinabe in com behansobe rhich i kno tonlycannold adtrese but witshs a c annornt even extress in words the great ald or noshing sc he to him salf org to that gad who hasbein son into ths ammulit by mary
	layer_4: ithere towepow indefinabu in com lehendsibl which i no tunly cannod at tress but wich i canno even extress in words the great al or nothing said he to himself o to that god who has been sol into this ammulet by mary
	layer_6: either to apow indefinable in complehensible which i now tonely cannoed adtresst but which i cannot even extress in wards the great al or nothing said he to himself ar to that god who has been sol into this amulate by mary
	layer_8: either to apower indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great ol or nothing said he to himself orh to that god who has been sol into this ammulete by mary
	layer_10: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sol into this amulet by mary
	layer_12: either to a power indefinable incomprehensible which i notonly cannot address but which i cannot even express in words the great al or nothing said he to himself or to that god who has been sol into this amulet by mary

file: 1630-141772-0020.flac
expected: the stretchers moved on
	layer_2: this traters modon
	layer_4: thistraters modon
	layer_6: the straiters mod on
	layer_8: the straiters moed on
	layer_10: the straiters moed on
	layer_12: the straiters moed on

file: 1630-141772-0021.flac
expected: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_2: the quit om life and piesefl happiness of bo hils fpresended it selh to him
	layer_4: the quiete home life and pieaceful happiness of bol hils presended itself to him
	layer_6: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bal hils presended itself to him
	layer_8: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bald hills presented itself to him
	layer_10: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him
	layer_12: the quiet home life and peaceful happiness of bold hills presented itself to him

file: 1630-141772-0022.flac
expected: he is a nervous bilious subject said larrey and will not recover
	layer_2: ke ift a novwas pelia subjit seid latry and the lotriy cover
	layer_4: ky if e nerves belia subjet said lary and whelotre cover
	layer_6: key if the nervous billiu subjet said lari and will lnot recover
	layer_8: key is a nervous bellia subject said lari and will not recover
	layer_10: key is a nervous bellia subject said larrie and will not recover
	layer_12: key is a nervous bellia subject said larrie and will not recover

file: 1630-96099-0000.flac
expected: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_2: tha to sor yourelof cots aun to take
	layer_4: thet two se you wil of corse an te take
	layer_6: that too sow you willofe course undtetake
	layer_8: that too si you will of course undertake
	layer_10: that too sir you will of course undertake
	layer_12: that too sir you will of course undertake

file: 1630-96099-0001.flac
expected: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_2: thin something havs hapen he has somspeciale in foimation some great nus
	layer_4: then something has happened he has somespeciall infomation some great nes
	layer_6: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_8: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_10: then something has happened he has some special information some great news
	layer_12: then something has happened he has some special information some great news

file: 1630-96099-0002.flac
expected: when block appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_2: wen blakippyrd it as evden that someping had gond rong with him
	layer_4: when blarkippyard it was eveden hat something had gond rong with him
	layer_6: when blarck ippiared it was evden that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_8: when blark appeuared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_10: when blak appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him
	layer_12: when black appeared it was evident that something had gone wrong with him

file: 1630-96099-0003.flac
expected: gone now just when we most want him never
	layer_2: gon now jes een he most wand him neveu
	layer_4: gone now just end he most warned him neve
	layer_6: gone now just whend he most warned him never
	layer_8: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_10: gone now just when he most warned him never
	layer_12: gone now just when he most warned him never

file: 1630-96099-0004.flac
expected: idiot triple idiot
	layer_2: eigtirt tripe etet
	layer_4: eiteat tribl etat
	layer_6: etiat trible itit
	layer_8: edit triple edit
	layer_10: eitiot triple itiot
	layer_12: eiot triple itiot

file: 1630-96099-0005.flac
expected: you shall be dismissed discharged from this hour you are a disgrace to the force
	layer_2: you shalld be dis menst dis charts from the sar your a dis crease to the forse
	layer_4: you shall be dismist dis chards from the sar your a discrase to the force
	layer_6: you shall be dismissed discharde from the saur your a discreace to the force
	layer_8: you shall be dismissed discharge from the sar you 'reto disgreace to the forlce
	layer_10: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sau you are ta disgrace to the falrce
	layer_12: you shall be dismissed discharged from the sau you are a disgrace to the falce

file: 1630-96099-0006.flac
expected: it is that or your great gluttony
	layer_2: it is that or you great gluth me
	layer_4: it is that or you great glut me
	layer_6: it is that or you great glut me
	layer_8: it is that or your great glut me
	layer_10: it is that or your great glud to me
	layer_12: it is that or your great glud to me

file: 1630-96099-0007.flac
expected: my gentleman made himself most pleasant
	layer_2: my tentlo enmede himses no st tleasend
	layer_4: my centtle min maed himsose nost tleasant
	layer_6: my gentleman made himself no spleasant
	layer_8: my gentlemen made himself no spleasant
	layer_10: my gentlemen made himself no spleasant
	layer_12: my gentlemen made himself no sleasant

file: 1630-96099-0008.flac
expected: well at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_2: barllet any ra for my shin saxcectied
	layer_4: beallit any rat for my sins ixceted
	layer_6: bell at any raitd for my since i accepted
	layer_8: beal at any rate for my sinse i accepted
	layer_10: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted
	layer_12: bell at any rate for my sins i accepted

file: 1630-96099-0009.flac
expected: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited friends you know it perhaps monsieur
	layer_2: wbe antured the firse resstrond that of thereinigto trence i knew it pe habs miss i
	layer_4: we entered the firs restrond that of the reenighto trence inknew it puhaps missiar
	layer_6: we entered the first restrond that of the re nited trens e knew it perhaps mesier
	layer_8: we entered the first restaurand that of the renited tranch ye knew it perhaps messir
	layer_10: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trance yeu knew it perhaps mese
	layer_12: we entered the first restaurant that of the reunited trance ye knew it perhaps messier

file: 1630-96099-0010.flac
expected: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me this evil turn
	layer_2: i had no fere of him not to the verly latst whand hu plade me the fh ebor ton
	layer_4: i had no fear off himd not to lhe verly last when he plae me the f ebl turn
	layer_6: i had no fear of him not tillthe very last when he played me thof eble turn
	layer_8: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the fevle turn
	layer_10: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me theevil turn
	layer_12: i had no fear of him not till the very last when he played me the evil turn

file: 1630-96099-0011.flac
expected: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocketbook it was stuffed full monsieur i saw that and my confidence increased called for the reckoning and paid with an italian bank note
	layer_2: i su spectend narthing wmanhy brught oud his poked book it was taft futh mass ier i tugh thad and my contioncing creased cal for the rekening and pavberd than etalin band noet
	layer_4: i suspectered nothing weny brought out his pocket book it was talfet for the messiear i thowh that and my contiranc ing cresd cal for the reckning and pabrt han itarlin ban not
	layer_6: i suspectod nothing when he brought out his packet book it was tuffed for the missier i thow that and my contrence increased call for the reckoning and pabit an itailin bankneed
	layer_8: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tufed for the mess er i thow that and my consfirence increased called for the reckoning and payewit tan italin ban kneed
	layer_10: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tufed for the messr i thow that and my consfcience increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank net
	layer_12: i suspected nothing when he brought out his pocket book it was tufed for the missir i thow that and my conscience increased called for the reckoning and pay with an italian bank not

file: 1630-96099-0012.flac
expected: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_2: excuse be one meomand prey
	layer_4: excuse bme one momend pray
	layer_6: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_8: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_10: excuse me one moment pray
	layer_12: excuse me one moment pray

file: 1630-96099-0013.flac
expected: he went out monsieur and piff paff he was no more to be seen
	layer_2: he bentoudmes r and pi paf he was no mre to be seen
	layer_4: he thent out messh hier and piff baf he was no more to be seen
	layer_6: he vent out mesnhhiere and piff baff he was no more to be seen
	layer_8: he went out mensheer and pith paf he was no more to be seen
	layer_10: he went out mether and piff pafth he was no more to be seen
	layer_12: he went out mether and piff paf he was no more to be seen

file: 1630-96099-0014.flac
expected: why let him out of your sight
	layer_2: wy letkeem out of esitd
	layer_4: why let him out of he sigte
	layer_6: wy let him out of hir sight
	layer_8: why let him out of his sigt
	layer_10: why let him out of his sight
	layer_12: why let him out of his sight

file: 1630-96099-0015.flac
expected: it was only now at the eleventh hour that the italian had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_2: ich was only know at the leveen thour that thi dalin had become inca pated and the curesstion of his passible an sitegoreas cep had never beeng considut
	layer_4: it was only know at the leven thou that the darlin had become inclpated and the crestion of his passible anxcidedto eus gaepe had never been concidot
	layer_6: it was only now at the leven thou that they darlin had become incolpated and the curestion of his possible anxity to hescape had never been considert
	layer_8: it was only now at the leven tha that the dalin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_10: it was only now at the leventh a that the darlin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered
	layer_12: it was only now at the leventh a that the darlin had become inculpated and the question of his possible anxiety to escape had never been considered

file: 1630-96099-0016.flac
expected: he left everything behind
	layer_2: he levet everesing behind
	layer_4: he left everesing behind
	layer_6: she left everything behind
	layer_8: she left everything behind
	layer_10: she left everything behind
	layer_12: he left everything behind

file: 1630-96099-0017.flac
expected: hand it me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leaves hurriedly
	layer_2: handed to me said the chif and wrena game into his hanse he began tr tun over the liaf's haledly
	layer_4: handed to me said the chief and wen at game into his hands he bean to turn eover the leaf's hurreedly
	layer_6: handed to me said the chief and when it game into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_8: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_10: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly
	layer_12: hand it to me said the chief and when it came into his hands he began to turn over the leafs hurriedly

file: 1630-96099-0018.flac
expected: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_2: i to not aun dis tand not mor than a wort her an ther
	layer_4: i do not and distand not more than a word heran there
	layer_6: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_8: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_10: i do not understand not more than a word here and there
	layer_12: i do not understand not more than a word here and there

file: 1630-96099-0019.flac
expected: it is no doubt italian
	layer_2: it is non dowte talin
	layer_4: it is no doult e talim
	layer_6: it is no doulty tallin
	layer_8: it is no doulty talin
	layer_10: it is no doutitalion
	layer_12: it is no doutitalion

file: 1630-96099-0020.flac
expected: of course such a consummate ass as you have proved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_2: of go suctac con sim it as as you have frud iyurself would not thingk of soching theres tran o the imedid nea behoad or of making inquirys as to vether he had beend seen or as to wriach were he had gon
	layer_4: of cor such acconsimte as as you have prud yourself would not think of sealching the rastrownd o the immeedid naighboerhot or of making in quieis as to veather he had been seen or as yo which were he had gone
	layer_6: of go such a consimite as as you have prud yourself would not think of searching the restron ar the immedide neighbourhood or of making inquieries as to wether he had been seen or as to which where he had gone
	layer_8: of course such a consumate as as you have prued yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which were he had gone
	layer_10: of course such a consumate ass as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone
	layer_12: of course such a consummate ass as you have pruved yourself would not think of searching the restaurant or the immediate neighbourhood or of making inquiries as to whether he had been seen or as to which way he had gone

file: 1630-96099-0021.flac
expected: it was a note for a hundred lire a hundred francs and the restaurant bill was no more than seventeen francs hah
	layer_2: ito was e note forta hundred th learrer a huntred frans and the rath troan bell os now more h an semintein frans ha
	layer_4: it was e not for ha hundred learraor a hurnred frans and the rethtron bilas kno more than seminteen frans haw
	layer_6: it was a note for a hundred lirer a hundred frangs and the resteron belos no more than sementien francs ha
	layer_8: it was a note for a hundred lera a hundred francs and the restauran bil lost no more than seventeene francs ha
	layer_10: it was a note for a hundred lera a hundred francs and the restauran bill lost no more than seventeen francs ha
	layer_12: it was a note for a hundred lera a hundred francs and the restauran bill lost no more than seventeen francs ha

file: 1630-96099-0022.flac
expected: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_2: he wa s much crest in a great howrry
	layer_4: he was much bresst in a great hurry
	layer_6: he was much gressed in a great hurry
	layer_8: he was much ressed in a great hurry
	layer_10: he was much pressed in a great hurry
	layer_12: he was much pressed in a great hurry

file: 1630-96099-0023.flac
expected: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cab and was driving away but he was stopped the devil
	layer_2: derecttly he crath the thresheld he corli the forscad and was drine nore but he wus that the dever
	layer_4: derectly he cratshd the thrishelt he call the firs cap and was drimenavay but he was tolped the deaver
	layer_6: directly he crassed the thrishelt he called the first cap and was driing avway but he was tupped the deaver
	layer_8: directly he crassed the thresholt he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the dever
	layer_10: directly he crossped the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devil
	layer_12: directly he crossed the threshold he called the first cap and was driving away but he was topped the devil

file: 1630-96099-0024.flac
expected: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cab and were driven away together
	layer_2: ce wished tu par son to lieve her she would not con send then they bote garting to the cap and widryeven o i togeder
	layer_4: kuwishe to parson to leave her she would not consent then they both gard into the cap and we drieven of itogether
	layer_6: kiv wishe to parson to leave her she would not consent then they both guard into the cap and weh riven of itogether
	layer_8: khe wishe to passon to leave her she would not consent then they both gard into the capb and were riven of it together
	layer_10: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cap and were driven awey together
	layer_12: he wished to pass on to leave her she would not consent then they both got into the cap and were driven away together

file: 4572-64670-0000.flac
expected: but this thy host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest threatening rama good and great ill thoughts thy journey stimulate
	layer_2: but disty hosed so whie dis pret wakes in my heart an doudt and dreat lesd tritining rarma godand grat il tardsti jarn his timmllat
	layer_4: but dis ti host so wide dispread wakes in my heart wone dout and read lest triad ening rama good and grat ill tarts di jahn is timil ate
	layer_6: but dhis i host so wide dispred waks in my heart one doubt and read lest treadening rama good and great ill tards dijahnis timil eiht
	layer_8: but this di host so wide dispread wakes in my heart one doubt and read lest treadening rama good and great ill t arts dijanis timole agt
	layer_10: but dis dy host so wide dispret wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest treatening rama good and great ill tartsd dijanis timel at
	layer_12: but dis dy host so wide dispret wakes in my heart one doubt and dread lest treadening rama good and great ill tarts dijanis timell at

file: 4572-64670-0001.flac
expected: he is my eldest brother he is like a father dear to me
	layer_2: hie is my elest pradar he is lek fad at ear to me
	layer_4: e is my eldest prader he is like afdat ear to me
	layer_6: he is my eldest prader he is like a fater hear to me
	layer_8: he is my eldest brade he is like a father hear to me
	layer_10: he is my eldest brada he is like a father he  to me
	layer_12: he is my eldest brada he is like a father he ar to me

file: 4572-64670-0002.flac
expected: i go to lead my brother thence who makes the wood his residence
	layer_2: i co to lied my brad a dens ho maksd o rd his ressidens
	layer_4: i co to leed my braut a dens ho makes awad his residens
	layer_6: i coe to lead my broad o dene who makes award his recidens
	layer_8: i go to lead my broadar dance who makes awoard his recidence
	layer_10: i go to lead my broad a dance who makes te wrod his recidencs
	layer_12: i go to lead my broad a dance who makes te word his recidence

file: 4572-64670-0003.flac
expected: no thought but this thy heart should frame this simple truth my lips proclaim
	layer_2: notard but distir hard should fram te simpldrud myl lepsprokwame
	layer_4: no tard but tdhisti heard should fram the simpldrut my leeps prockwam
	layer_6: nothardt but this dy hartd should frame the simple trut my leap's broqvam
	layer_8: no hard but this dy heart should fram thi simple trut my liaps broqlayn
	layer_10: no hart but this dy hart should frame this simple truth my lips proqwyn
	layer_12: no hart but this dy hart should frame this simple truth my lips proqven

file: 4572-64670-0004.flac
expected: as guha thus and bharat each to other spoke in friendly speech the day god sank with glory dead and night o'er all the sky was spread
	layer_2: as goo har dows and var at ege to arders pok in prenlesspge the day got sankuit glowy dad and nit of all des kyg was prad
	layer_4: as goo he dos and vor it ecgh to ardes poke in friendless pige the day god sankuwit glory dead and night ovr all thiskygh was prad
	layer_6: as go har dos and worat each to arders poke in friendlysspice the day gard sank uith glowry dead and night over all the sky was prad
	layer_8: as goha does and worret each to arder s spoke in friendless pege the day gad sank with glowry dead and night over all the sky was preayed
	layer_10: as gu ha doz and worrit ech to adar spoke in friendless spech the day god sank with glory dead and night over all the sky was praed
	layer_12: as guha doz and worrit ech to adar spoke in friendless spech the day god sank with glory dead and night over all the sky was preyed

file: 4572-64670-0005.flac
expected: soon as king guha's thoughtful care had quartered all the army there well honoured bharat laid his head beside satrughna on a bed
	layer_2: son as king has tat ful car had quaurt aet all the oarmi dar well onud hor ot lae his headt besit sat trune on a bed
	layer_4: son as kin go has tatful care had quatat all the armedar well honerd voe ut laie his head beside setrokne hon abed
	layer_6: soon as king who has taughtful care had quart at all the armidar well honoart wore ot laid his head beside sat rugna on a bed
	layer_8: soon as kin gwohas thoughtful care had quogt at all the armidare well honored wore it laid his head besides setrugna on a bed
	layer_10: soon as king ghooha's thoughtful care had cuout at all the armidar well honoured wilre it laid his head besides satrugna on a bed
	layer_12: soon as king hooha's thoughtful care had cuout at all the armidar well honored whire it laid his head besides satrugna on a bed

file: 4572-64670-0006.flac
expected: thus sighing and distressed in misery and bitter grief with fevered heart that mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still mourned and found no rest
	layer_2: thu sing and dhis trest and missery and beategreeve woud fe would heard dat morkedrelyve thistrectet yn his mind the che  ste mornd and found no reast
	layer_4: thu syging and thistrest and misery and beategrieve  rd fevward heart dadmorked releve thistractet in his mind the chea still mond and found no resd
	layer_6: thus sighing and this trest and misery and bet a grieve wid feword heart dead morked relieve thistracted in his mind the chief still mond and found no rest
	layer_8: the sighing and distressed and misery and beat er grieve with fevered heart dead morcked relieve distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_10: thu sighing and distressed and misery and beater grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest
	layer_12: thus sighing and distressed and misery and beater grief with fevered heart dead mocked relief distracted in his mind the chief still morned and found no rest

file: 4572-64670-0007.flac
expected: rest duteous minded i will keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than raghu's son
	layer_2: hrest dtious mideit i ol kep my wach whil rowmiyr leyes es le f in te whol whidoad is nn dear to me t an reggoe son
	layer_4: rest ditious mind it i al kepe my wach wile ramor liese asle for in the whole why eo wald is none dear a to met hand reggo son
	layer_6: rest diteas mind it i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the hole whidewald is none dearer to me than rago son
	layer_8: rest diteas minded i oll keep my watch while rama lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to mee than rago' son
	layer_10: rest ditas mind it i ill keep my watch while ramah lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu's son
	layer_12: rest diteas mind it i ill keep my watch while ramah lies asleep for in the whole wide world is none dearer to me than ragu's son

file: 4572-64670-0008.flac
expected: harbour no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he has shown will glory on my name be thrown great store of merit shall i gain and duteous form no wish in vain
	layer_2: harbe no doud ojeles fear ispea dett wiltats in cir for fromdagres whits he has sho whell glowry on my nad betro greats to o marra chall i gaim anddutieus far nawish inva
	layer_4: har ba no dout o jeallous fear i speag detrut a  hards in cer for from a grace whids he has shome oill glowry on my nanme be tro greatstdor o marrit shall i game and d udious form nor wish inva
	layer_6: haba no doubed or jealous fer i speak the trut witd hart sincere for from the grece whis he has showne ol glory on my name betro great stor of marit shall i gane and dudius form no wish in vain
	layer_8: harba no doubt or jealous fear i speak the trut with hart sincere for from the grace whichs he hash shown woilth glowry on my name betrown great store of marrit shall i gam and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_10: harbar no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he hath shown wol the glory on my name be trown great store of marriag shall i gan and dutious form no wish in vain
	layer_12: harbar no doubt or jealous fear i speak the truth with heart sincere for from the grace which he hath shown oll the glory on my name be trown great store of marriage shall i gan and dutious form no wish in vain

file: 4572-64670-0009.flac
expected: let me enforced by many a row of followers armed with shaft and bow for well loved rama's weal provide who lies asleep by sita's side
	layer_2: tlhat me an foused by manyarro a foous arbed shafet and b forwellle browmas we o proid who liseeslet by s du sid
	layer_4: let me an faused by manearo or foluurs arbled shaft and bo for well of romas wal proide who lizesleep by seder side
	layer_6: let me undforsed by maniro or foluwers arbled shaftaen bew for well of rama's wal profide who liz esleep by set ur side
	layer_8: let me unforced by maniro our followers arbled shaft and bow for well of brama's wal provied who lies asleep by setar's side
	layer_10: let me unforced by mani ro our followers arbd shaft and bow for wellh of brama's wal provid who lies asleep by seatar's side
	layer_12: let me unforced by mani ro our followers arbd shaft and bew for well of brama's wal provid who lies asleep by setar's side

file: 4572-64670-0010.flac
expected: with words like these i spoke designed to move the high souled bharat's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his persuasive argument o how can slumber close mine eyes when lowly couched with sita lies the royal rama
	layer_2: wrtowat likedes i s poke deszind timove to hi sold vir ats mind but he appon his t ety bent plied his pursleus of argaemend oh ho counslome but glos myn iys when lowly coudge to id see t ar liys da ril romar
	layer_4: wit wald like dees i s pok desind tomoved te high sold vore at's mind but he uppon his deuty bend pled his parsus of argomend o hol coun slum but glowse myhn eyes whene lownly couge to it seeat ur lis deroial rama
	layer_6: it walts like deas i spok designed to moved he high sold woret's mind but he upon his duty bent plied his paruusife agoment o how caunt slumbar clots myne eyes one lowely couge to it seeat our lies daroyled rama
	layer_8: it walts like these i spoke designed to move the high sould worret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsusiv argment oh how can slumber close mine eyes on lowly couch to it sea tour lies de royaldrama
	layer_10: it walts like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuesive argoment oh how can slumber close mine eyes one lownly couch to it setoulr lives de royal drama
	layer_12: it walts like these i spoke designed to move the highsould vorret's mind but he up on his duty bend plied his parsuesive argoment oh how can slumber close mine eyes one lowly couch to it se toul lies de royal drama

file: 4572-64670-0011.flac
expected: he whom no mighty demon no nor heavenly god can overthrow see guha how he lies alas with sita couched on gathered grass
	layer_2: he hoe no my to deman now no haveen la gort gan ovetro seeg her ho he lys a las would seter coaugched on gat et crus
	layer_4: he hom no my do deman now no havenly gart gan overtro se go her how he lise alas wuld seater coulghed on gat at crouse
	layer_6: he whome no my dedema now now haveonly guard gan overtro see guhe how he lies a las woutd citer calged on gaerd cras
	layer_8: he whom no mitde dema now now have only guard gan overtro see goha how he lies allas with cetar culched on gardered cras
	layer_10: he whom no mighty demon now no heavonly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies allahs with cetar culched on gatered cras
	layer_12: he whom no mighty demon now no heavonly guard can overtrow see guha how he lies allahs with cetar culched on gathered cras

file: 4572-64670-0012.flac
expected: now as his son is forced to fly the king ere long will surely die reft of his guardian hand forlorn in widowed grief this land will mourn
	layer_2: now as is sun his fas to fly the king a long wi seolly ty hraft o his gugan hound fou la in o do gree dhis loundand moan
	layer_4: now as his son his false to fly the king ellong wi syaly di raft of his gudgin hound forlan inodor greef thislound wel maln
	layer_6: now as his sun is false to fly the king erlong will ce oly di reft of his gudge an hand forlon inildiar grief this land wil ma
	layer_8: now as his son is false to fly the king erlong will seoly die raft of his gudgen hand forlon inudart grief this land will ma
	layer_10: now as his son is false to fly the king er long will seoly die raft of his gudge in hand forlon inudiart grief this land will mor
	layer_12: now as his son is false to fly the king er long will cioly die raft of his gudge in hand forlon in udiart grief this land will mor

file: 4572-64670-0013.flac
expected: but ah for sad kausalya how fare she and mine own mother now how fares the king
	layer_2: but ar far setcoshiinya how fer she and my ko maded now how faas o kin
	layer_4: but arh for sedcosiilliar how fere she and myn ol madee now how fas the king
	layer_6: but ah for set cacielia how fair she and mine owd mader now how fairs the kingk
	layer_8: but ah forsaid coushelia how far she and mine ow made now how fai s the king
	layer_10: but ah foresaid caushelia how fare she and mine od marder now how fai is the king
	layer_12: but ah foresaid cauchelia how fare she and mine old mader now how fai is the king

file: 4572-64670-0014.flac
expected: with hopes upon satrughna set my mother may survive as yet but the sad queen will die who bore the hero for her grief is sore
	layer_2: ytopes uppen setrod nes set my mader missur vy beasiet but te sat coenel di who bor to herr for hu griy is s
	layer_4: i topes upan setroune set my mader missar vy besiet but tdesat cuineal di who bor to her for hu gry fhis sa
	layer_6: rithopes upan set rugna set my mader misar vi bezyet but the sait coenal die who bor to hero for hagrifis sa
	layer_8: or it hopes up on set rugna set my mader missar vi beaziet but the sait coonul di who bore de hero for her griefe is sa
	layer_10: it hopes upon setrugna set my mader missarvibesiet but the sait coinl di who bore de hero for her grief is so
	layer_12: it hopes up on setrugna set my mader miss sarvibesiet but the sait coinl dai who bore de hero for her grief is so

file: 4572-64670-0015.flac
expected: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_2: to lay to king wil cry and conk ed by his missiry di
	layer_4: to lay te king will cry and congerd by his misery die
	layer_6: to layt the king wil cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_8: to lat the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_10: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die
	layer_12: too late the king will cry and conquered by his misery die

file: 4572-64670-0016.flac
expected: when fate has brought the mournful day which sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are they allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_2: when fate has brou domonfulday wood seese my fadur pass oway how hapbye indelives uday aloud his fener a rits to pay
	layer_4: when faite has brougd temonful day who d sese my fader passerway how happy indelives ar day aloud his fener al rits to pay
	layer_6: when fat has brought themonful day who d seeis my father pass away how happy in delives are day allowd his feneral writs to pay
	layer_8: when fate has brought the mournful day who ha sees my father pass away how happy in ther lives are day allowed his feneral writs to pay
	layer_10: when fate has brought the mournful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his funeral rites to pay
	layer_12: when fate has brought the mournful day who it sees my father pass away how happy in their lives are day allowed his funeral rites to pay

file: 4572-64670-0017.flac
expected: thus bharat stood with many a sigh lamenting and the night went by
	layer_2: thoes horit stodid manyousi ol amunting ande ni twent b
	layer_4: thoes vhorit stoldwit manyu si l amonting and e nightwent by
	layer_6: does hor it stooed with many asigh lamenting and nigh twent by
	layer_8: doesthe hored stoold with many asih lamenting and night went by
	layer_10: does the horid tood with many a sih lamenting and t night went by
	layer_12: does the horid tood with many a sigh lamenting and night went by

file: 4572-64670-0018.flac
expected: when guha saw the long armed chief whose eye was like a lotus leaf with lion shoulders strong and fair high mettled prostrate in despair pale bitterly afflicted he reeled as in earthquake reels a tree
	layer_2: when goo her sald a long amb chee ols i was like lodosleve wort' lin shoulder sthrang and far hi matert prostrad in dispar pal betarlyarflictet he reeel das in artquak creals ittre
	layer_4: when go her sold a long am ciev ose eie was like a lodes leve at line shoulder strong and fair high matterld prostraed ing dispair pal betarly a flictad hea realdes an atquak reealse i tre
	layer_6: when go her sowd a long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leave wat li on shoulders strong and fair high matteld prostratd in despair pale betarliy a flicted he reeled as in artquake reeals etre
	layer_8: when gohar sada long arm chief whose eye was like a lodoust leave wot lion shoulders strong and fair high mattld prostrate in despair pale betarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels etri
	layer_10: when guha saw e long arm chief whose eye was like a lodus leaf wot li on shoulder strong and fair high mattled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels atrei
	layer_12: when guha saw ta long arm chief whose eye was like a lodous leaf wot lion shoulders strong and fair high mattlled prostrate in despair pale bitarly afflicted he reeled as an artquake reels atri

file: 4572-64670-0019.flac
expected: kausalya by her woe oppressed the senseless bharat's limbs caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caresses oft her youngling dear then yielding to her woe she said weeping and sore disquieted what torments o my son are these of sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_2: caoshaliar by how wore or prest the sensles purts lenscarest as i fon cow in lloven ter caras as alve t younglingder ten yealding to ho wa she sat woiping and sor dis cquitet what tarmense o my son ardes ofsutan pan aswifedo do ses
	layer_4: couthellia by how ware or presst the sensless voratslens carest as i fon cow inloven fear carris is olf tr youngling dear denialding to ha ar she said oiping and saw disquiteed what tarments o my son ades of sudin pain arl swift dezeas
	layer_6: cacilia by how ware oppressed the senseless vorotslins carissed as a fan cow in lov an fear carisis af t  youngling dear deny ilding to ha wa she said weping and saw disquiteid what tarmants ar my son aurdees aff sudden pain aure swift diseas
	layer_8: carchelia by how war oppressed the senseless borres lins caressed as a fond cow in love and fear caressus aft er yongling dear denyelding to hawa she said weeping and sor disquieted what tarman s o my son ardese off sudden pain or swift disease
	layer_10: carchelia by her war oppressed the senseless burots lins careessed as a fond cow in love and fear carasus after her yongling deear denielding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants o my son ardise af sudden pain our swift disease
	layer_12: carchelia by har war oppressed the senseless burotz lins careessed as i fond cow in love and fear carosus after her yongling deer denielding to hawar she said weeping and sore disquieted what tarmants or my son ar dise af sudden pain our swift disease

file: 4572-64670-0020.flac
expected: the lives of us and all the line depend dear child on only thine
	layer_2: te lifes of u sand all t e line the poan de chid an ong ly di
	layer_4: de lifes of as and all taline the pond der child on ongly din
	layer_6: the lifes of us and all the line the pan ter child on only din
	layer_8: the lifes of us and all the line they pand dear child an only dying
	layer_10: the lives of us and all the line they pan dear child are only dying
	layer_12: the lives of us and all the line they pan dear child are only dying

file: 4572-64670-0021.flac
expected: rama and lakshman forced to flee i live by naught but seeing thee for as the king has past away thou art my only help to day
	layer_2: rar my luchman fars to fly i le by not but seende fo ias a king has pasd he ray tol arht my ally houpe to day
	layer_4: ra my lucthman force to fly i le by not but seen d for as the king has past e way tol augt my ally help to day
	layer_6: ramy luxman force to flee i lea by not but seen dee for as the king has passed away toll art my only help to day
	layer_8: ramyn lehman forced to flee i leave by nat but seeing dhee for as the king has passed away tou art my only help to day
	layer_10: ramai and luhman forced to flee i lead by naught but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day
	layer_12: ramai and lushman forced to flee i lead by naught but seeing thee for as the king has passed away thou art my only help to day

file: 4572-64670-0022.flac
expected: show me the couch whereon he lay tell me the food he ate i pray
	layer_2: shw menta cows wheran h lay tel menta fod he eight i pray
	layer_4: shaw menta couls where arm he lay tell me ta fold he eight i pray
	layer_6: show me te cows where arm he lay tell me tafold he at i pray
	layer_8: show me to cows where am he lay tell me tha fold he ate i pray
	layer_10: show me the cowse where arm he lay tell me that ford he ate i pray
	layer_12: show me the cowse where arm he lay tell me that ford he ate i pray

file: 4572-64670-0023.flac
expected: then calm and still absorbed in thought he drank the water lakshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his gentle spouse
	layer_2: thend carmans tel af jarld in tart he dranc t e water luxhmand brot and den a bedient to his vows he fasted oit his sentle spows
	layer_4: then carmons theel efb jrled in tart he drancedt a water luxtman broat and ten obedien to his vowse he fasted with his zentle spows
	layer_6: then calmmonstheel objorved in tart he dranked a water luxmant broaht and ten obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentle spows
	layer_8: then calm ondstheel abjored in tart he dranked the water luckhman brouht and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentale spows
	layer_10: then cam and steel abjoubed in tart he drank the water lukshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentale spows
	layer_12: then calrm and steel abjorbed in tart he drank the water luckshman brought and then obedient to his vows he fasted with his zentle spows

file: 4572-64670-0024.flac
expected: here stands the tree which lent them shade here is the grass beneath it laid where rama and his consort spent the night together ere they went
	layer_2: ye astanset a tre whitdh s lame them shad he sedtegros been it it lat where roa my and his conseold spemnt do nighd to gader ar a went
	layer_4: he astansed the tre whihs lam them shade he s egrowss ben it it lad where ramy and his consod spent te night to gader ard awent
	layer_6: he astands te tree wohid slen them shad he  isd the gcrass wenet it laid where rama and his consot spent to night to gether ad de went
	layer_8: he astands ta tree who ih slemt them shade here is the grass wenet it laid where rama and his concolt spent tho night together ar they went
	layer_10: herestands t a tree who h slemt them shade here is the grass bennet it laid where rama and his consolt spent the night together re they went
	layer_12: here stands t a tree who  slemt them shade here is the grass bennet it laid where rama and his conso spent the night together re they went

file: 4572-112383-0000.flac
expected: he ceased
	layer_2: his sesd
	layer_4: he sezed
	layer_6: he seized
	layer_8: he seized
	layer_10: he seized
	layer_12: he seized

file: 4572-112383-0001.flac
expected: where where is sita
	layer_2: w wa seto
	layer_4: wher wy seater
	layer_6: where wi ceter
	layer_8: where wi ceta
	layer_10: where wi cete
	layer_12: were wi ceter

file: 4572-112383-0002.flac
expected: scorched by the fiery god of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_2: scogedo ydt a firy got of day hi onthis mi to hel i lay
	layer_4: scougedt vy the firey got of tay hih on this myto hill i lay
	layer_6: scolgedo wby the firey gad of tday high onthis miy to hill i lay
	layer_8: scolched by the fiery guard of day high on this mity hill i lay
	layer_10: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay
	layer_12: scorched by the fiery guard of day high on this mighty hill i lay

file: 4572-112383-0003.flac
expected: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renewed
	layer_2: each man anyve he brapt me foodt and fily al cr my lie frned
	layer_4: ech man an eve he brat me food and fillial care my lie re ned
	layer_6: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life renearld
	layer_8: each morn and eve he brught me food and filial care my life reneerled
	layer_10: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneeled
	layer_12: each morn and eve he brought me food and filial care my life reneeled

file: 4572-112383-0004.flac
expected: swift to the south his course he bent and cleft the yielding element
	layer_2: sweed to desowud his calls he bend and claft a yealding alemend
	layer_4: swefed to dhesoud his calls he bend and clefd t ayielding alemend
	layer_6: sweefed to decild his calls he bent and clefft tha yielding aliment
	layer_8: swevd to desalt his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment
	layer_10: sweved to descault his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment
	layer_12: sweved to descot his calls he bent and cleft the yielding aliment

file: 4572-112383-0005.flac
expected: the holy spirits of the air came round me as i marvelled there and cried as their bright legions met o say is sita living yet
	layer_2: the holis perid sofe d ir came row me as i marvul d and crid as ta brit legian smat osa is seta leaving yet
	layer_4: the whol is perits of th air came row me as i marval dar and cried as der brit legians mat osay is setor leaving yet
	layer_6: the wholes perits of the air came rou me as i marvalder and cried as their bright ligian s mat ose is seatar leaving yet
	layer_8: the wholest perrots of the air came round me as i marval dere and cried as their bride legiansmet o say is ceta leaving yet
	layer_10: the holyst perrots of the air came round me as i marvel dere and cried as their bride lygions met o say is cetar leaving yet
	layer_12: the holyest perrots of the air came round me as i marvel dere and cried as their bride lygions met o say is cetar leaving yet

file: 4572-112383-0006.flac
expected: thus cried the saints and told the name of him who held the struggling dame
	layer_2: does crid to sains and teld do nam af fim who holed de struglig dame
	layer_4: does cried tho sans and tel to name our im who hold te struggling dame
	layer_6: does cried the saines and teld the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_8: does cried the sains and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_10: dosz cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame
	layer_12: doz cried the saints and told the name of him who hold the struggling dame

file: 4572-112383-0007.flac
expected: then from the flood sampati paid due offerings to his brother's shade
	layer_2: tean front of fleat someparti pad do afferings to his broaders shad
	layer_4: ten fromn of floud some partipaid do offerings to his broade shade
	layer_6: ten front a flood some partipaid doe offerings to his broaders shade
	layer_8: ten frant a flood some party paid due offerings to his broawder's shade
	layer_10: ten franta flood some party paid due offerings to his broawder's shade
	layer_12: ten franto flood some party paid due offerings to his browder's shade

file: 4572-112383-0008.flac
expected: seven nights in deadly swoon i passed but struggling life returned at last
	layer_2: seven nigdes indadlysm i paursd but's trngling live fretand atlst
	layer_4: seven nihdts in dalysm i parsd but'strangling live retan at lorsed
	layer_6: severn nights indaredly sormn i parsed but strugling life retand at lased
	layer_8: seven nights in dadly sorn i pased but struggling life returned at last
	layer_10: seven nights in deadly sorn i pased but struggling life returned at last
	layer_12: seven nights in deadly sorn i passed but struggling life returned at last

file: 4572-112383-0009.flac
expected: around i bent my wondering view but every spot was strange and new
	layer_2: a roud i bant my wandering ve but ive rispart was tran gen ne
	layer_4: i round i bant my wondering vil but eve ris part was trange an ner
	layer_6: around i bant my wandering vel but everyspart was strange and near
	layer_8: around i band my wandering vel but every spart was strange and near
	layer_10: around i bent my wandering vee but every sport was strange and near
	layer_12: around i bent my wandering vee but every sport was strange and near

file: 4572-112381-0000.flac
expected: on comrades to the cave i cried and all within the portal hied
	layer_2: on combrets to de cae i tride and aldin the pout hid
	layer_4: on combrets to the cave i crid and aldin the potal hid
	layer_6: on comrates to the cave i cried and allden the portl hid
	layer_8: on comrades to the cave i cried and alden the portl hide
	layer_10: on comrades to the cave i cried and alden the portl hide
	layer_12: on comrades to the cave i cried and alluden the portal hide

file: 4572-112381-0001.flac
expected: here thou with hospitable care hast fed us with the noblest fare preserving us about to die with this thy plentiful supply
	layer_2: he hadow wilth ospitible ca hast faders oat ded no blisst f preservinges a bou to dy wrt dis ti planteful suply
	layer_4: he ador wit hospitable ca hast faders what de no blesst fr preserving us a boud to dy whittis ti plamp tiful supply
	layer_6: he ada with hospitable car hast faders with the noblest far preserving us about to di whait tis dyplantiful supply
	layer_8: he ado with hospitable care hast fattus with the noblest far preserving us about to di whatt is typlantiful supply
	layer_10: he a tou with hospitable care hast fattus with the noblest far preserving us about to di what tis thy plantiful supply
	layer_12: he a thou with hospitable care hast fattus with the noblest fare preserving us about to di what tis thy plantiful supply

file: 4572-112381-0002.flac
expected: but how o pious lady say may we thy gracious boon repay
	layer_2: but how r piues lady say may wed thi greacyus boon repay
	layer_4: but how  piuslady say may we thy gracius boon repay
	layer_6: but how oll piouslady say may we thy graceous boon repay
	layer_8: but how ol pious lady say may wee thy gracius boon repaiy
	layer_10: but how o pious lady say may wee thy gracius boon repay
	layer_12: but how o pious lady say may wee thy graceus boon repay

file: 4572-112381-0003.flac
expected: he ceased the ascetic dame replied well vanars am i satisfied
	layer_2: he sesed tho asitec day erplid rell boners ami sadis fit
	layer_4: he seazed the eseticday ereplied rellboners amiy sadis fiet
	layer_6: he seized the esitic dam replied wellbanas am i satisfied
	layer_8: he seized the asitic dame replied welbanes am i satisfied
	layer_10: he seized the actic dame replied welbanes am i satisfied
	layer_12: he seized the actic dame replied welbanes am i satisfied

file: 4572-112381-0004.flac
expected: a life of holy works i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_2: i life of heliny waks i leed and frobyoul han sno selvisned
	layer_4: i life of olly walks i lead and frobyour hand s no sulvis need
	layer_6: a life of horly walks i leaed and fro your hands no selvics need
	layer_8: a life of holy walks i leaed and from your hands no sulvicse need
	layer_10: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no service need
	layer_12: a life of holy walks i lead and from your hands no survice need

file: 4572-112381-0005.flac
expected: then spake again the vanar chief we came to thee and found relief
	layer_2: dhencspicke aam debona chive we came to ty and folndrelieve
	layer_4: dence pic agaim d abona chieve we came to te and foud releve
	layer_6: dancepick again abon a chief we came to de and found relieve
	layer_8: den spik again a bon a chiefe we came to da and found reliev
	layer_10: den spik again de bon achief we came to d and found relief
	layer_12: den spike again de bon achief we came to d and found relief

file: 4572-112381-0006.flac
expected: now listen to a new distress and aid us holy votaress
	layer_2: nowlsin toed nal distres and aidears wholly voteras
	layer_4: now lessen to a nau distres and iders wholy woteres
	layer_6: now listen to a new distress and aders holly woteres
	layer_8: now listened to a new distress and ados holy wateres
	layer_10: now listen to a new distress and aides holy voteres
	layer_12: now listen to a new distress and ades holy voteres

file: 4572-112381-0007.flac
expected: our wanderings in this vasty cave exhaust the time sugriva gave
	layer_2: o ar wenderings ind is vas to cavve axalsdt a time sudgrye u gave
	layer_4: oarrenderings indisvasti cave exalst a time sugrevagave
	layer_6: ouar renderings in disvasty cave exhalsed a time segreva gave
	layer_8: our renderings in dis vaste cave exhalst a time sagriva gave
	layer_10: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave
	layer_12: our renderings in disvasty cave exhaust a time sagriva gave

file: 4572-112381-0008.flac
expected: once more then lady grant release and let thy suppliants go in peace again upon their errand sped for king sugriva's ire we dread
	layer_2: aoncemballden laty dradre les and let d i suplen sco inpes a cawn upon ter araon spat folking sa rev oas ir we drt
	layer_4: once mall dan lady dgrandrelease and leti supplian sko in pes agan upon dter erans ped falking segrev as ir we drad
	layer_6: once wballdan lady drand  reles and let thi suppliansco in pease a gan upun ther aransped falking segre eazir we dread
	layer_8: once maldan lady grant reliese and let thisupplians go in pease again upon der erand's ped falking segri vazi we dread
	layer_10: once maldan lady grant reliese and let dy suppliants go in peace agan upon the errant's ped falking sagrin vaziah we dread
	layer_12: once maldan lady grant reliese and let dhy suppliants go in peace a gan upon the errant's ped falking sagrin vaziah we dread

file: 4572-112381-0009.flac
expected: and the great task our sovereign set alas is unaccomplished yet
	layer_2: and e great tousk olasoren set alowsis ini compleshedtirt
	layer_4: and a great towsk orarsolrein set allowis ana complishet yerd
	layer_6: and ta great task aea solrin set alose is unaccomplished yed
	layer_8: and ta great task o salreene set alocse is unaccomplished yet
	layer_10: and a great task our salren set alis is unaccomplished yet
	layer_12: and a great task our salren set aloce is unaccomplished yet

file: 4572-112381-0010.flac
expected: and heard his waters roar and rave terrific with each crested wave
	layer_2: and holit his watersra andrave tari ti out ach crast at wayv
	layer_4: and holled his waters ral and rave terifick oul t ach crased at wayve
	layer_6: and holred his waters ral and rave terrific woud each crast at wave
	layer_8: and holred his waters roaw and rave terrifick wld each crest at wave
	layer_10: and holed his waters roar and rave terifick wol t each crest at wave
	layer_12: and holed his waters roar and rave terifick wol t each crest at wave

file: 4572-112381-0011.flac
expected: the month is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_2: demant is lost intil and pan and nouw my frienswhat hopesri maind
	layer_4: temontas laost in tile and pain and now my friends what hopes re main
	layer_6: demantis lost en toile and pain and now my friends what hopes remaine
	layer_8: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_10: demand is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain
	layer_12: demant is lost in toil and pain and now my friends what hopes remain

file: 4572-112381-0012.flac
expected: your hearts with strong affection fraught his weal in every labour sought and the true valour of your band was blazoned wide in every land
	layer_2: your hods wit strong efectian frout he is wel in averela bu salt and te truw veller of our band was blesandwid i  are land
	layer_4: your hods wit strung a fection frod he is whel in everelabur sot and the true vellaor of your band was bleasantd wide inavery land
	layer_6: your hourds with strong affection fraud he is will in every laburs sougt and the true vellor of your band was bleazsant wide in every land
	layer_8: your hords with strong affection fraud heis will in every labour sought and the true velor of your band was bleasant wide in every land
	layer_10: your hods with strong affection fraud hs will in every labour soght and the true valour of your band was pleasand wide in every land
	layer_12: your hords with strong affection fraud his will in every labour soght and the true valor of your band was pleasand wide in every land

file: 4572-112381-0013.flac
expected: come let us all from food abstain and perish thus since hope is vain
	layer_2: comelet a sall fromfodepstan and parish doas since hop is van
	layer_4: come lettasall from fod ubstain and parish toes sincehope is vain
	layer_6: come let us all from food ebstain and parishe does since hope is vain
	layer_8: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_10: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain
	layer_12: come let us all from food abstain and perish does since hope is vain

file: 4572-112381-0014.flac
expected: far better thus to end our lives and leave our wealth our homes and wives leave our dear little ones and all than by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_2: fa bater dears to and oalives an leve auweoud ar home s and wis laeve o adea litin on s and al den by hise vageful hand to fo
	layer_4: far bat te ders to and o alives and leave alrlwelt oure homes and wives lave ofa dea litten ons and al den by his vangeful hand to fol
	layer_6: far batter dues to and of ar lives and leave aurl reld our homes and wives lave of a dear little onse and all dem by his vangeful hand to fall
	layer_8: far batter does to end ofur lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave of dear little ones and al dem by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_10: far batter does to end our lives and leave our weld our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all dem by his vengeful hand to fall
	layer_12: far batter does to end our lives and leave our welt our homes and wives lave our dear little ones and all dem by his vengeful hand to fall

file: 4572-112381-0015.flac
expected: our forfeit lives will surely pay for idle search and long delay and our fierce king will bid us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_2: ov ar forfed lives in sanlypa for idnsoch an lon de lay and toe a feores king will beede es dy the faveer of his frend to b
	layer_4: of a forphit lives in sarly payg for eidol soch and long to lay and tho a fhiours king will beat ers dy the favor of his friend to by
	layer_6: of a fourfid lives inscarely pay for idele soarch and long te lay and tha o fers king will beat es die the favor of his friend to by
	layer_8: of a forfid lives in sharly pay for idle search and long de lay and thou ofiers king will bea as die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_10: of o forfeid lives in carly pay for idle search and long delay and thouofirs king will beat us die the favour of his friend to buy
	layer_12: of o forfeid lives in charley pay for idle search and long delay and thouorfirs king will beat us die the favour of his friend to buy

file: 4572-112381-0016.flac
expected: then tara softly spake to cheer the vanars hearts oppressed by fear despair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_2: thentutar soflespake to che the bon er's hold so prest by he thispar no more ye douts dispel comm in dhesampul caen dow
	layer_4: then tara soflys pake to chear the boner's hots o pressed by hea this pa no more your douts dispel come in thesampule cavrn del
	layer_6: then taa softless pake to cheer the borner's horts oppressed by fer this paire no more your doubt dispell come in thi s ample cavern dwell
	layer_8: tentara softly pake to cher the barner's hors oppressed by fer dispar no more your doubts dispell come in thisample cavorn dwell
	layer_10: den tara softly pake to cheer the barner's hots oppressed by fer dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cavern dwell
	layer_12: den tara softly spaked to cheer the barner's hoarts oppressed by fer dispair no more your doubts dispel come in this ample cabern dwell

file: 4572-112381-0017.flac
expected: thou fondly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brave
	layer_2: dou founlyhoperst indiscave the vangian sofe the fo to bra
	layer_4: thou founly hopest in discave the vangience of the fo to brah
	layer_6: thoure foundly hopesed in tdiscave the vangiance of the fo to brathe
	layer_8: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brathe
	layer_10: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brathe
	layer_12: thou foundly hopest in this cave the vengeance of the foe to brathe

file: 4572-112381-0018.flac
expected: but lakshman's arm a shower will send of deadly shafts those walls to rend
	layer_2: but luchmence aom as shar alwi send offtadle shats tos wlds torend
	layer_4: but lucxhmen's arm a sharal with send of tadly shattills wals to rend
	layer_6: but luxment's arm a shar ar will send aftadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_8: but luxhman's arm i shaar will send af dadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_10: but luchman's arm a shawar will send af deadly shaft stills walls to rend
	layer_12: but lucshman's arm a schawar will send af deadly shaft stills walls to rend

file: 4572-112381-0019.flac
expected: thy loving kinsman true and wise looks on thee still with favouring eyes
	layer_2: ty loveing canseman truw wune wis nokes oneteyus tal it fabring ys
	layer_4: thy loveing kanstman true on wis noks onetes tel wit fabering eyes
	layer_6: thy love in kenstman true ron wis loks ontease til with fabouring eyes
	layer_8: thy love in kensman true runwise loks on te ase tal with favouring eyes
	layer_10: thy loving kentsman tru run wise lokes untes tal with favoring eyes
	layer_12: thy loving kentsman true un wise lorks un tes tal with favouring eyes

file: 4572-112375-0000.flac
expected: he heard the prince's furious tread he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_2: he halld da preses ferius trat he soul his es lo feyursly ret
	layer_4: he hald a prices ferioas trad he saul his eyes glow feersly red
	layer_6: he hald ta princes furioustrad he sau his eyes glow fieersly red
	layer_8: he halled ta princess furios trad he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_10: he halled a princess furious trat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red
	layer_12: he halled a princess furious traat he saw his eyes glow fiercely red

file: 4572-112375-0001.flac
expected: swift sprang the monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden seat
	layer_2: sfetispran damoer to his fed bstarding from is gold end set
	layer_4: sefts prang damonerd to his fed obstarding from his goldend sed
	layer_6: serfts prang damonorg to his feed obstarding from his golden sed
	layer_8: saved spring de monark to his feet ubstarting from his golden seedt
	layer_10: sefed spring de monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden sed
	layer_12: sefed spring de monarch to his feet upstarting from his golden set

file: 4572-112375-0002.flac
expected: ungrateful vanar king art thou and faithless to thy plighted vow
	layer_2: un grat ful bonar caing o do and fateles to di plithad v
	layer_4: un greatful boun er king or do and fatless to die pliedadvo
	layer_6: un grateful boner king a do and fateless to dieplied advow
	layer_8: ungrateful bornar king ar tou and fateless to die plihd at vow
	layer_10: ungrateful boner king art tou and fateless to die plited vow
	layer_12: ungrateful boner king art thou and fateless to die plihted vow

file: 4572-112375-0003.flac
expected: now if thy pride disown what he high thoughted prince has done for thee struck by his arrows shalt thou fall and bali meet in yama's hall
	layer_2: thow ifti pride deson wat he hi talta prin sas ton fote struk by his airows shal do fol and baly met i yam as hol
	layer_4: thou if ti pried desowne what he hig talta prins ays don fo te struck byt his arows shalt or falle and bally met in yo as hale
	layer_6: nou if di pride tisown what he hi taldtet prince has tone for de strug by his arrows shaltou fall and barly meat inyamas hall
	layer_8: no if ti pride te zone what he hig talted prince has done for te struckg by his arrows shalt our fall and barli met in yamah's hall
	layer_10: now if dy pride dezone wat he high talted prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and bali met in yma's hall
	layer_12: now if dy pride de zone wat he hih thalted prince has done for te struck by his arrows shalt ou fall and bali met in yoma's hall

file: 4572-112375-0004.flac
expected: still open to the gloomy god lies the sad path thy brother trod
	layer_2: still apim to d e glo me goud lisede san pat di brodt a trod
	layer_4: still oppen to the glowme god lied a sant pat di bradt a troad
	layer_6: still oppen to the glowmy god lies ta sant pat di broat a trod
	layer_8: still open to the glomy god lies te sad pat ti broada trod
	layer_10: still open to the glomy god lies the sad pat dy broad a trod
	layer_12: still open to the glomy god lies the sad pat dy broad a trod

file: 4572-112375-0005.flac
expected: then to thy plighted word be true nor let thy steps that path pursue
	layer_2: then todia plided wa to betre no let tistepstet pouto poso
	layer_4: then to iplidhed wal to be trew no letistep stent pout porsu
	layer_6: then to di apply the  wald be true no let thy steps tand pout pursu
	layer_8: then to die appli the t world be true no let thy steps tem pout pursou
	layer_10: then to thiapided world be true nor let thy steps stemp out pursoo
	layer_12: then to thie apited wold be true nor let thy steps temp out pursoo

file: 4572-112375-0006.flac
expected: he ceased and tara starry eyed thus to the angry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speech so fraught with bitterness not thus reproached my lord should be and least of all o prince by thee
	layer_2: h seesed and tar as tary id tos to do en reprins sereplit noto my lod shouldsdo e trese i spech  so frowt woito beto nese nott ese erpproagedo my lo shld ba a list of all o prin spite
	layer_4: he sezed antaraus tary eyed toes to the enreprinse replid noto my lord should dour attress espege so frout woi t be tenesse notoes eproacedto my lod shuld ba an list of all o prin s byde
	layer_6: he seized an taras tary eyed toes to the en rye prince replied not to my lord should dou attress espec so frout at bea toness not does reproachedto my lord should be unlist of all ou prince by dee
	layer_8: he ceized an taru starry eyed toes to the enry prince replied not to my lord should thou atddress a speach so froud wort beatennes not does eproach  my lord should be andlist of all our prince by thee
	layer_10: he ceized and tara tarry eyed tus to the enry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speaech so frout rt beatenes not dos reproach to my lord should be and list of all ou prince by thee
	layer_12: he ceized and tara starry eyed tos to the engry prince replied not to my lord shouldst thou address a speach so frout ort beatenes not dos reproach to my lord should be and list of all ou prince by thee

file: 4572-112375-0007.flac
expected: from paths of truth he never strays nor wanders in forbidden ways
	layer_2: frompart s uftru hin nave es tras novandes in fo bedand ways
	layer_4: from parts oftrue hin nevers trase nol wanders in foal bed and ways
	layer_6: from parts ave true he nevoer's tras no wanders in forbid and ways
	layer_8: from parts af true he nevers tras no wonders in forlbid end ways
	layer_10: from parts of true he never's trays no wonders in forbiden ways
	layer_12: from parts of true he never's trays no wonders in forbidden ways

file: 4572-112375-0008.flac
expected: ne'er will sugriva's heart forget by rama saved the lasting debt
	layer_2: therevo si revas heard fwoket by rowmu saed the lasting dept
	layer_4: therevout w sirivas heart focet by ramur saved te lasting deped
	layer_6: theva il senri vors heart foget by rama saved the lasting dept
	layer_8: thereou will soongrevou's heart forget by rama saved the lasting dept
	layer_10: neretou will soon rivou's heart forget by ramah saved the lasting dept
	layer_12: nheretou wilt soon rivau's heart forget by ramah saved the lasting dept

file: 4572-112375-0009.flac
expected: restored to fame by rama's grace to empire o'er the vanar race from ceaseless dread and toil set free restored to ruma and to me by grief and care and exile tried new to the bliss so long denied like visvamitra once alas he marks not how the seasons pass
	layer_2: resto te fa by ramas gras to edpir ovrt abanor ras from seinsdis drad and chil sat free restol to romur adto me by grefend caire and exile trid nel to d a bes so lo d od nit lykve sho i d a lons alos he marksed ot howde sensancs paas
	layer_4: restope to fam by ram ars gras to empire overedhebane raise from senseles dred and tile sat free restold to roumer and to me by grefand car and exile trid neel to th liss so long ti nit likevhe sho mi tro ons alous he marks ot how tho sensan's powse
	layer_6: restoe to fame by rama's grase to empire over the barne rays from seinseless dread and toil sat free restoled te rumor and to me by grief and care and exiled tried kneel to the bliss so long the night like thi shametro ancs allows he marks not how the sensan's pows
	layer_8: restore to fame by rama's gras to empire over the barner rays from senceless dread and toil set free restoled to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long the night like vhe shamiro once alows he marks not how the sceansan's powers
	layer_10: restore to fame by ramah's grase to empire over the barner rays from senseless dread and toil set free restored to rumor and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long the nit like thi shamitro woncs alows he marks not how the sceas an's powers
	layer_12: restored to fame by ramah's grase to empire over the barner rays from seanseless dread and toil set free restored to rumour and to me by grief and care and exile trid kneel to the bliss so long the niht like thi shamitro wonce allows he marks not how the sceasan's powers

file: 4572-112375-0010.flac
expected: the matrons of the vanar race see marks of fury in thy face they see thine eyes like blood are red and will not yet be comforted
	layer_2: the matiron subt r vanaras sa malks of fery idive fas tay see din eyes lake blot arret an wedout yet becom foutert
	layer_4: the matron suet a vana raiyse samorgs o fery in div fais they see din eyes likte blood i red and will ot yet becomfougterd
	layer_6: the mattrone s of the vanar rayse sa margs of feory in die pase they see din eyes like blood a red and will not yet becomfarted
	layer_8: the mattrons of the vana rays se margs of fury in dive phas they see dine eyes like blood i red and will not yet become foted
	layer_10: the mattrons of the vana rays sey margs of fury in dive phase they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd
	layer_12: the mattrons of the vana rays sey margs of fury in dive phas they see dine eyes like blood are red and will not yet become forterd

file: 4572-112375-0011.flac
expected: she ceased and lakshman gave assent won by her gentle argument
	layer_2: she seesed andluchmen gae e send won by har joun dl rgamend
	layer_4: she sezed and luchiman gave a sent one by har jountl argament
	layer_6: she seized an luximan gave acent one by her jontl arguament
	layer_8: she seized a luchyman gave ascent one by her joutal arguament
	layer_10: she seized and lucshman gave assent one by her gental argument
	layer_12: she seized and lukshman gave assent one by her gental argument

file: 4572-112375-0012.flac
expected: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_2: so towros peding just andmild he is souffunin cat had reconsilb
	layer_4: so towro s pleding just and mild he his sofftenyng haut had re consil
	layer_6: so taror''s peding just and mild he his softening hat had reconcild
	layer_8: so tara's pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_10: so taras pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled
	layer_12: so taras pleading just and mild his softening heart had reconciled

file: 4572-112375-0013.flac
expected: the hero's side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_2: the hereows sid i will lot leyoue but hedhe canquast shall e che you
	layer_4: the hero side i will not leve but he t ea conquest shall a che
	layer_6: the hero side i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_8: the heros sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_10: the heroes sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve
	layer_12: the heroes sighed i will not leave but he the conquest shall achieve

file: 4572-112375-0014.flac
expected: so strong art thou so brave and bold so pure in thought so humble souled that thou deservest well to reign and all a monarch's bliss to gain
	layer_2: sostraong oudo so bravand beod so per tollt so hubo seod the dou desovest wellto ran and al ley monre spis to gan
	layer_4: so strong or daw so brave and beld so piore in tallt so humbl solld the dou deserverst well to rainmn and all ley moner spliss to gain
	layer_6: so strong ar da so brave and beld so pir in tault so humble soeld the dhoug deservous t well to rain and all e monr spliss to gain
	layer_8: so strong ar da so brave and beld so pre intault so humbled sold tha thou deservest well to rein and all a monra's plice to gain
	layer_10: so strong ar da so brave and beld so pure intalt so humble sould that thou deservest well to reign and all a monac's bliss to gain
	layer_12: so strong ar da so brave and beld so pure intalt so humble sould that thou deservest well to rein and all a monac's bliss to gain

file: 4572-112375-0015.flac
expected: lend thou my brother aid and all his foes beneath his arm will fall
	layer_2: than dow my broder eied an oal he s fose ben it his om wl fo
	layer_4: lant my broader ad and al heis fose been it his orm wil fo
	layer_6: lantow by broder aid and all heis fost benet his arm will fal
	layer_8: lanta my brother aid and all hes foes bennet his arm will fall
	layer_10: lanta my brother aid and all hes foes benet his arm will fall
	layer_12: lanta my brother aid and all hes foes benet his arm will fall

file: 6599-38590-0000.flac
expected: whatever hand it was that shot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_2: what ever hand at was the chot down burben rom after his dafugh was plundered devistated and rabaged by  brelole greety lesencious and fanatical sultr
	layer_4: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rom after is deafh was plundered devistated and rabaged by  brutl gredy lecentious and fanatical solter
	layer_6: whatever hand it was the chot down burban rome after his deat was plundered devastated and rabbaged by a brutal greety lesentious and panatical sultury
	layer_8: whatever hand it was the chot down burbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldier
	layer_10: whatever hand it was the chot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery
	layer_12: whatever hand it was the chot down bourbon rome after his death was plundered devastated and ravaged by a brutal greedy licentious and fanatical soldiery

file: 6599-38590-0001.flac
expected: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_2: wherefor for the futur rigdus nothing at all but apointust the time and place of nmeeding and llwill bring our sord for u to cros prtesting that the shame of anyd delay in fihting shall be yors seing that hene it comes to an an counter there isn end ofe all righting
	layer_4: wherefore for the future ritus nothing at all but a point us the time and place of meeding and wlewll bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seing that when itccomes to an incounter there isn end of all rigting
	layer_6: wherefore for the future write ust nothing at all but appoint us the time ind place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_8: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_10: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing
	layer_12: wherefore for the future write us nothing at all but appoint us the time and place of meeting and we will bring our sword for you to cross protesting that the shame of any delay in fighting shall be yours seeing that when it comes to an encounter there is an end of all writing

file: 6599-38590-0002.flac
expected: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_2: seir andswered tdhe spanured promit matod do my offacs and say what the emperhas targ me to say
	layer_4: sir andswred the spanued ferm it me to do my office and say what the emperhas charge me to say
	layer_6: sir answered the spanard from it me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_8: sir answered the spaniard prmit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_10: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say
	layer_12: sir answered the spaniard permit me to do my office and say what the emperor has charged me to say

file: 6599-38590-0003.flac
expected: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent signed by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_2: nay i will nat lisendo the said feriences if thouden first give me apatansinmed by thi master contaning in aplint ment of tine and place sir i have orderse to re dew the c artell and givit yu afterwards
	layer_4: nay i will not listene to the said frences if thou donoi first give me a papent sin by thy master containting in appointment of time and place sir i have orders to re you that cartell and give it you afterwards
	layer_6: may i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you tha cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_8: mnay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cartel and give it you afterwards
	layer_10: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cortel and give it you afterwards
	layer_12: nay i will not listen to thee said francis if thou do not first give me a patent sign by thy master containing an appointment of time and place sir i have orders to read you the cortele and give it you afterwards

file: 6599-38590-0004.flac
expected: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_2: purenty  sheld being putout begam again sir
	layer_4: purgandy soult being put out begaim again sir
	layer_6: bergandy shout being put out begamn again sir
	layer_8: burgandywithout being put out began again sir
	layer_10: burgundy without being put out began again sir
	layer_12: bergundy without being put out began again sir

file: 6599-38590-0005.flac
expected: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_2: nay said frences i will not suffer him dospeack to ma befor his given me upointemento timemonsclace
	layer_4: nay said frances i will not suffer him to speak to me before he is given me upoint ment of timeon lace
	layer_6: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he as given me appointment of time in' place
	layer_8: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me appointment of time and place
	layer_10: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me a pointment of time and place
	layer_12: nay said francis i will not suffer him to speak to me before he has given me a pointment of time and place

file: 6599-38590-0006.flac
expected: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_2: givit me or rereturn as thou astd come
	layer_4: give it me or return as thoug ast come
	layer_6: give it me or return as thou ast come
	layer_8: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_10: give it me or return as thou hast come
	layer_12: give it me or return as thou hast come

file: 6599-38590-0007.flac
expected: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_2: i am quit willing saud beking let him hat it
	layer_4: i am quite willing said thekinglet him hat it
	layer_6: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_8: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_10: i am quite willing said the king let him have it
	layer_12: i am quite willing said the king let him have it

file: 6599-38590-0008.flac
expected: the peace of cambrai was called the ladies peace in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and of very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessities and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_2: the pece of cambri was calldd the ladyes pease in unner of the two princesses who hadgochiated it the moraly different an o very unyqual waorth they both had mins of a reare order and trainedto reconis politiclf the cessidis and not to attempt any but possible sexeses
	layer_4: the piece of cambri was called the ladies piece in hunor of the two princesses who had gochiated it the moraly different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rar order and traimed to reconize politicl the cessitus and not to attempt anye but possible successes
	layer_6: the piece of cambary was called the ladies piece in honor of the two princesses who had gotiated it the morally different and a very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and traimed to recognized political necessitues and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_8: the piece of cambra was called the ladie's pieace in honor of the two princesses who hadnegotiated it theugh morally different and o very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_10: the piece of cambray was called the ladie's piece in honour of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and o very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes
	layer_12: the piece of cambray was called the ladie's piece in honor of the two princesses who had negotiated it though morally different and o very unequal worth they both had minds of a rare order and trained to recognize political necessitutes and not to attempt any but possible successes

file: 6599-38590-0009.flac
expected: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_2: all the great paolit colacter seemed hurying a lay from the stage as if the dramaler  prothing atestend
	layer_4: all the great politicalactor seemed hurying away from the stage as if the drame werea proaching its end
	layer_6: all the great political actor seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_8: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_10: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end
	layer_12: all the great political actors seemed hurrying away from the stage as if the drama were approaching its end

file: 6599-38591-0000.flac
expected: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dreux he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_2: confiftensixty to at the battl of dr he was aged an so ild that nonexpecte do sy him one horsph
	layer_4: cinfifteen sixtyto at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expectod tocee him on horsepar
	layer_6: cin fifteen sixty two at the battle of drew he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsebar
	layer_8: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dre he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horsebak
	layer_10: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback
	layer_12: in fifteen sixty two at the battle of dru he was aged and so ill that none expected to see him on horseback

file: 6599-38591-0001.flac
expected: he fully armed save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honor of god and our king
	layer_2: he fully arm save onlyhs head answered him righte well sir thisus the real metison that half cured me fr the bata which es to ward and u prparing for the honer of gd an our camp
	layer_4: he fully arm save only s head answered him right well sir thisis the real medisom that hate cured me for the battl which is toward and up preparing for the honor of god an our cam
	layer_6: he fully arm save only his head answered him right well sir this is the real medicin that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and appreparing for the honour of god and our camp
	layer_8: he fully armed save only his head answered him rigt well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and a preparing for the honour of god and ar camp
	layer_10: he fully armed save only his head answered him rigt well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and o preparing for the honor of god and our camp
	layer_12: he fully armed save only his head answered him rit well sir this is the real medicine that hath cured me for the battle which is toward and o preparing for the honor of god and our camp

file: 6599-38591-0002.flac
expected: the ladies peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_2: the ladies pies concouded acambri an syfteeme twoyn nine lasted up tof fiftem thirty sixs in sessently troubled te however by farfrom pasifeccemtoms precedings and preparatioens
	layer_4: the ladis pece concuded at cambery and fifteen twntn nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six insessently troubled however by far from pasifeccymptoms proceedings and prparations
	layer_6: the ladi's peace concluded a cambray and fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptims proceedings and peparations
	layer_8: the ladis peace concluded a cambray in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_10: the ladie's peace concluded at cambrai in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations
	layer_12: the ladi's peace concluded at cambra in fifteen twenty nine lasted up to fifteen thirty six incessantly troubled however by far from pacific symptoms proceedings and preparations

file: 6599-38591-0003.flac
expected: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_2: at lass he descided upon retreating
	layer_4: at lasts he decided upon retreating
	layer_6: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_8: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_10: at last he decided upon retreating
	layer_12: at last he decided upon retreating

file: 6599-38591-0004.flac
expected: it was garcilaso de la vega the prince of spanish poesy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_2: it was gars olasow dielovga the prins of spanish posy the spanished pecturrk according to his fello countrmen
	layer_4: it was garseelaso dillaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanished pretrark according to his fellow countrmen
	layer_6: it was garsilaso delaviga the prince of spanish posy the spanishd petrarc according to his fellow countryment
	layer_8: it was garsilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posy the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_10: it was garcilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posi the spanish petrarch according to his fellow countrymen
	layer_12: it was garsilaso de laviga the prince of spanish posi the spanish petrarc according to his fellow countrymen

file: 6599-38591-0005.flac
expected: montmorency signed a similar one for piedmont
	layer_2: momer ante simnd o simler one for peed m
	layer_4: momer enci sind o similar one for peedmih
	layer_6: momor ensi signd a similar one for ped mine
	layer_8: momerenci signed a similar one for pedmin
	layer_10: momer enci signed a similar one for pedmin
	layer_12: momerenti signed a similar one for pedmin

file: 6599-38591-0006.flac
expected: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_2: they al repared together to the hous propared for their reseption and after dinner the emperore being tired lay down d a rest on a couch queen elenerof befor long went antapted his door and sent word to the king the the emper was awak
	layer_4: they all repared together to the house prepared for their were ception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay downd orest on accouch queen elener before long went andtapted his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awak
	layer_6: they all repared together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went andtappd at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_8: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elenor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_10: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen elanor before long went and tpapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake
	layer_12: they all repaired together to the house prepared for their reception and after dinner the emperor being tired lay down to rest on a couch queen eleanor before long went and tapped at his door and sent word to the king that the emperor was awake

file: 6599-38591-0007.flac
expected: francis with the cardinal de lorraine and the constable de montmorency soon arrived
	layer_2: frances with he cardnaled the larain and the constible te mle mor ency sonarived
	layer_4: frances with the cardinal the larein and the constible themle more ency soonarived
	layer_6: francis with the cardinal de laraine and the constable de momoranci soon arrived
	layer_8: francis with the cardinal de lorein and the constable demomorenci soon arrived
	layer_10: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the constable de momorenti soon arrived
	layer_12: francis with the cardinal de lorain and the constable de momorenti soon arrived

file: 6599-38591-0008.flac
expected: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_2: un entering the chamber he foun the emperor still lang down and sha ing with his sistedte queenwho was seded besied him on he chair
	layer_4: onentering the chamber he found the emperoer still lang down and shading with his sistere the queen who was seaded beside him on ta chair
	layer_6: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lang down and shatting with his sister te queen who as seated beside him on a chair
	layer_8: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_10: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair
	layer_12: on entering the chamber he found the emperor still lying down and chatting with his sister the queen who was seated beside him on a chair

file: 6599-38591-0009.flac
expected: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_2: yes said charls i had mad such chere that i was a bliged to sle pot f
	layer_4: yes said charles i had made such chear that i was oblige to sleep it oft
	layer_6: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_8: yes said charles i had made such cheeer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_10: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off
	layer_12: yes said charles i had made such cheer that i was obliged to sleep it off

file: 6599-38591-0010.flac
expected: francis did the converse with his own collar
	layer_2: francested the conbers with his own coler
	layer_4: francestid the conbers with his own colar
	layer_6: francis tod the convers with his own collar
	layer_8: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_10: francis stood the converse with his own collar
	layer_12: francis stood the converse with his own collar

file: 6599-38591-0011.flac
expected: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two sovereigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_2: only sevene of the attendens remained in the emperors chamber and there the two savrencs conveirstd four an houer after which they moved to the hall wher  splinded super awated them
	layer_4: only seven of the attendencs remained in the imperors chamber and there the two savrens converst for an hour after which they moved to the hall where asplended supper awaited them
	layer_6: only seven of the attendante remained in the emperors chamber and there the two savrins conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_8: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two saverigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_10: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savreigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them
	layer_12: only seven of the attendants remained in the emperor's chamber and there the two savreigns conversed for an hour after which they moved to the hall where a splendid supper awaited them

file: 6599-38591-0012.flac
expected: the ghentese pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_2: the gantiese pleaded their privblage of not being lible to betaxed with out theirond consent
	layer_4: the gainties pleaded their privilage of not being lible to be taxed with out thei rownd concent
	layer_6: the guenties pleaded their privilege of not being lible to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_8: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_10: the gentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent
	layer_12: the guentes pleaded their privilege of not being liable to be taxed without their own consent

file: 6599-38591-0013.flac
expected: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous accession
	layer_2: orders had beensent everwore to recive him as kings of friancse or received on their joyous asesho
	layer_4: orders had been sent everywhere to receve him as kings of france ae received on their joyous asesio
	layer_6: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous asession
	layer_8: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous assession
	layer_10: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous ascession
	layer_12: orders had been sent everywhere to receive him as kings of france are received on their joyous ascession

file: 5543-27761-0000.flac
expected: lelechka was a delightful child
	layer_2: lilluch gi was a do itful child
	layer_4: liluch gio was a doightful child
	layer_6: he lutch go was a dewightful child
	layer_8: lhe lutchgo was a delightful child
	layer_10: lolutchka was a delightful child
	layer_12: lolutchka was a delightful child

file: 5543-27761-0001.flac
expected: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_2: the was now ther such child thurn n afverhadbein and their never wildby
	layer_4: there was now ther such child theire nover had bein and their never woldbe
	layer_6: there was no ther such child there never had been and theyr never would be
	layer_8: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_10: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be
	layer_12: there was no other such child there never had been and there never would be

file: 5543-27761-0002.flac
expected: lelechka's mother serafima aleksandrovna was sure of that
	layer_2: welech gis mother serfy ma ecsenm jrove no was shurof that
	layer_4: wel lutchgas mother serefew malic san jrovna was sur of that
	layer_6: wil lutchga's mother sarpfhem alixs and drovna was sur of that
	layer_8: wel lechka's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_10: willetchka's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that
	layer_12: wil letchka's mother saraphima alexandrovna was sure of that

file: 5543-27761-0003.flac
expected: lelechka's eyes were dark and large her cheeks were rosy her lips were made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_2: lolch his eyes wheredaricin large her cheeks or rosy her loopd r mad forokisses in forelafter
	layer_4: lolich his eyes were dark and large her cheeks ar rosy her loped hermade for kisses and for lafter
	layer_6: lolech his eyes were dark in large her cheeks are rosy her lopd here mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_8: lolichhis eyes were dark and large her cheeks ar rosy her lips are mad for kisses and for laughter
	layer_10: lolch''s eyes were dark and large her cheeks are rosy her lips ere made for kisses and for laughter
	layer_12: lolich's eyes were dark and large her cheeks ere rosy her lips ere made for kisses and for laughter

file: 5543-27761-0004.flac
expected: but it was not these charms in lelechka that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_2: but it was not thes chimes anl lech get the gave her motherh the ken as troy
	layer_4: but it was not these charms andmw lutchgot the gave her mother the ken es jroy
	layer_6: but it was not these charms and wele luch god tha gave her mother the kenest joy
	layer_8: but it was not these charms an ill lutchgood that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_10: but it was not these charms n wellutchgood that gave her mother the keenest joy
	layer_12: but it was not these charms in wel lutchgood that gave her mother the keenest joy

file: 5543-27761-0005.flac
expected: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_2: she tout cold with her husben
	layer_4: she felt cold with her husban
	layer_6: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_8: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_10: she felt cold with her husband
	layer_12: she felt cold with her husband

file: 5543-27761-0006.flac
expected: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_2: he was ow ays freshiond cool withe friged smile and werver he past coled curenceeeme omoveen the are
	layer_4: he was alis fresh an cool with a friged smile and wever he passed cold curenc seemed to movein the air
	layer_6: he was always fresh and cool with a friged smile and whever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_8: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and whrver he passtd cold currents seemed to move in the air
	layer_10: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold current seemed to move in the air
	layer_12: he was always fresh and cool with a frigid smile and wherever he passed cold currents seemed to move in the air

file: 5543-27761-0007.flac
expected: it even seemed to serafima aleksandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_2: it even seeme  act seir  f e man ou san drvno that she was n lobeither fu tereuasbman and thist mate her happy
	layer_4: it even seem at serifemat alan droveno that she was in lobe with heir future husban and this made her happy
	layer_6: it even seemed to atserafema alxin drovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_8: it even seemed t atsara fiema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_10: it even seemed to atsera fema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy
	layer_12: it even seemed to atserafema alexandrovna that she was in love with her future husband and this made her happy

file: 5543-27761-0008.flac
expected: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very tactful
	layer_2: the brad was talsa god looking she was a t all darked dar chad giro some whant im id but very tatful
	layer_4: the brad was also good looking she was a tall darkeyde dark hared gir some what tim ae but very tatful
	layer_6: the brad was also good looking she was a tall darkeyede dark haired girl some what tomid but very thactful
	layer_8: the bread was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very cactful
	layer_10: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very taptful
	layer_12: the bride was also good looking she was a tall dark eyed dark haired girl somewhat timid but very taptful

file: 5543-27761-0009.flac
expected: he had connexions and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_2: he had connections an his wife cime of good invllinshal people
	layer_4: he had connections and his wife cime of good infienchal people
	layer_6: he had connections in his wife came of good infaential people
	layer_8: he had connections and his wife came of good infoential people
	layer_10: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people
	layer_12: he had connections and his wife came of good influential people

file: 5543-27761-0010.flac
expected: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_2: this mighdte at the propor opertunity pruvusel
	layer_4: this might at the proper opertunity pruovuseul
	layer_6: this might at the proper opportunity prove usful
	layer_8: this might at the proper opportunity proved useful
	layer_10: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful
	layer_12: this might at the proper opportunity prove useful

file: 5543-27761-0011.flac
expected: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergey modestovich to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_2: after their marriage the was nothing in the manner of sarygaf ofte stovichedo suxgust anything rong to his wife
	layer_4: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sargame ofhe stoviaghe to suggust anything rong to his wife
	layer_6: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of cergum lof a stovich to suggest anything wrong to his life
	layer_8: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergum oastovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_10: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergim ovostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife
	layer_12: after their marriage there was nothing in the manner of sergum ovostovitch to suggest anything wrong to his wife

file: 5543-27761-0012.flac
expected: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergey modestovich established connexions elsewhere of a light and temporary nature
	layer_2: later howlver whene his wive was bou to havea child sargam wothe stofvic us stalish conections elswer of e ligdt intemprary nature
	layer_4: later hoever when his wife was abou to have a child sargame othe stovich us stablish connections elsewhare of te light in temparary nature
	layer_6: later however when his wife was about to have a child sargamemo ther stovich estabulish connections elsewhere of te light intemporary nature
	layer_8: later however when his wife was aboutd to have a child sargamovestovitch established connections elsewhere of te light and temporary nature
	layer_10: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergem oterstovitch established connections elsewhere of te light and temporary nature
	layer_12: later however when his wife was about to have a child sergem otherstovitch established connections elsewhere of ta light and temporary nature

file: 5543-27761-0013.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna found this out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infant with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_2: sirefe ma ealxs in drown ou found the souch an to her ownistashmen mis noperto ulole her she waded her infint with a resliss entio sipation tat swallowd everi other feling
	layer_4: srefemant elox an jrovmenou found the soutc and to her own estoishmen as not pertoculoawly her she waited her infint with a res sless entisipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_6: srfema elix in jrovenah found the south and to her own estonishmen was not particularly hurt she awaited her infint with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_8: sayrapema elexandrovna found the souch and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_10: saraphema alexandrovna found the s out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling
	layer_12: saraphema alexandrovna found thes out and to her own astonishment was not particularly hurt she awaited her infinite with a restless anticipation that swallowed every other feeling

file: 5543-27761-0014.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_2: serefinga alc sin drom nedjifted fr ther and far ther  wa efrom him
	layer_4: serefemat alexs en gronegifted farther and farther way from him
	layer_6: sarphema elixs and drovbnegifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_8: saraphema alexandrovnedrifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_10: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna drifted farther and farther away from him

file: 5543-27761-0015.flac
expected: lelechka then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_2: hlech goo then ran away stambing with her plump little ligs orver the carpets and hiadher self behide the curtans near her bed
	layer_4: luch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hitherself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_6: lutch good then ran away stambing with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_8: luch good then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_10: lutch goo then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed
	layer_12: lutch good then ran away stamping with her plump little legs over the carpets and hid herself behind the curtains near her bed

file: 5543-27761-0016.flac
expected: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lelechka and made believe that she did not see her
	layer_2: wer is my bay be gir the mother a sis she looked frel al luch cud mayd believe that she did not se her
	layer_4: where is my baybe gir the mother aske is she looked foirl a lutch go mayd believe that she did not see her
	layer_6: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked filla lutchga mayd believed that she did not see her
	layer_8: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked frlalechka may believe that she did not see her
	layer_10: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked fr laluchka made believe that she did not see her
	layer_12: where is my baby girl the mother asked as she looked for lalutchka made believe that she did not see her

file: 5543-27761-0017.flac
expected: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lelechka
	layer_2: than she came t a little farther and her motther as ere she had ownle jes cout sihte of her seesed her by her little shoters ind exclame jously har she is miy la lechkap
	layer_4: then she came at a little farther and her mother as oh she had onlygius cught sihde of her seized her by her little shoulders in exclaime joyously here she is my la letchga
	layer_6: then she came at a little farther and her mother as though she had only jus caughtsight of her seized her by her little shoulders ind exclaimed joyously here she is mylalutchca
	layer_8: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalechka
	layer_10: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my lalutchka
	layer_12: then she came out a little farther and her mother as though she had only just caught sight of her seized her by her little shoulders and exclaimed joyously here she is my la lutchka

file: 5543-27761-0018.flac
expected: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_2: her mothers eyes glod itd passion intamotion
	layer_4: her mother's eyes glowed with passion it amotion
	layer_6: her mother's eyes glowed with passionat emotion
	layer_8: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_10: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion
	layer_12: her mother's eyes glowed with passionate emotion

file: 5543-27761-0019.flac
expected: her mother went to hide
	layer_2: her myther ont to hid
	layer_4: her mother wont to hide
	layer_6: her mother want to hide
	layer_8: her mother went to hide
	layer_10: her mother went to hide
	layer_12: her mother went to hide

file: 5543-27761-0020.flac
expected: lelechka turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_2: tel lech good trned aways theur nocha se but whatch d rmamuch a stufhuly al the time
	layer_4: lll lutch good turned away s though notch a see but watchdrmamuch a stuthily all the time
	layer_6: li lutch good turned away as though not to see but watched her ma mochcastouthily all the time
	layer_8: liluchgood turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochka stalthily all the time
	layer_10: lelutchga turned away as though not to see but watched her mamochka stealthily all the time
	layer_12: lelutchka turned away as though not to see but watched her mammochka stealthily all the time

file: 5543-27761-0021.flac
expected: where's my mamochka asked lelechka
	layer_2: wher s mamo much g asla lechca
	layer_4: where is mamon muchga askl oluchka
	layer_6: where is ma a machga aselo luchka
	layer_8: where is mamamachka askedlolutchka
	layer_10: where is mama marchka asked lolutchka
	layer_12: where is mama marchka asked lolutchka

file: 5543-27761-0022.flac
expected: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_2: a smiled axoly blus plate on her wread lips
	layer_4: a smiled absoli bliss plate on her redlips
	layer_6: a smilod absolu bliss played on her red lips
	layer_8: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_10: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips
	layer_12: a smile of absolute bliss played on her red lips

file: 5543-27761-0023.flac
expected: lelechka was getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_2: e lech gose getting neer her mother's cone
	layer_4: h luch go ws getting near her mother's coner
	layer_6: wo lutch go as getting near her mother's corner
	layer_8: u letch gois getting near her mother's corner
	layer_10: olet' gois getting nearer her mother's corner
	layer_12: o let's gois getting nearer her mother's corner

file: 5543-27761-0024.flac
expected: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_2: her other was gryng mor obsorbed evey moment by her einterest in egimg her hert beat with short quick troks an she prest evend closter sho the wall do sarranging her hairs til mor
	layer_4: her mother was grind more obsorbed every moment by her interest in the gaim her heart beat with short quick stroks and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_6: her mother was gring more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall to sarranging her hair still more
	layer_8: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall tisarranging her hair still more
	layer_10: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more
	layer_12: her mother was growing more absorbed every moment by her interest in the game her heart beat with short quick strokes and she pressed even closer to the wall disarranging her hair still more

file: 5543-27761-0025.flac
expected: lelechka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_2: wbut lech ca sudenly glancse toart her mother's corner an  green dd joy
	layer_4: we lech ca suddenly glanced toarter mother's corneranc greend with joy
	layer_6: wut lutch ca suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and greemed with joy
	layer_8: bu luchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screaned with joy
	layer_10: bulutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy
	layer_12: bulutchka suddenly glanced toward her mother's corner and screamed with joy

file: 5543-27761-0026.flac
expected: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_2: throg the have clas dos he her the laufter the joyce aut cris the sound o romping
	layer_4: through the halv clos dors he her the laufhter the joyce outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_6: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyoce outcrise the sound of romping
	layer_8: through the half close doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcris the sound of romping
	layer_10: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping
	layer_12: through the half closed doors he heard the laughter the joyous outcries the sound of romping

file: 5543-27761-0027.flac
expected: even fedosya felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_2: even fordosyafthel tobashd nowver heir misteress nowfor herself
	layer_4: even fordociyaselto bashed now ver her mistreus now for herself
	layer_6: even fodocia felta bashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_8: even for dosia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_10: even fordocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself
	layer_12: even fordocia felt abashed now for her mistress now for herself

file: 5543-27761-0028.flac
expected: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by serafima aleksandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_2: he liked comeing yare where everything was beutifuly aranged this was don by sarefe malecsendrovena who wishd a suoundher little girl from herveary intancy only woutd the lovelyus things
	layer_4: he liked com ing her where everything was beautifuly aranged this was done by sarefemalecenderovena who wishe to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the lovelyus things
	layer_6: he liked coming here wher everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarpema alex cenderovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_8: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by sarafhema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_10: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things
	layer_12: he liked coming here where everything was beautifully arranged this was done by saraphema alexandrovna who wished to surround her little girl from her very infancy only with the loveliest things

file: 5543-27761-0029.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lelechka with the same end in view
	layer_2: sarete mouksondr w na drust herself tasefuly this toe she did forl a luchgo would the same and invu
	layer_4: servtly malcs and drome n a drusset herself tastefully this too she did fourlae luchgo would the same and in view
	layer_6: sarly m alx an droven i dressed herself tastefully this too she did forlolutchga with the same and in view
	layer_8: sarathima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for loluchga with the same end in view
	layer_10: saraphima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolachka with the same end in view
	layer_12: saraphima alexandrovna dressed herself tastefully this too she did for lolutchka with the same end in view

file: 5543-27761-0030.flac
expected: one thing sergey modestovich had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presence in the nursery
	layer_2: one thin sargam ot a stovich had not becomerakcansild to and this was his wives omus contineg ous presence in the nerstery
	layer_4: one thing sargame ut astofvich had not become racond siled to and this was his wives omust continue ous presente in the nursory
	layer_6: one thing sargat motestovitch had not become reckonsiled to and this was his wifes amost continuoust presence in the nursery
	layer_8: one thing serge morastovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presencs in the nursery
	layer_10: one thing sergey moro stovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presencs in the nursery
	layer_12: one thing sergey morostovitch had not become reconciled to and this was his wife's almost continuous presencs in the nursery

file: 5543-27761-0031.flac
expected: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derisive and condescending smile
	layer_2: it's tjust as it fot id nyew that ad find ou hear he said with he dirisiven cond es ending smile
	layer_4: it's just as i thought i knew that had find you here he said with a dirisivin condas anding smile
	layer_6: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derazive in condessending smile
	layer_8: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a derazive andcondescending smile
	layer_10: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a durisive incondescending smile
	layer_12: it's just as i thought i knew that i'd find you here he said with a durisive incondescending smile

file: 5543-27761-0032.flac
expected: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to serafima aleksandrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_2: meale you see that the choild sould feelis own indto bi dallity hexclaind in answer tesarfo ha out sendur of nes puzsiled glanse
	layer_4: mearly you see tat the chald should fielats own indobi duality he excplained an answer deserefuw a alt sendr ovf ness puzle glance
	layer_6: merely you see thet the charld should feel its own individuality he explained an answer to caer fhu a alt cenderovnas puzzled glance
	layer_8: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to sarapfimna alet cen drovna's puzzled glance
	layer_10: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he explained in answer to syrafina alexendrovna's puzzled glance
	layer_12: merely you see that the child should feel its own individuality he exclained in answer to syrafina alexendrovna's puzzled glance

file: 5543-27761-0033.flac
expected: she's still so little said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: she stel so little said sairefy man alexin rove
	layer_4: she still so little said serefe ma alocs androve
	layer_6: she still so little said serphema alix indrova
	layer_8: she's still so little said seraphema alex indrova
	layer_10: she's still so little said seraphema alexandrovna
	layer_12: she's still so little said seraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0034.flac
expected: i don't insist it's your kingdom there
	layer_2: i dontincst it seour kingd om heere
	layer_4: i don'tinsist its your king dom here
	layer_6: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_8: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_10: i don't insist it's your kingdom here
	layer_12: i don't insist it's your kingdom here

file: 5543-27761-0035.flac
expected: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_2: othink ket over his wife answor smiling as he ded cald le but jenaly
	layer_4: olthink ket over his wife answered smiling as he did cold ly but genally
	layer_6: i'l think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genially
	layer_8: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_10: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually
	layer_12: i'll think it over his wife answered smiling as he did coldly but genually

file: 5543-27761-0036.flac
expected: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_2: then they be gain ho talk ofh someting es
	layer_4: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_6: then they began to talk with something else
	layer_8: then they began to talk wof something else
	layer_10: then they began to talk of something else
	layer_12: then they began to talk of something else

file: 5543-27761-0037.flac
expected: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_2: that the misterestos it whil that's one thimg but that theyoung lady dos it that s bd
	layer_4: that the misterestoes it will that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_6: that the mistress doesit will that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_8: that the mistress does it wele that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_10: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad
	layer_12: that the mistress does it well that's one thing but that the young lady does it that's bad

file: 5543-27761-0038.flac
expected: why asked fedosya with curiosity
	layer_2: whyes fidosoith ceriocsity
	layer_4: why ask poidosioith curiosity
	layer_6: why asked phdoci wth curiosity
	layer_8: why asked fidosio ith curiosity
	layer_10: why asked phdocia with curiosity
	layer_12: why asked fhidocia with curiosity

file: 5543-27761-0039.flac
expected: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_2: thes expression a cuaryostita gav her face ton liok of a woodin rughly pain to doll
	layer_4: this expression of curiasita gave her face the look of a woudin rughtly pain to doll
	layer_6: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly pain to doll
	layer_8: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_10: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll
	layer_12: this expression of curiosity gave her face the look of a wooden roughly painted doll

file: 5543-27761-0040.flac
expected: yes that's bad repeated agathya with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_2: yes thats bid repetetago a wi conviction terribly bd well
	layer_4: yes that's bad repeted agohya wihconviction terribly bad well
	layer_6: yes that's bad repeaded to gahioith conviction terribly bad well
	layer_8: yes that's bad repreated tegahiowith conviction terribly bad well
	layer_10: yes that's bad repeated agahio with conviction terribly bad well
	layer_12: yes that's bad repeated egahio with conviction terribly bad well

file: 5543-27761-0041.flac
expected: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agathya went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_2: it's the true tim saing were member my word s agack ha wen on worf the same a surands an secerecy
	layer_4: it's the true thime saing were member my words agak ya went on with the same asurans and secracy
	layer_6: it's the true t im sing remember my words agaiawent on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_8: it's the truth i'm sang remember my words agaia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_10: it's the truth i'm saing remember my words agahia went on with the same assurance and secrecy
	layer_12: it's the truth i'm saying remember my words agahia went on with the same assurance and secrecy

file: 5543-27761-0042.flac
expected: it's the surest sign
	layer_2: it's the serst sine
	layer_4: its the surst sign
	layer_6: it's the shirest sign
	layer_8: it's the sherest sign
	layer_10: it's the sheerest sign
	layer_12: it's the sheerest sign

file: 5543-27761-0043.flac
expected: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_2: the'ld woman had in vented the sine quit suddenly herself and she was eveidently very prowt ofit
	layer_4: the old woman had invented thes sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very prowd of it
	layer_6: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_8: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_10: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it
	layer_12: the old woman had invented this sign quite suddenly herself and she was evidently very proud of it

file: 5543-27761-0044.flac
expected: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_2: mat an matom she said quaintlein a chembling wice
	layer_4: mada madam she said quintly in a chembling voice
	layer_6: madam madam she said quiently in a trembling voice
	layer_8: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_10: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice
	layer_12: madam madam she said quietly in a trembling voice

file: 5543-27761-0045.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna gave a start
	layer_2: serfy mha alexs injorvni giee start
	layer_4: serfe ma alecs and droan i gave a start
	layer_6: cerphima alix and drovani gave a start
	layer_8: saraphima alexandrovan a gave a start
	layer_10: saraphima alexandrovna gave a start
	layer_12: syraphima alexandrovna gave a start

file: 5543-27761-0046.flac
expected: fedosya's face made her anxious
	layer_2: the ost us face mae her anxcius
	layer_4: the dostus face mate her anxious
	layer_6: the dotias face made her anxious
	layer_8: ledoha's face made her anxious
	layer_10: phodoca's face made her anxious
	layer_12: phydoca's face made her anxious

file: 5543-27761-0047.flac
expected: what is it fedosya she asked with great concern is there anything wrong with lelechka
	layer_2: wut is it foid osia sheest whuth grakconsome as ar nything rong wid lllechkat
	layer_4: what is it fidosia sheeske with grek anserm as ere anything rong witd lol luchga
	layer_6: what is it fhidosia she asked with greeak cancerm as there anything wrong with li luchca
	layer_8: what is it fidosia she asked with greek concern as there anything wrong with ltl lutshka
	layer_10: what is it fidocia she asked with greet concern is there anything wrong with litle utchka
	layer_12: what is it fidocia she asked with greet concern is there anything wrong with litle utchka

file: 5543-27761-0048.flac
expected: no madam said fedosya as she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_2: no matum sid fidosiae she justiculated with hie hans to riassure hi misteres and ti make hr si down
	layer_4: no madam said fidalcias she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_6: no madam said phidosia she justiculated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sitdown
	layer_8: no madam said fidolsia she esticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_10: no madam said fidelcia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down
	layer_12: no madam said fidelcia she gesticulated with her hands to reassure her mistress and to make her sit down

file: 5543-27761-0049.flac
expected: lelechka is asleep may god be with her
	layer_2: theluch caus ha sleet mayk i be with her
	layer_4: the lutchgas a sleet mayke od be with her
	layer_6: the lutch gause asleep may god be with her
	layer_8: the lutchcas asleep may god be with her
	layer_10: the luchkas asleep may god be with her
	layer_12: the lutchkas asleep may god be with her

file: 5543-27761-0050.flac
expected: only i'd like to say something you see lelechka is always hiding herself that's not good
	layer_2: only ad like to say seome thin you se wet luch gaus alwas higding eurself that ais not good
	layer_4: only id like to say something you see lil luch gase always hiting orself that is not good
	layer_6: only i'd like to say something you see lluch goes always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_8: only i'd like to say something you see lluchgais always hiding ourself that is not good
	layer_10: only i'd like to say something you see loluchkais always hiding herself that is not good
	layer_12: only i'd like to say something you see lolutchka is always hiding herself that is not good

file: 5543-27761-0051.flac
expected: i can't tell you how bad it is said fedosya and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_2: i can't tel youd how batit is said fid osya and her faceexpresst the most tociveed confidence
	layer_4: i can't tell you how bat it is said fidoscya ind her face expressed the most tocited confidence
	layer_6: i can't tell you how bad it is said phadosia ind her face expressed the most decidted confidence
	layer_8: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidosia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_10: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidelcia and her face expressed the most decided confidence
	layer_12: i can't tell you how bad it is said fidecia and her face expressed the most decided confidence

file: 5543-27761-0052.flac
expected: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_2: i dher san nothing of wo you are san
	layer_4: i nder sand nothing of woall you are sang
	layer_6: undersand nothing of what you are sayng
	layer_8: u understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_10: i understand nothing of what you are saying
	layer_12: i understand nothing of what you are saying

file: 5543-27761-0053.flac
expected: you see madam it's a kind of omen explained fedosya abruptly in a shamefaced way
	layer_2: he see mat oi mits a cond of omen explains foildosear bruply and a shame face id way
	layer_4: he see mada mit's a kind of oman explains fhidasea bruptly and a shame faceed way
	layer_6: he see mada mit's a kind of omen explains fodosiabruptly and a shame faceid way
	layer_8: yo see madam m its a kind of omen explains vidosiaa bruptly an a shamed faced way
	layer_10: you see madam it's a kind of omen explains fedocia abruptly in a shame faced way
	layer_12: you see madam it's a kind of omen explains fedocia abruptly in a shame faced way

file: 5543-27761-0054.flac
expected: nonsense said serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: nonsen suidsaire f malicxsan jrveer
	layer_4: nonsent said serfema alexsan jrvna
	layer_6: nonsens said serfuma alexengeovna
	layer_8: nonsense said saraphema alexandovna
	layer_10: nonsense said syraphima alexandrovna
	layer_12: nonsense said seraphema alexandrovna

file: 5543-27761-0055.flac
expected: who told you all this asked serafima aleksandrovna in an austere low voice
	layer_2: who tol yeou all this aserf y m alicinderf nen ino stear low boice
	layer_4: who told you all this asserf e ma alicandreo ve na anenou ster low voice
	layer_6: who told you all this ase sarpfima alixendrovena in eno steer low voice
	layer_8: who told you all this asked sarafhima alexandrovna in inosdear low voice
	layer_10: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in ino s stear low voice
	layer_12: who told you all this asked saraphima alexandrovna in ina ster low voice

file: 5543-27761-0056.flac
expected: knows exclaimed serafima aleksandrovna in irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_2: nos exclame sarfy malec sund drofnon iritation as teuge she wish to pretecturself some hol from the sudnenxity
	layer_4: nose exclaim serfhema alics and dr of nun iritation as though she wished to prtect ureself somehow from the sudden enxiety
	layer_6: nos exclaimed seriphema alexenderovf nen irritation as though she wishd to protect herself somehow from thi sudden anxiety
	layer_8: nose exclaimed saraphma alexandrovna irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from thi sudden anxiety
	layer_10: nose exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna's irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety
	layer_12: nose exclaimed saraphema alexandrovna' irritation as though she wished to protect herself somehow from this sudden anxiety

file: 5543-27761-0057.flac
expected: what nonsense as though lelechka could die
	layer_2: wat nonsence as tough louch cad could dy
	layer_4: wat nonsents as though levuch could could die
	layer_6: what nonsens as though le luch coud could die
	layer_8: what nonsense as though telutchcould could die
	layer_10: what nonsense as though le lutch coud could die
	layer_12: what nonsense as though le lutch coud could die

file: 5543-27761-0058.flac
expected: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connexion between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_2: she saw claly that their could be nhe possible conection betwen a childs quite ordeid nar d ivrsion and the contimuation of the child s life
	layer_4: she saw claarly that ther could be no possible connection between a childs quiete ordinarye diversion and the continuation of the chileds life
	layer_6: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a childs quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_8: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_10: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life
	layer_12: she saw clearly that there could be no possible connection between a child's quite ordinary diversion and the continuation of the child's life

file: 5543-27761-0059.flac
expected: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts returned involuntarily to the fact that lelechka loved to hide herself
	layer_2: she madeaspecial effor that evd ning to ockupy her mine with other maters tut ir thogtst ernd a mon tarilies bet tac t at willuch co louvbed to hitersoelf
	layer_4: she made aspecial effort that evening to ocuepby her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned anmoilin teriles bethact that will luch ca luvb to hid erself
	layer_6: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned in moluntariles betfact that will luch ca luve to hide herself
	layer_8: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned an voluntarilys the fact that will lutch cu love to hide herself
	layer_10: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willuchka love to hide herself
	layer_12: she made a special effort that evening to occupy her mind with other matters but her thoughts turned involuntarily to the fact that willuchka love to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0060.flac
expected: when lelechka was still quite small and had learned to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden roguish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_2: when te luch kno was sto quihte smal and hav learnde distinguishd we tween her mother in her ners she some times sitting an her neurse his arms made  suden rogish cremess and hdter lauhing face ind the ners is shoulter
	layer_4: when the luch go was still quite small and have learnede distinguish wetwen her mother in her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nursis arms made a sudden rugish grimis and hidher laughing face in the nurcis shoulder
	layer_6: when the lutchga was still quite small and have learned a distinguished between her mother an her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden rugish grimas and hit er laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_8: when the luchga was still quite small and had learned tot distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimase and hid her laughing face in the nurs's shoulder
	layer_10: when le luchka was still quite small and had learne to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder
	layer_12: when le luchka was still quite small and had learn to distinguish between her mother and her nurse she sometimes sitting in her nurse's arms made a sudden ruggish grimace and hid her laughing face in the nurse's shoulder

file: 5543-27761-0061.flac
expected: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_2: then she wuld look ou wththe slye ants
	layer_4: then she would look ot wth a slig glancs
	layer_6: then she would look out with a sli glance
	layer_8: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_10: then she would look out with a sly glance
	layer_12: then she would look out with a sly glance

file: 5543-27761-0062.flac
expected: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not enter wholeheartedly into the spirit of lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_2: thur she reproadce souself at oncs for this un founded seperestitioustread never the les she couldnot ender ho heardedliinge bhe spered ll luch cas favourt gaime and she tded di vert lieluch caus ta tenstion to something eunce
	layer_4: though she reproac shuself at once for this unfoundid supersticious dread never the lest she could not ender whole heartedly ine the spired lelutch cus favourt game and she trited di verit leluch cause attoention to something elce
	layer_6: though she reproached yherself at once for this unfounded superstiious dread nevertheless she could not ender whole heartedly into the spirid lolughca's favorite game and she tri to diverte le luch cause attention to something else
	layer_8: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not ender hole heartedly into the spirid lelechka's favourite game and she tried to divert lelechka's attention to something else
	layer_10: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit lelechka's favorite game and she tried to divert leluchka's attention to something else
	layer_12: though she reproached herself at once for this unfounded superstitious dread nevertheless she could not end her whole heartedly into the spirit leluchka's favorite game and she tried to divert leluchka's attention to something else

file: 5543-27761-0063.flac
expected: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_2: she egerely complide wr hir mothers ne wishes
	layer_4: she eagerly complied wi ther mothers new wishes
	layer_6: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_8: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_10: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes
	layer_12: she eagerly complied with her mother's new wishes

file: 5543-27761-0064.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna tried desperately to amuse lelechka
	layer_2: sarefy mo alecs an ro na tri despratly to imws louchca
	layer_4: serphy m alics and jroe na triedesperately tom imuse liuchca
	layer_6: sarphima alixan jobna trie desperately to amuse eluchca
	layer_8: saraphima alexan jovna tried desperately to amuse lelychka
	layer_10: saraphima alexandovna tried desperately to amuse lelutchka
	layer_12: saraphima alexandiovna tried desperately to amuse leluchka

file: 5543-27761-0065.flac
expected: perhaps thought serafima aleksandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who are attracted by many things
	layer_2: erhaps thutsair fyua alec sun jovena she s not a stronly drand to the worl oas other children who ad tracted by many things
	layer_4: er haps thut sarefewha alec sand jovena she 'is not istrungly drawn to the worl as other children who head tracted by many things
	layer_6: perhaps thougt sar fua alixanjovna she is not astrongly drawn to the world as other children who attracted by many things
	layer_8: perhaps thought saraphea alexanjovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who attracted by many things
	layer_10: perhaps thought sarapie alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who ware attracted by many things
	layer_12: perhaps thought sarapia alexandrovna she is not as strongly drawn to the world as other children who ware attracted by many things

file: 5543-27761-0066.flac
expected: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_2: itf thisseso is utd nont a sinde of were ganic eakness
	layer_4: if this esso is it not o sign of er ganic eakness
	layer_6: if this isso is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_8: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_10: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness
	layer_12: if this is so is it not a sign of organic weakness

file: 5543-27761-0067.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_2: sarefhe mauc s in drov no hersolf began the game onswer tie thauy she plad et with a heave heart
	layer_4: serefe malcsand drove no hersef begain the game once er twice thauth she playd it with a heay heart
	layer_6: serphy malcs and drovna herself began the game once or twice thag she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_8: serephy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_10: serephy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart
	layer_12: serphy malexandrovna herself began the game once or twice though she played it with a heavy heart

file: 5543-27761-0068.flac
expected: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_2: she suffered as thou comiting in evil ded with ful conscousness
	layer_4: she suffered as though commiting an evil deed with ful consciousness
	layer_6: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_8: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_10: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness
	layer_12: she suffered as though committing an evil deed with full consciousness

file: 5543-27761-0069.flac
expected: it was a sad day for serafima aleksandrovna
	layer_2: hit was ha sad da forsarfy mol s in dvna
	layer_4: it was a sad day for serfe milcs and drovena
	layer_6: it was a sad day for serfhe malixs and drovna
	layer_8: it was a sad day for sarfe malex androvna
	layer_10: it was a sad day for saraphy malexandrovna
	layer_12: it was a sad day for saraphy malex androvna

file: 5543-27761-0070.flac
expected: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_2: he mother cobred her with the blie blink at
	layer_4: her mother covered her with a blie blenkit
	layer_6: her mother covered her with a ble blanket
	layer_8: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_10: her mother covered her with a blue blanket
	layer_12: her mother covered her with a blue blanket

file: 5543-27761-0071.flac
expected: lelechka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_2: lit luch couddrew her sleelittle hans from under the blank et and streched thand othhim brace her mother he mother ben down
	layer_4: lol luch could drew her sleet little hands from under the blankit andstreshed themou toam brace her mother her mother beent down
	layer_6: lo luch coa drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them oued to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_8: liluchka drew her sleet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_10: lolutchka drew her slweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down
	layer_12: lolutchka drew her sweet little hands from under the blanket and stretched them out to embrace her mother her mother bent down

file: 5543-27761-0072.flac
expected: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_2: she seeme so smon so fraalander the bloingk at tha cobered her
	layer_4: she seemed so smalan so frailunder the blingk et tha covered her
	layer_6: she seemed so small an so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_8: she seemed so small and so frail under the blankethat covered her
	layer_10: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her
	layer_12: she seemed so small and so frail under the blanket that covered her

file: 5543-27761-0073.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna remained standing over lelechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at lelechka with tenderness and fear
	layer_2: saretfeoleks on drovener main standing o erl aluch cais bat along wile and she caplioking ant wiluch ge with tendernesson fear
	layer_4: serfievalic and droven oremain standing ofverlilutch gaus bad along while and she caplooking at welutchgert with tenderness and fear
	layer_6: sarphealix and drovna remaine standing over lo luch cas bad a long while and she cap looking aut wih luchgo with tenderness and fear
	layer_8: sara pfhea alexandrovna remained standing over lolechka's bad a long while and she kept looking at wilacha with tenderness and fear
	layer_10: sarah piva alexandrovna remained standing over lolechka's bed a long while and she kept looking at willashka with tenderness and fear
	layer_12: sarah phiva alexandrovna remained standing over loluchka's bed a long while and she kept looking at wiluchka with tenderness and fear

file: 5543-27761-0074.flac
expected: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befall lelechka
	layer_2: i' temother is a possible that astioldn be able to pretacter she thougti she imagin the verioce ills tat might be falluchca
	layer_4: im mtemother is a possible that asiouln't beable to perotacter she thought is she amagined the verious ills at might befallolachca
	layer_6: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fall o lachca
	layer_8: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might be fallolachka
	layer_10: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befallolachka
	layer_12: i'm a mother is it possible that i shouldn't be able to protect her she thought as she imagined the various ills that might befallolachka

file: 5543-27761-0075.flac
expected: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_2: she praed long bat nigt but the prare did not eraleve her sadnesse
	layer_4: she praid long bat night but the prayere did not ralyeve her sadness
	layer_6: she prayed long bat night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_8: she prayed long thet night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_10: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness
	layer_12: she prayed long that night but the prayer did not relieve her sadness

file: 5543-27761-0076.flac
expected: several days passed lelechka caught cold
	layer_2: several dhe's past will luch e cot cold
	layer_4: several days past will luchga cot col
	layer_6: several days passtd wil luch goood cot cold
	layer_8: several days passed wil luch good cout cold
	layer_10: several days passed wil lutchgood cout cold
	layer_12: several days passed wi lutchgood cout cold

file: 5543-27761-0077.flac
expected: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_2: the fevr came upon heant night
	layer_4: the fever came upon her at knight
	layer_6: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_8: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_10: the fever came upon her at night
	layer_12: the fever came upon her at night

file: 5543-27761-0078.flac
expected: when serafima aleksandrovna awakened by fedosya came to lelechka and saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_2: when serefy malcs and jrovena awakcen by fidosya cande laluch gen sa her looking so hot so wresless in sair tarmenged she intitly recaedth eouble oman and a hop was tosparigtd possesion of her from the firs momence
	layer_4: when serefe ma alics and jrovena awakcen by fidocia cam o lalutch gon saw her looking so hot so rethstless and sor tarmented she intantly recallede evile oman and a hope us disparie to possession of her from the first moments
	layer_6: when seraphema alix and jovna awakened by fidosia camed o lo luch gun saw her looking so hot so resless ind so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeles despaire tok possession of her from the first moments
	layer_8: when saraphima alexanjovna awakened by fedosia cam to loletchgun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_10: when syraphima alexandrovna awakened by phidocia came do lo luchkun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments
	layer_12: when syraphima alexandrovna awakened by phidocia came do lo luchkun saw her looking so hot so restless and so tormented she instantly recalled the evil omen and a hopeless despair took possession of her from the first moments

file: 5543-27761-0079.flac
expected: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_2: a ducter was caldhan everything was dom hat his uualan suchacasions but the an evible happen
	layer_4: adoctor was called an everything was dom bhat his usual on such a casions but the an evitable happened
	layer_6: a doctor was called in everything was dome tat is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_8: a doctor was called and everything was done tbhat is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_10: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened
	layer_12: a doctor was called and everything was done that is usual on such occasions but the inevitable happened

file: 5543-27761-0080.flac
expected: and lelechka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_2: and thel luch gagru seblor from mour to our
	layer_4: and tho luch ka grew feeblor from hour to hour
	layer_6: and telutchcad grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_8: and laluchka grew febler from hour to hour
	layer_10: and loluchka grew feebler from hour to hour
	layer_12: and loluchka grew feebler from hour to hour

file: 5543-27761-0081.flac
expected: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fedosya uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka
	layer_2: nothing mather so in hap y as t reuterations of fidols ya u terd between sobs she hiadher selfh andhiderself our l alecha
	layer_4: nothing madeer so and happy as the rederations of fidelsia utered between subes she hidherself and hiterself ourlaletchca
	layer_6: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of pidosia uttered between subs she hi herself and hi herself aur lilecca
	layer_8: nothing made her so unhappy as the reterations of fidosia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself aurlilechka
	layer_10: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlilechka
	layer_12: nothing made her so unhappy as the reiterations of fidelcia uttered between sobs she hid herself and hid herself arlilechka

file: 5543-27761-0082.flac
expected: fever was consuming lelechka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in delirium
	layer_2: fevere was conceeming wea lechga and ther retims han she los consciousness in spokintrli eariaum
	layer_4: fever was conceeming welecca and there e times and she las consciousness and spokentoliarium
	layer_6: fever was conceming oluchka and there were times hen she lost consciousness an spok en tolrium
	layer_8: fever was conceming malechka and there were times when she lost consciousness an spoke entolirium
	layer_10: fever was conceming lelachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke en delrium
	layer_12: fever was conceming lalachka and there were times when she lost consciousness and spoke in dolrium

file: 5543-27761-0083.flac
expected: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_2: three das pas tarturing likcean migt mar
	layer_4: three days passe torturing like a might mare
	layer_6: three days passe torturing like a nightmare
	layer_8: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_10: three days passed torturing like a nightmare
	layer_12: three days passed torturing like a nightmare

file: 5543-27761-0084.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna hid her face behind the curtains near lelechka's bed how tragic
	layer_2: serfemayt elec sin jov n hd her faced be hind the curtn's near leluch cas bed how tragjict
	layer_4: serfema alicsenjoveni hid her face behid the curtain's near lalutchcas bed how tragic
	layer_6: serphima alics and joveni hid her face behind the curtains near lo luchgas bed how tragic
	layer_8: sarphima alexanjovna hid her face behind the curtains near lalechka's bed how tragic
	layer_10: saraphima alexandiovna hid her face behind the curtains near lolechka's bed how tragic
	layer_12: saraphima alexandiovna hid her face behind the curtains near lolechka's bed how tragic

file: 5543-27761-0085.flac
expected: a white mamochka whispered lelechka
	layer_2: a wait nmo much gha wisperidla lcha
	layer_4: a white mamuchga whisperedle lucica
	layer_6: a white mamachgo whisperedlo lugca
	layer_8: a white mamahca whispered lalaghka
	layer_10: a white mamochka whispered lilachka
	layer_12: a white mammochka whispered lilachka

file: 5543-27761-0086.flac
expected: mamochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lelechka
	layer_2: mo woch was wit face be came blard an every thingroew dark befor l a luchka
	layer_4: mo mach cwas wite face became blerd and every thing grew dark beforela luchica
	layer_6: momwach cas white face became blurd and everything grew dark before  lolughica
	layer_8: menmachka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lalachka
	layer_10: momochka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolashka
	layer_12: momocshka's white face became blurred and everything grew dark before lolashka

file: 5543-27761-0087.flac
expected: she met her husband
	layer_2: she mater hasbend
	layer_4: she metter hasband
	layer_6: she me her husband
	layer_8: she met her husband
	layer_10: she met her husband
	layer_12: she met her husband

file: 5543-27761-0088.flac
expected: serafima aicksandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_2: saerfe vma elecsand drove no as standing bya the coffind and looking duliat her dead child
	layer_4: sarfema alecs and droveno as standing by the coffint and looking dulliat her dead child
	layer_6: sarphima elix and drovna as standing by the coffin and looking dulli at her dead child
	layer_8: sarphima elexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_10: sarfhima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child
	layer_12: sarfhima alexandrovna was standing by the coffin and looking dully at her dead child

file: 5543-27761-0089.flac
expected: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergey modestovich in a whisper
	layer_2: see  la my dear don d aga tat yourself said sairgan mot a sovich on a whisper
	layer_4: seema mydear don'ed agitate yourself said sirgan mot a stovich in a whisper
	layer_6: sela my dear don't agitate yourself said sirganmoa stolvitch in a whisper
	layer_8: simla my dear don't agitate yourself said sergem motostovitch in a whisper
	layer_10: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergem morostovitch in a whisper
	layer_12: sima my dear don't agitate yourself said sergem morostovitch in a whisper

file: 5543-27761-0090.flac
expected: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_2: you must resin your self toyour fat
	layer_4: you must resign yourself to your fat
	layer_6: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_8: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_10: you must resign yourself to your fate
	layer_12: you must resign yourself to your fate

file: 5543-27761-0091.flac
expected: she'll be up in a minute persisted serafima aleksandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_2: she'll be oup in a mint presistedsarfmalecson jov na her eyes fixsd on the ded little girl
	layer_4: she'll be up in a minute persisted serfemalecsand jovena her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_6: she'll be up in a minute persisted serphemalics anjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_8: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarphim alexanjovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_10: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarapima alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl
	layer_12: she'll be up in a minute persisted sarafima alexandrovna her eyes fixed on the dead little girl

file: 5543-27761-0092.flac
expected: sergey modestovich looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_2: sargam oft a stovighe lookedround him cotiously he was afradt of the un seemly an of the rediculuce
	layer_4: sirgame ot a stovage looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly in of the rediculous
	layer_6: seirgamemout a stovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unsemly ind of the ridiculous
	layer_8: sergemardistovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemle and of the ridiculous
	layer_10: serge aristovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous
	layer_12: sergem maristovitch looked round him cautiously he was afraid of the unseemly and of the ridiculous

file: 5543-27761-0093.flac
expected: sima don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_2: see my don' agotat yourself heu repeaen
	layer_4: see my don't ajitat yourself he repeated
	layer_6: see my don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_8: see i don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_10: seem y don't agitate yourself he repeated
	layer_12: seem y don't agitate yourself he repeated

file: 5543-27761-0094.flac
expected: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_2: he wis confwsdan a knowid
	layer_4: he was confused an aknoied
	layer_6: he was confused an anoyed
	layer_8: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_10: he was confused and annoyed
	layer_12: he was confused and annoyed

file: 5543-27761-0095.flac
expected: her face seemed tranquil and her eyes were dry
	layer_2: her fae esehim trankle n her yes were dry
	layer_4: her face ehem trankle an her eyes were dry
	layer_6: her face seemed trankle on her eyes were dry
	layer_8: her face seemed trankle an her eyes were dry
	layer_10: her face seemed tranqule and her eyes were dry
	layer_12: her face seemed tranqule and her eyes were dry

file: 5543-27761-0096.flac
expected: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lelechka used to hide herself
	layer_2: she won unto the nearcer in began t walk round the room loking into thust places werela luch cau use to higdeherself
	layer_4: she went into the nurserean began to walk rouwnd the room loking into thost places were la luchgul used to hide herself
	layer_6: she went into the nurserin began to walk round the room looking into those places were loluch ga used to hide herself
	layer_8: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lalechka used to hide herself
	layer_10: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where lalushka used to hide herself
	layer_12: she went into the nursery and began to walk round the room looking into those places where laluchka used to hide herself

file: 5543-27761-0097.flac
expected: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept on repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lelechka
	layer_2: she alked alabout the rom and bent nownd tante look underod the ctabler undto the bed and keptren repeating cherfully wheris my lit tlone where is my l o luch ca
	layer_4: she walked all about the room and bent now and thento look under the tableear undeo the bed and kepteron repeating cheerfully whereis my little one where is my lowlutchga
	layer_6: she walked all about the room and bent now and then o look under the table oar under the bed and kept rin repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my loluchka
	layer_8: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept heun repeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolachka
	layer_10: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept e unrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka
	layer_12: she walked all about the room and bent now and then to look under the table or under the bed and kept he nrepeating cheerfully where is my little one where is my lolatchka

file: 5543-27761-0098.flac
expected: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_2: after she had walkedrond the room ones she begant make her quesd inneu
	layer_4: after she had walked r on the room onece she beganto make her ques in eu
	layer_6: after she had walked on the room once she began to make her quest in yoeu
	layer_8: after she had walked roun the room once she began to make her quest in new
	layer_10: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew
	layer_12: after she had walked round the room once she began to make her quest anew

file: 5543-27761-0099.flac
expected: fedosya motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_2: fid osyal motionmaense witlh thedecto fac sa on a corner and looed frite ed ot ter misteres thand she suddenly berstat soping and she wail laudly
	layer_4: fidasia motianlece with te dected face sa on a corner and looked frightened ut her mistress than she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed laudly
	layer_6: padosia motionless with dedected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst at sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_8: fidosia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst ot sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_10: fidelcia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly
	layer_12: fidecia motionless with dejected face sat in a corner and looked frightened at her mistress then she suddenly burst out sobbing and she wailed loudly

file: 5543-27761-0100.flac
expected: she hid herself and hid herself our lelechka our angelic little soul
	layer_2: she hid hersoulfh an hidtersouf ar la lech gr a and jelich wuittle soul
	layer_4: she hid hersouf and hitherself aur lo letchgar eir and jelic little soul
	layer_6: she hid herself and hi herself are loletchgard a and jelic litl soul
	layer_8: she hid herself and hid herself our lolachgar er angelic little soul
	layer_10: she hid herself and hid herself or lolachga r angelic little soul
	layer_12: she hid herself and hid herself or lolachgar ar angelic little soul

file: 5543-27761-0101.flac
expected: when she entered the parlour there were several people between her and lelechka
	layer_2: when she enter the paorlor there ras suveral peopr between her in le lucha
	layer_4: when she entere the parlor there was several peoper between her in le luchca
	layer_6: when she entered the parlor there wase several peoper between her in lealuchka
	layer_8: when she entered the parlor there was several peoper between her and laluchka
	layer_10: when she entered the parlour there were several peeper between her and lalachka
	layer_12: when she entered the parlour there were several peoper between her and lalochka

file: 5543-27761-0102.flac
expected: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in serafima aleksandrovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_2: thet was an apressi feeling of heaviness incerf malecesome joveness hadis she appreache l aluchga
	layer_4: there was an appresso feeling of heaviness anserefew malicsamed jrovness hadas she approached laluchka
	layer_6: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and serephemalicsome drovnus head as she approached loluchka
	layer_8: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness and sarapfhe malax some drovna's head as she approached lelechka
	layer_10: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in saraphimalixe samdrovna's head as she approached lelotchka
	layer_12: there was an oppressive feeling of heaviness in saraphimalik somdovna's head as she approached lolotchka

file: 5543-27761-0103.flac
expected: lelechka lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_2: woluch go la there stiln pl and smilp ifetickaly
	layer_4: wll luch ga lay there still an pale and smiled pefetically
	layer_6: will luch go lay there still an pale and smile pethetically
	layer_8: willuchgo lay there still and pale and smiled pathetically
	layer_10: wile lutchka lay there still and pale and smile pathetically
	layer_12: wile lutchka lay there still and pale and smile pathetically

file: 5543-27761-0104.flac
expected: the little one did not reply
	layer_2: the lit ta ondid noutrply
	layer_4: the little one did not rply
	layer_6: the little one did not reply
	layer_8: the little one did not reply
	layer_10: the little one did not reply
	layer_12: the little one did not reply

file: 5543-27761-0105.flac
expected: serafima aleksandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly lelechka
	layer_2: sarefi malks anjr na sid a parect sid an a lost way smild and caod loudlwy wtlechga
	layer_4: serfemlixs an jrowvn es sidaparect side an a lost way smild and catd ladly lelutchga
	layer_6: sarphemalix enjrovna stood up erect side in a lost way smiled and caled loudly lluchka
	layer_8: serphemalexandrovna stood up erect sigde in a lost way smiled and called loudly lolechka
	layer_10: saraphim alexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly loletchka
	layer_12: saraphim alexandrovna stood up erect sighed in a lost way smiled and called loudly loletchka

file: 5543-27761-0106.flac
expected: lelechka was being carried out
	layer_2: le luch os being carriet out
	layer_4: wolutch gos being carried out
	layer_6: we' lutch gos being carried out
	layer_8: lo letcsh go's being carried out
	layer_10: leletsh go's being carried out
	layer_12: leletsh go's being carried out

file: 6841-88294-0000.flac
expected: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_2: at this momr the heavybeed ofh strom on the roove sese with m iratlos suddness leaveen thy owt sod world imty of sound safor the drip drip dripp o vies
	layer_4: at this mom ot the heavy beet of the storm on the roof ceased with miractlous suddness leaven the outsout world impty of sound same for the drip drip drip of evs
	layer_6: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddness leaving the outsid world empty of sound saime for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_8: at this moment the heavy beat of te storm oun the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eaves
	layer_10: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddeness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for te drip drip drip of eves
	layer_12: at this moment the heavy beat of the storm on the roof ceased with miraculous suddenness leaving the outside world empty of sound save for the drip drip drip of eves

file: 6841-88294-0001.flac
expected: we had every sort of people with us off and on and as i was lookout at a popular game i saw them all
	layer_2: we a d eversort of peop oot ha solf anon n as i was look athat a pop their gamn a sow t a mall
	layer_4: we had aever sort of peoplewth a sofenon and as i was look ou that a popler gam i sawl the m all
	layer_6: we had ever sort of people with a sofpten on and as i was look out that a poplar game i' saw them all
	layer_8: we had every sort of people with e sofpen on and as i was look out that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_10: we had every sort of people with a sofpen on and as i was lookig aut that a popular game i saw them all
	layer_12: we had every sort of people with a sofphin on and as i was lookid aut that a popular game i saw them all

file: 6841-88294-0002.flac
expected: at the same instant i heard the rip of steel through cloth and felt a sharp stab in my left leg
	layer_2: at the same insinandt a heared the roipof stil thou clal th and felthe sharp stavbim he lefet lge
	layer_4: at the same insnant to heard the roipp of still trouh clauth and felt the sharp stab him a left lig
	layer_6: at the same insonan to heard the roip of still through cloth and fellt the sharp stabb him a left lig
	layer_8: at the same instnat to heard the roip of steel through cloth and fellt the sharp stab im a left leg
	layer_10: at the same instant i heard the roip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab in a left leg
	layer_12: at the same instant i heard the roip of steel through cloth and felt the sharp stab in a left leg

file: 6841-88294-0003.flac
expected: then i scouted to see what had cut me and found that the fellow had lost a hand
	layer_2: then a sgat ed to see whatede co me and found er the fillitd los to hand
	layer_4: then i scoutd to see what erdt cut me and foundtad the filli had los to hand
	layer_6: then i scouted to se wathrdto cup me and found that the filli had lost a hand
	layer_8: then i scouted to see what er to cut me and found that the fill i had lost a hand
	layer_10: then i scouted to see what hd cut me and found that the fillaw had lost a hand
	layer_12: then i scouted to see what hd cut me and found that the fillaw had lost a hand

file: 6841-88294-0004.flac
expected: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_2: and placeof it he ware a shirpe still ho ok
	layer_4: and place of it he were a sharpe still hook
	layer_6: and place of it he wore a sharbed still hook
	layer_8: an place of it he wore a share steel hook
	layer_10: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook
	layer_12: in place of it he wore a sharp steel hook

file: 6841-88294-0005.flac
expected: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when he gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_2: there was no dout of as been a li for he was breean hen har la caman dos when e get sit over the heid id in' sound good
	layer_4: there was no doubt of his bean alie for he was brent ant heard like amman does when to get s hit over the hid it in't sound good
	layer_6: there was no doubt of his bein alife for he was breath an hard like a man does when to gets hit over the heiad it didn't sound good
	layer_8: there was no doubt of his being alife for he was breath ind hard like a man does when e gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_10: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when hi gets hit over the head it didn't sound good
	layer_12: there was no doubt of his being alive for he was breathing hard like a man does when i gets hit over the head it didn't sound good

file: 6841-88294-0006.flac
expected: when a man breathes that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_2: when a man briee ait way his mosey al gon
	layer_4: when a man breets at way hi's mottly all gon
	layer_6: when a man breets that way he's mostly all gone
	layer_8: when a man breeths that way heis mostly all gone
	layer_10: when a man breeths that way he 's mostly all gone
	layer_12: when a man breeths that way he 's mostly all gone

file: 6841-88294-0007.flac
expected: men got batted over the head often enough in those days
	layer_2: men gat bet ad over t heard offan anogfh a thos days
	layer_4: min got bettit over th hearad offen anough and those days
	layer_6: men got bett it over th head often enough in those days
	layer_8: men got betted over the head offen enough in those days
	layer_10: men got betted over the head offen enough in those days
	layer_12: men got betted over the head offen enough in those days

file: 6841-88294-0008.flac
expected: sour wine is fine to put a wound in shape to heal but it's no soothing syrup
	layer_2: so a winhs find u put a wound in shape to hel but his no sout nt sirip
	layer_4: sor ine his find a put a woun and shape to hiel but his no souidan syrip
	layer_6: souer wine is find tat put a wound and shape to heall but is no soud in syrup
	layer_8: sower wine is find to put a wound in shape to heel but it's no souot in syrup
	layer_10: sowr wine is fin to put a wound in shape to heel but it's no sootin syrup
	layer_12: sowr wine is fin to put a wound in shape to heel but it's no soodin syrrup

file: 6841-88294-0009.flac
expected: their coffin was their ship and their grave it was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea down on the coast of the high barbaree
	layer_2: their cofen wors their ship and the grav ther was the see blow hig blow low what care we and he quoarterd that we gave thand was the sine t em in the se don on the cost o the hidbbabery
	layer_4: their caufen wers their ship and the grav ther was the sa blowhigh blow low what care we and the quarterd that we gave them was the sint them in the sea don on the coast of the hi babery
	layer_6: their coffin wers their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the hi barbouri
	layer_8: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_10: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbari
	layer_12: their coffin wears their ship and the grave that was the sea blow high blow low what care we and the quarter that we gave them was to sink them in the sea done on the coast of the high barbarie

file: 6841-88294-0010.flac
expected: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with the big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight and the shadows and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_2: it fier made ma her ris a herin with a beke still somn desid out si an the quiat mon light in t shettows and him sitinup straten gont his as blasoneech sid his bidegle nos and i snake hair hing on over the raw cu ocroses he haid
	layer_4: it fair made may her rise to herehim with ta big still solm desid outsid andthe quiet moon light in ta shedows and him setin up straightain gant his eys blasan each side is bigygle knows and his snake hair hingon over the raw cut ta crosas had
	layer_6: it fair made my hair ris to hear him with ta big still salemn desered outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadows and him settined up straight and gond his eyes blaze ind each side his bigg eagle nos and his snacky hair hangind over the rawl cut across his head
	layer_8: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still solen desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him settined up straight and gaunt his eyes blazingd each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_10: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with a big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head
	layer_12: it fair made my hair rise to hear him with ta big still solemn desert outside and the quiet moonlight in the shadowse and him sitting up straight and gaunt his eyes blazing each side his big eagle nose and his snaky hair hanging over the raw cut across his head

file: 6841-88294-0011.flac
expected: however i made out to get him bandaged up and in shape and pretty soon he sort of went to sleep
	layer_2: hiw wever o made out to gitdinbandad jup in ind shape and prtty soon hie sort of wontoslep
	layer_4: how wever o made out to gettin banda jup and and shape and pretty soon he sort of ont osleep
	layer_6: however i made out to getthing bandi jup and in shape and pretty soon he sort of one to sleep
	layer_8: however i made out to get him bandi jup and in shape and pretty soon hes sort of wone to sleep
	layer_10: however im made out to get him bandige up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of ont to sleep
	layer_12: however i made out to get him bandige up and in shape and pretty soon his sort of ont to sleep

file: 6841-88294-0012.flac
expected: then again he'd sing that barbaree song until i'd go out and look at the old colorado flowing by just to be sure i hadn't died and gone below or else he'd just talk
	layer_2: and aganyt seing that baeresom etl ad goad look at thei l callarot of floen bygis to be sure iade dad gombelow rillshe jus talk
	layer_4: and againtit seing that bab ry som inttil ad go oude look at the o caloriut of floin byjust to be sure i haand did nd gambelo or lsehe just talk
	layer_6: an agin id seing that barbary sa untill i go oudan look at the old col o rit of floin by just to be sure i hdn didn gon below or elsie just talk
	layer_8: en agin e'd sink that barbary somun till i'd go out and look at the old collarod  flowin by just to be sure i hdn died in gone below or elsie just talk
	layer_10: en again he'd sing that barba'ry song untill i'd go out and look at the old collarod o flowin by jist to be sure i hadn dieden gone below or elsie just talk
	layer_12: en again he'd sing that barbary sonmg un til i'd go out and look at the old collarote o flowin by jist to be sure i hadn dieden' gone below or elsie just talk

file: 6841-88294-0013.flac
expected: he began when he was a kid and he gave his side of conversations pausing for replies
	layer_2: he bega whin he was ackd and egave o sid of convrsations pallsan for aplis
	layer_4: he began when he was a kid and he gave hi side of conversations pallsan for hidplies
	layer_6: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sihde of conversations pauls in forwreplies
	layer_8: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsind for replies
	layer_10: he began when he was a kid and he gave his sight of conversations paulsing for replies
	layer_12: he began when he was a kid and he gave has sight of conversations paulsing for replies

file: 6841-88294-0014.flac
expected: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_2: i used so lisn ba the houer but a never maide ot anthing ralling portin es to whoh he man was awhere he come frun a whadhe done
	layer_4: i use tolistend by the hour but an never made out any thing realling portan es to who the man was owhere hed com forom o what he done
	layer_6: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything realli importantas to who the man was orwhere he'd come from o what he done
	layer_8: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_10: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done
	layer_12: i used to listen by the hour but i never made out anything really important as to who the man was or where he'd come from or what he'd done

file: 6841-88294-0015.flac
expected: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_2: i d intpani tentn t m foris quiet
	layer_4: i din't payine attention to hm for wise quiet
	layer_6: i din't payne attention to him for yuse quiet
	layer_8: i didn't pay any attention to him for yu 's quiet
	layer_10: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet
	layer_12: i didn't pay any attention to him for he was quiet

file: 6841-88294-0016.flac
expected: usually i didn't bother with his talk for it didn't mean anything but something in his voice made me turn
	layer_2: usualhad in bo the with his tal for a did meanin thing a smethin in is vos may turnm
	layer_4: usull ad didn't bother with his tall for a didn' mean inything a somethon in ias voice may me turn
	layer_6: usual ha didn't bother with his talk for at didn't mean anything a something in his voice mayde be turn
	layer_8: usuall i didn't bother with his tulk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_10: usually i didn't bother with his tulk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn
	layer_12: usually i didn't bother with his tulk for it didn't mean anything a something in his voice made me turn

file: 6841-88294-0017.flac
expected: he was lying on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_2: he was ly and on a sid thos black eyees of he his blasona me be nowt bot or them sall the same distens
	layer_4: he was li on on haside those black eyes of he has blason o me but now both of themsal the same distence
	layer_6: he was lion on hisside tho seblack eyes of he is blazon ot me but now a both of them saw the same distance
	layer_8: he was lyin on his side those black eyes of he is blazone at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_10: he was lyin on his side those black eyes of hiis blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance
	layer_12: he was lyin on his side those black eyes of his blazing at me but now both of them saw the same distance

file: 6841-88294-0018.flac
expected: where are my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_2: wher my clo was heest veryingtince
	layer_4: werea my clowh was ieasked veryingtince
	layer_6: where my clot was he asked veryintents
	layer_8: where am my clohs he asked very intense
	layer_10: where ar my clothes he asked very intense
	layer_12: where ar my clothes he asked very intense

file: 6841-88294-0019.flac
expected: one little squeeze talk about your deadly weapons
	layer_2: on liote sques tolke bachr deadly weapens
	layer_4: one lite squeees tulg bater deadly weapons
	layer_6: one little squeeze tulk batcer deadly weapons
	layer_8: one little squeeze tuk bacer deadly weapons
	layer_10: one little squeeze tug batcher deadly weapons
	layer_12: one little squeeze tug batcher deadly weapons

file: 6841-88294-0020.flac
expected: but he'd been too sick and too long abed
	layer_2: but he been to sickan to laig bed
	layer_4: but he been to sicond to long abead
	layer_6: but he'd been too sick ind too long abed
	layer_8: but he'd been too sick and too long abad
	layer_10: but he'd been too sick and too long a bad
	layer_12: but he'd been too sick and too long abad

file: 6841-88294-0021.flac
expected: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_2: and aminner o so he came to
	layer_4: and a miner to sel he came to
	layer_6: in a minur to self he came to
	layer_8: in a minute o so he came to
	layer_10: in a minute or so he came to
	layer_12: in a minute or so he came to

file: 6841-88294-0022.flac
expected: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_2: niy your a nigh sweeet proposition said i as soons iu a sur he could uder stamme
	layer_4: now you're a ni sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could utterstand me
	layer_6: now your a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could uderstand me
	layer_8: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_10: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me
	layer_12: now you're a nice sweet proposition said i as soon as i was sure he could understand me

file: 6841-88294-0023.flac
expected: they're safe enough let me have them he begged
	layer_2: ther safe anough len we have thom he bed
	layer_4: there safe enough len me had them he begged
	layer_6: ther's safe enough lend me had them he begged
	layer_8: they're safe enough lend me have them he begged
	layer_10: they're safe enough lent me have them he begged
	layer_12: they're safe enough lent me have them he begged

file: 6841-88294-0024.flac
expected: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_2: noi looke ear said i you can'k get up to day you in't fit
	layer_4: now look her said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_6: now look here said i you can't get up to day you an't fit
	layer_8: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_10: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit
	layer_12: now look here said i you can't get up to day you ain't fit

file: 6841-88294-0025.flac
expected: i know he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_2: a kno he pleded a linme see then
	layer_4: a kno he pleted alitme see them
	layer_6: and know he pleated alivt me see them
	layer_8: an no he pleaded bu let me see them
	layer_10: an no he pleaded but let me see them
	layer_12: an no he pleaded but let me see them

file: 6841-88294-0026.flac
expected: just to satisfy him i passed over his old duds
	layer_2: jus o saidis fime a past overes ol dords
	layer_4: just a satis fim a paset over is ol dirds
	layer_6: just as satisfime a passed over his alld dirds
	layer_8: just as satisfy him a passed over his ol durds
	layer_10: just to satisfy him a passed over his old durds
	layer_12: just to satisfy him a passed over his old durds

file: 6841-88294-0027.flac
expected: i've been robbed he cried
	layer_2: ave tin rod the criet
	layer_4: ave bein robed ecried
	layer_6: ave been robbed he cried
	layer_8: a've been robbed he cried
	layer_10: 've been robbed he cried
	layer_12: 've been robbed he cried

file: 6841-88294-0028.flac
expected: where's my coat he asked
	layer_2: wers ma cot heest
	layer_4: were's ma coat he asked
	layer_6: where's ma coat he asked
	layer_8: where's my coat he asked
	layer_10: where's my coat he asked
	layer_12: where's my coat he asked

file: 6841-88294-0029.flac
expected: you had no coat when i picked you up i replied
	layer_2: you whead no co when o pit you up oureplied
	layer_4: you had no co when i pit you up o replied
	layer_6: you had no co when i pit you up i replied
	layer_8: you had no co when i pitc you up i replied
	layer_10: you had no coa when i pitted you up i replied
	layer_12: you had no co when i pitted you up i replied

file: 6841-88294-0030.flac
expected: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_2: he lookedto me modis the spicius bu didn' sanithing more he would ne enanter when a spolke to hem
	layer_4: he loked h me motis espicious but didn't sayn ything more he would ne en answer whene u spokedto him
	layer_6: he looke to me moghdy suspicious but didn't say anything more he would nevan answer when i spoke to him
	layer_8: he looked ta me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn' eveen answer when i spoke to him
	layer_10: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him
	layer_12: he looked at me mighty suspicious but didn't say anything more he wouldn't even answer when i spoke to him

file: 6841-88294-0031.flac
expected: after he'd eaten a fair meal he fell asleep
	layer_2: after he deen ho fear mail he fellsleep
	layer_4: after he deeden a fair male he fell a sleep
	layer_6: after he deeden a fair male he fell asleep
	layer_8: after he deedn't a fair mal he fell asleep
	layer_10: after he eeden't a fair mail he fell asleep
	layer_12: after he eedn't a fair mail he fell asleep

file: 6841-88294-0032.flac
expected: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_2: when a came bakt that even an the bunk osempti an he was gan
	layer_4: when i came back that even in the bunk was impty and he was gon
	layer_6: when i came back that even in te bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_8: when i came back that even an the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_10: when i came back that evenin the bunk was empty and he was gone
	layer_12: when i came back that evening the bunk was empty and he was gone

file: 6841-88294-0033.flac
expected: i didn't see him again for two days
	layer_2: ad in sem oaeganfortu days
	layer_4: idin seeme bagain fortwo days
	layer_6: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_8: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_10: i didn't seem again for two days
	layer_12: i didn't seem again for two days

file: 6841-88294-0034.flac
expected: then i caught sight of him quite a ways off
	layer_2: thin a caut sateve quet awas ou
	layer_4: then a caugt sat ofn quat aways o
	layer_6: then a caut sat om quit aways oll
	layer_8: then i caught sat him quite a ways oll
	layer_10: then i caught sit of him quite awaysoff
	layer_12: then i caught sit of him quite awayzoff

file: 6841-88294-0035.flac
expected: guess he suspicions i stole that old coat of his thinks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_2: gess esesuspicius oi sto therl cot o heas thinksi and eft wars o foundthet mo sormis ad beencorript
	layer_4: gess es suspiciers i stol theiu will codto heis thinksi and afterwards a found that myt surmis had been corept
	layer_6: guess hes suspicius i stoll thy woill cortor his thinks ie and afterwards a foud that my surmise had been corrept
	layer_8: guess he's suspicious i stol the oll corto his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been corrept
	layer_10: guess he's suspicious i stole thr old coto his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct
	layer_12: guess he's suspicious i stole thet old coto his thanks i and afterwards i found that my surmise had been correct

file: 6841-88294-0036.flac
expected: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_2: how wever he td in stay lonm an hat franof minde
	layer_4: aw wever e din't stay long in that fram of mind
	layer_6: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_8: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_10: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind
	layer_12: however he didn't stay long in that frame of mind

file: 6841-88294-0037.flac
expected: i ran up pulling my gun
	layer_2: arannou po agn
	layer_4: iaran ou purm agine
	layer_6: i ran out porm agun
	layer_8: i ran out por magun
	layer_10: i ran out po ma gun
	layer_12: i ran out po ma gun

file: 6841-88294-0038.flac
expected: the mex was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_2: amagkes weas flid uns facse is m strichd oup
	layer_4: ameks was fliht on's face is arm stritched out
	layer_6: te mex was flat onhs face his arm stritched out
	layer_8: te mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_10: mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out
	layer_12: e mix was flat on his face his arms stretched out

file: 6841-88294-0039.flac
expected: on the middle of his back knelt my one armed friend
	layer_2: on the mill of his back n el a wone arn frand
	layer_4: on the midle of his back ne my one arn frand
	layer_6: on the middle of his back nem y one arm friend
	layer_8: on the middle of his back ne my one armed friend
	layer_10: on the middle of his back knelb my one armed friend
	layer_12: on the middle of his back nelb my one armed friend

file: 6841-88294-0040.flac
expected: anyway i thrust the muzzle of my colt's into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_2: inyway athress e mozeof my coltan to the sailags face what's thes i aset
	layer_4: anyway at thruss ta mozle of my caltin to the sailorge face what's thes i esket
	layer_6: anyway a thres the muzzele of my cols in to the sailoeres face what's this i asked
	layer_8: anyway i thrust ae muzzle of my colsinto the salor's face what's this i asked
	layer_10: anyway i thrust the muzzle ofer my colds into the sailor's face what's this i asked
	layer_12: anyway i thrust the muzzle ofr my colds into the sailor's face what's this i asked

file: 6841-88294-0041.flac
expected: i ween heem at monte off antonio curvez said he
	layer_2: i wen he mid mont y of an ton youa curvis said he
	layer_4: i wn he mid montyu off an ton iyu curvis said he
	layer_6: a wn he madmonty off anton curvis said he
	layer_8: i win him imonty of antoniol curvis said he
	layer_10: a win him edmonti o antonio curvis said he
	layer_12: a win him medmonti of antonio curvis said he

file: 6841-88294-0042.flac
expected: the gleam died from his eye the snarl left his lips
	layer_2: the gleam did from his y the sawl lift his lips
	layer_4: the gleamed died from his ey the snarl lift his lips
	layer_6: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lift his lips
	layer_8: the gleam died from his eye the snarl liftd his lips
	layer_10: the gleam died from his eye the snarl lipte his lips
	layer_12: the gleam died from his eye the snar lited his lips

file: 6841-88294-0043.flac
expected: in any case he flew poco pronto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_2: and anycasey fle pokl proto leve mean moh frin t ogether
	layer_4: and any casey flew pokle proto leave me and miugh friend together
	layer_6: an any case the flew pocal proto leave me and my friend together
	layer_8: in any case he flew poco proto leaving me and my friend together
	layer_10: in any case he flew poco prato leaving me and my friend together
	layer_12: in any case he flew poco pranto leaving me and my friend together

file: 6841-88294-0044.flac
expected: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly doing odd jobs i saw him off and on
	layer_2: dren the nex wo montshe was a good dal bout tow mose doan a jobs i saw i moff anime
	layer_4: durned the next who months he was a good deal bout town mostly doan ou jobs i' saw im m offten ime
	layer_6: durnd the next who months she was a good deal about town mostly doin oud jobs i saw him offann ine
	layer_8: during the next two months she was a good deal about town mostlo doin add jobs i saw him offan in
	layer_10: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly dooin odd jobs i saw him off anine
	layer_12: during the next two months he was a good deal about town mostly dooin odd jobs i saw him off anine

file: 6841-88294-0045.flac
expected: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time almighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_2: however id in pame much atinchion to that be in athe time all mighdye bushe hold down accargams
	layer_4: however i din pay much attention to that be in at the time all mighte busy holdn don ma card games
	layer_6: however i din't pay much attention to that being at the time al mighty busy holden dowmn ma card games
	layer_8: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time al mighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_10: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games
	layer_12: however i didn't pay much attention to that being at the time all mighty busy holding down my card games

file: 6841-88294-0046.flac
expected: that's all right said i but you better stay right there
	layer_2: as all writ sid i which hu' beter stay rout ther
	layer_4: as al right said i bhuch o beter stay rout there
	layer_6: that's all right said i but you' better stay rought ther
	layer_8: that's all right said i but you'd better stay roht there
	layer_10: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there
	layer_12: that's all right said i but you'd better stay rot there

file: 6841-88294-0047.flac
expected: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_2: i wen to make up to you fre troble saity
	layer_4: i went to make up to you fore trouble si he
	layer_6: i want to make up to you for yu trouble said he
	layer_8: i want to make up to you for you trouble said he
	layer_10: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he
	layer_12: i want to make up to you for your trouble said he

file: 6841-88294-0048.flac
expected: what kind of a good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_2: r coun of goot thing ist treasur said he
	layer_4: or count of good thing ieskt treasure said he
	layer_6: o count of good thing iasked treasure said he
	layer_8: ha acount of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_10: what kind of good thing i asked treasure said he
	layer_12: hat kind of good thing i asked treasure said he

file: 6841-88294-0049.flac
expected: he looked all right enough neither drunk nor loco
	layer_2: he looked all ridinough nowthe drunt nera loko
	layer_4: he looked all ridynough now ther druntnora loko
	layer_6: he looked all right enough now the drump nor loco
	layer_8: he looked all right enough neither drumk nor loco
	layer_10: he looked all right enough neither drumk nor loco
	layer_12: he looked all right enough neither drumk nor loco

file: 6841-88294-0050.flac
expected: sit down said i over there the other side the table
	layer_2: sait oun said i over ther the othe satoethe table
	layer_4: set oun said i over there the other sit of he table
	layer_6: sat oun said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_8: set own said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_10: sit down said i over there the other side of the table
	layer_12: sit down said i over there the other side of the table

file: 6841-88294-0051.flac
expected: he did so now fire away said i
	layer_2: he did so ta farawaysad i
	layer_4: he did so a far away said i
	layer_6: he did so a far away said i
	layer_8: he did so no far away said i
	layer_10: he did so not far away said i
	layer_12: he did so not far away said i

file: 6841-88294-0052.flac
expected: and it's a big thing said handy solomon to me for they's not only gold but altar jewels and diamonds
	layer_2: and its of bigk thai said handty samatime for thes not onh gol butl altor jues and damons
	layer_4: and its o big thing said handty sole mento me for theyse not only gol but altrjewls and diamons
	layer_6: and it's of big thing said handy solomanto me for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_8: and it's a big thing said handy soleoman timmy for they's not only gol but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_10: and it's a big thing said handy solem n tomy for they's not only gold but alter jewels and diamonds
	layer_12: and it's a big thing said handy solemnon tomy for they's not only goald but alter jewels and diamonds

file: 6841-88294-0053.flac
expected: it will make us rich and a dozen like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_2: ii make as rich and a desn lihkees and ecing kist thof book on that
	layer_4: itwl make as rich and ha doesn likeus and econ kisse o book on that
	layer_6: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and noucan kissed to book on that
	layer_8: it will make us rich and i doesn't like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_10: it will make us rich and it doesn't like us and you can kiss the book on that
	layer_12: it will make us rich and it doesn't like us and you can kiss the book on that

file: 6841-88294-0054.flac
expected: that may all be true said i but why do you tell me
	layer_2: thet may all be trusad i bu whi de till me
	layer_4: thet may all be true s it i but why deteill me
	layer_6: that may all be true eaid i but why de tell me
	layer_8: that may all be true said i but why d e tell me
	layer_10: that may all be true said i but why do ye tell me
	layer_12: that may all be true said i but why do ye tell me

file: 6841-88294-0055.flac
expected: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_2: why on' to geth oue trers wit thouthe neede dovidnet
	layer_4: why do't tyo get you treser wt thout the neede devidenet
	layer_6: why don't yo get your treasure without the need of dividinat
	layer_8: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_10: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it
	layer_12: why don't you get your treasure without the need of dividing it

file: 6841-88294-0056.flac
expected: why mate he answered it's just plain gratitude
	layer_2: why mate he answered is jist plaine gratitud
	layer_4: why made he enswered is just plan grathitude
	layer_6: why made he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_8: why mad he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_10: why mad he answered is just plain gratitude
	layer_12: why mat he answered is just plain gratitude

file: 6841-88294-0057.flac
expected: didn't you save my life and nuss me and take care of me when i was nigh killed
	layer_2: din you save ma life a nust me and take carve me when i was not ulld
	layer_4: din't you save ma liufe and nust me and take careof me when i was no killd
	layer_6: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_8: didn't you save my life and nus me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_10: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed
	layer_12: didn't you save my life and nust me and take care of me when i was not killed

file: 6841-88294-0058.flac
expected: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_2: look are anderson or hand ysoman a wheatever you please o cyuself ourerejinet to this oe frigon' to do buses of me and at do not understanyat jus watity as you wane of me you'll havfth talk strat
	layer_4: look here anderson or handy solman a whatever you pleased to calyourself iur rejoint to this i foirgoi't to do busins witf me and thi do not understan yet just whatity as you want of me you'l have the talk stright
	layer_6: look here anderson or handy salomen o whatever  you please to call yourself i rejoin to this you forgoing to do busies with me and ti do not understand yet just whatit yas you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_8: look here anderson nor handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejointd to this if ho're going to do busines with me and i do not understand yet just what it iis you want of me you'll have to talk straigt
	layer_10: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight
	layer_12: look here anderson or handy solomon or whatever you please to call yourself i rejoined to this if you're going to do business with me and i do not understand yet just what it is you want of me you'll have to talk straight

file: 6841-88294-0059.flac
expected: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_2: its alver i well t sae gratitound bu thed on' go with me
	layer_4: it's ol ver will to saye gratitune but the don't go with me
	layer_6: it's all very well to sayk gratitude but tha don't go with me
	layer_8: it's all very well to say gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_10: it's all very well to sae gratitude but that don't go with me
	layer_12: it's all very well to sae gratitude but that don't go with me

file: 6841-88294-0060.flac
expected: the devil's a preacher if you ain't lost your pinfeathers said he
	layer_2: the devewas appreatureof ea lost upenfither said he
	layer_4: the deavls a preature of ne lose hupin father said he
	layer_6: the devils a preachere if ne lost u penfather said he
	layer_8: the devil's appreacher if a lost your penfeather said he
	layer_10: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your pen feather said he
	layer_12: the devil's a preacher if nay lost your pen feather said he

file: 6841-88294-0061.flac
expected: well it's this then i got to have a boat to get there and she must be stocked
	layer_2: wells this thn igot to have bo to get ther and she must be stopped
	layer_4: wells this then i got to have boat to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_6: wellds this then ie got to havea boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_8: wel's this then i' got to have a boa to get there and she must be stopped
	layer_10: well i's this then i got to have a bow to get there an she must be stopped
	layer_12: well its this then i got to have a bow to get there an she must be stopped

file: 6841-88294-0062.flac
expected: and i got to have help with the treasure if it's like this fellow said it was
	layer_2: and a got to have helup wit he treasur if i slike his fiell sait a wars
	layer_4: and a got to havf help with the treasure if hi slike his fell sait it warst
	layer_6: and i got to have help with the treasure if hesliked his fell said it wast
	layer_8: and i got to have help with the treasure if he sliked his fellow said it was
	layer_10: and i got to have help with the treasure if he sliked his fellow said it was
	layer_12: and i got to have help with the treasure if he sliked his fellows said it was

file: 6841-88294-0063.flac
expected: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got and can't get unless i let somebody in as pardner
	layer_2: is money o got to have and is moneya haven't got and cain gid an lisalit some bod ian his pardner
	layer_4: it's money a got to have and its money a haven't got and ank git and liss a lit somebodand his pardner
	layer_6: it's money i' got to have and its money a havn't got and can't get an liss a litsd somebody in his pardner
	layer_8: it's money i got to have and it's money i haven't got an can't get unless i lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_10: it's money i got to have an it's money i haven't got an kan't git unless i lit somebody in his pardner
	layer_12: it's money i got to have an it's money i haven't got an can't git un less i lit somebody in his pardner

file: 6841-88294-0064.flac
expected: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_2: whil me ast why not he retoarte
	layer_4: while me sked why not he retorted
	layer_6: why me asked why not he retorted
	layer_8: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_10: why me i asked why not he retorted
	layer_12: why me i asked why not he retorted

file: 6841-88294-0065.flac
expected: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_2: we htalk hon matter ovrad link
	layer_4: we talk the matter over ad lingth
	layer_6: we talke the matterover at length
	layer_8: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_10: we talked the matter over at length
	layer_12: we talked the matter over at length

file: 6841-88294-0066.flac
expected: i stood out for a larger party
	layer_2: astod aft for a larguparty
	layer_4: a stood af for a larger party
	layer_6: i stood af tfer a larger party
	layer_8: i stood after a larger party
	layer_10: i stood after a larger party
	layer_12: i stood after a larger party

file: 6841-88294-0067.flac
expected: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_2: he strongly apose thisas deipreci ade n the shairs but a head no intintion of gon a lon in to whit was tntcin citere o willdn dangerous country fiily we compermisd
	layer_4: he strongly apposed this as depreciat n the shairs but i head no intention of gon alone into what was thin considered of wilden dangerous country finally we compermised
	layer_6: he strongly opposed this as depreciatin the shars but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered o walden dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_8: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild an dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_10: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised
	layer_12: he strongly opposed this as depreciating the shares but i had no intention of going alone into what was then considered a wild and dangerous country finally we compromised

file: 6841-88294-0068.flac
expected: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_2: a thrt or the trsua was to goot o him a thir to me and the rest wasto beed ovode among the mn who mushoud solect this sckeaned id not he pil t him
	layer_4: ia thirt of the trasual was to go to him a thir to me and the resto was tobet eviet among the man who mushoud solect this scheme did not appille to him
	layer_6: a thirt of the trereigue was to go to him a third to me and the reste was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appill to him
	layer_8: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the man whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_10: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him
	layer_12: a third of the treasure was to go to him a third to me and the rest was to be divided among the men whom i should select this scheme did not appeal to him

file: 6841-88291-0000.flac
expected: but since there existed for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and dropped back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_2: tbe sinsther existe frus nol resmonsibility we eaach reportet dtifuly at the rol call of habit and dro bact in to ar blinkets o the greatful si
	layer_4: be sinsther existe forus nol resmonsibility weh each reportet du tifully at the roll call of habit and ro back an to our blenkits with the greatful si
	layer_6: but sincether exist to for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the rolle call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_8: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each report it dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_10: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh
	layer_12: but since there existe for us no responsibility we each reported dutifully at the roll call of habit and draw back into our blankets with a grateful sigh

file: 6841-88291-0001.flac
expected: i remember the moon sailing a good gait among apparently stationary cloudlets i recall a deep black shadow lying before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowing of cattle in the corrals
	layer_2: aremembr the mooon sailan a good gade among he parnd ly stationeary cladleds aerecall it de blcke shad a lined with fore distantsiovery moutins a glanstor ver the stark motionaous canvises each af which consilld a man the re trimbled with he bellon of catle and he corous
	layer_4: iremember the moon sailin a good gade among a paranly stationary claoudledts i recalle i deep blck shad ow lioned withfore distan silvery mountains i glanset over the starg motionalus canvises each of which consiled a man the ird trembled with the bellonmen of cattle ind the corols
	layer_6: i remember the moon sailen a good gate among apparently stationary cloddlds i recall a deep black shadow lined wbith fore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the starg motionalus canvases each of which consilled a man the air trembled with the bellomen of cattle ind the caras
	layer_8: i remember the moon sailon a good gate among apparently stationary cloudltds i recalld a deep black shadow lined bith fore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionles canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with tha bellowmen of cattle and the corrals
	layer_10: i remember the moon' sailint a good gate among apparently stationary cloudls i recall a deep black shadow lined before distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and th corrals
	layer_12: i remember the moon' sailint a good gate among apparently stationary cloudles i recall a deep black shadow lined bethfore distant silvery mountains i glanced over the stark motionless canvases each of which concealed a man the air trembled with the bellowmen of cattle and the corrals

file: 6841-88291-0002.flac
expected: seemingly but a moment later the cook's howl brought me to consciousness again
	layer_2: simmnly but oa momat late the ciooksow bru me the conscious niss agan
	layer_4: simeinly but a momet lated the cooks how brubtme to consciousness again
	layer_6: siminly but a moment later the cooks how brught me to consciousness again
	layer_8: simonly but a moment later the cookshall brought me to consciousness again
	layer_10: simonly but a moment later the cooks how brought me to consciousness again
	layer_12: simonly but a moment later the cook's how brought me to consciousness again

file: 6841-88291-0003.flac
expected: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the stray herd from the corrals to good feed three branding crews were told to brand the calves we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_2: three woeredoccare for the remota fove wer o move the stray herefrom the crous o good fed three bren crus er toldo brand the cas we hat clected in the cud ofd the aftrnone for that sikop  bout halvf the man
	layer_4: three were to care for the remota fovewer to moved the straig heard from the crowuse to good feed three brend cres ere told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the asftronoom befor that sokoebabout half the men
	layer_6: three were to care for the remuda fave were to moved the straight herd from the corows to good fied three brendn crews were told to brand the cas we had collected ind the cut of the afternoon before that took op about half the men
	layer_8: three were to care for the remoda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brandan crews were told to brand the cas we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took op about half the men
	layer_10: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brandand crews were told to bran the cals we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men
	layer_12: three were to care for the remuda five were to move the straight herd from the corrals to good feed three brandan crews were told to bran the calfs we had collected in the cut of the afternoon before that took up about half the men

file: 6841-88291-0004.flac
expected: the rest were to make a short drive in the salt grass
	layer_2: the ris were to make a showr drive an  sow grass
	layer_4: the ris wer to make a shor drive n  solt grass
	layer_6: the rist were to make a shore drive an th sad grass
	layer_8: the ris were to make a shor drive in the sald grass
	layer_10: the wrists were to make a shore drive in the sald grass
	layer_12: the wrists were to make a shore drive in the sald grass

file: 6841-88291-0005.flac
expected: we were the only ones who did go afoot however although the corrals were not more than two hundred yards distant
	layer_2: we were the on a on e ho did go of foaht however a though the crous were not more ten two hunder yoarg es distance
	layer_4: we were the on ai onc who did go ofoot however olthough the crows were not more than two hundred yardge as distance
	layer_6: we were the on o once who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yargs is distance
	layer_8: we were the only one who did go afoot however although the crows were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_10: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the crrals were not more than two hundred yards as distance
	layer_12: we were the only once who did go afoot however although the corrawls were not more than two hundred yards as distance

file: 6841-88291-0006.flac
expected: between the upright bars of greasewood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men building a fire next the fence
	layer_2: bitwen the upprap bars of greace wood with ad cee the cattl and ear the upsis sad the men build in a fir  nex the fence
	layer_4: betwen the upright bards of greaswood with cud see the cattle and ner the ops i side the men built an a fire a next the fince
	layer_6: betwen the upright bars of grese wood we could see the cattle and near the opis is side the men build in a firea next the fince
	layer_8: between the upright bars of greese wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build in a fire next the fence
	layer_10: between the uprighpt bars of grese wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build ing a fire next the fence
	layer_12: between the upright bars of grease wood we could see the cattle and near the opposite side the men build ing a fire next the fence

file: 6841-88291-0007.flac
expected: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_2: we pist oup im the wied gat in interd
	layer_4: we pushed up in the wide gate an ennered
	layer_6: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_8: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_10: we pushed open the wide gate and entered
	layer_12: we pushed open the wide gate and entered

file: 6841-88291-0008.flac
expected: one stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long j h stamping irons in his hand
	layer_2: wencted witen fotendthe finish that she f of lo jage step an irans in his hand
	layer_4: woncetoeod witen for themd te finish ta shif o lon jache stap and irons an his hand
	layer_6: whon stood witten for them to finish te shief of long jage stap ind irons in his hand
	layer_8: whone stood wittin for them to finish a shef of long jge stap n irons in his hand
	layer_10: wone stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long jh stap and irons in his hand
	layer_12: wone stood waiting for them to finish a sheaf of long gh stap and irons in his hand

file: 6841-88291-0009.flac
expected: all the rest squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_2: al the ri squat ed ontheir hils along the fince smok ad sigerets ond chatdi agether
	layer_4: all the rayst squated on their hials a long the fince smokcin sigarates and chatin agether
	layer_6: all the rase squatted on their hells along the fince smokan sigorates and chatain agether
	layer_8: all the rases squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigartes and chatin together
	layer_10: all the race squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together
	layer_12: all the race squatted on their heels along the fence smoking cigarettes and chatting together

file: 6841-88291-0010.flac
expected: the first rays of the sun slanted across in one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_2: a firis ras of the son signted o crose on one great sweep from theremod mouns
	layer_4: a firest rays otf the sun signed o crowsse and one great sweep from the remode mounis
	layer_6: a first rays of the suns signet across an one great sweep from the remode moutains
	layer_8: et first rays of the sun signed a cross i one great sweep from the remotde mountains
	layer_10: he first rays of the sun signed a cross if one great sweep from the remote mountains
	layer_12: the first rays of the sun signed a cross if one great sweep from the remote mountains

file: 6841-88291-0011.flac
expected: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle
	layer_2: homer wouldn tha nold ckelt fonthe jon rot in among the katle
	layer_4: homer wooldn a old keltfornty john rod in among the cattle
	layer_6: homer wooden an old celiforny john rod in among the cattle
	layer_8: homer wooden and old californi john rode in among the cattle
	layer_10: homer wooden and old californiea john rode in among the cattle
	layer_12: homer wooden and old california john rode in among the cattle

file: 6841-88291-0012.flac
expected: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strike to hook a big fish
	layer_2: as ha loope setled he jrk sharply upard exactl his one wouldh stricfto hook a bik fish
	layer_4: as the loop settled he jerkd sharply uppward exactly is one would strie to hook a big fish
	layer_6: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strife to hook a big fish
	layer_8: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish
	layer_10: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish
	layer_12: as the loop settled he jerked sharply upward exactly as one would strive to hook a big fish

file: 6841-88291-0013.flac
expected: homer wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and sat over in one stirrup to avoid the tightened line and to preserve the balance
	layer_2: hom te rept the roke twice were thris abut the hor and seit over in on strped ofvoe the tide lin anto preservr the bouns
	layer_4: hom ba rept the roke twice were thrice about the horn and set over and one stripped o voyd the tiden line undto preserved the boulance
	layer_6: home a rappe the roke twict or thrice about the horn and set over in one stripped avoid the tidand line and to preserve the baance
	layer_8: homa wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in once stirp tovoid the tid and line and to preserve the balance
	layer_10: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one stirp to avoid the tideand lione and to preserve the balance
	layer_12: home wrapped the rope twice or thrice about the horn and set over in one stirp to avoid the tidan line and to preserve the balance

file: 6841-88291-0014.flac
expected: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_2: no wad h pad inhe attincinto the caf
	layer_4: no wadhe paied iny attintiont to the calf
	layer_6: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_8: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_10: nobody paid any attention to the calf
	layer_12: nobody paid any attention to the calf

file: 6841-88291-0015.flac
expected: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_2: be hind im follwedt his ansious mother her had soing an from sid tosid ne the fire thoe hor stoppt
	layer_4: be hind him followed his anxious mother her had swing an from side toside ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_6: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swingend from side ta side ner the fire the horse stopped
	layer_8: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_10: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped
	layer_12: behind him followed his anxious mother her head swinging from side to side near the fire the horse stopped

file: 6841-88291-0016.flac
expected: the two bull doggers immediately pounced upon the victim
	layer_2: tha two buld ogrs i midely pounsupon he victom
	layer_4: the two bul dogrs immedely pouncs upon the victim
	layer_6: the two buldogers immeedially pouncsd upon the victim
	layer_8: the two bull dogers immediately pouncs upon the victim
	layer_10: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim
	layer_12: the two bull dogers immediately pounce upon the victim

file: 6841-88291-0017.flac
expected: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_2: it was promptly fouped over un s rigte side
	layer_4: it was promply flopped over on its right side
	layer_6: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_8: it was promptly flopped over on its right side
	layer_10: it was promptly floped over on its right side
	layer_12: it was promptly flopped over on its right side

file: 6841-88291-0018.flac
expected: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_2: this the capf was unable e struggle
	layer_4: thus the caf was unable ta strugle
	layer_6: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_8: thus the calf was unable to struggle
	layer_10: thus the kalf was unable to struggle
	layer_12: thus the kalf was unable to struggle

file: 6841-88291-0019.flac
expected: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this unnecessarily rough
	layer_2: when whanc you have had he win notdout ofe you ar raber to broken you seased a think the sonesessarily wrogh
	layer_4: when wont you have had the win nockedout of you or a riber two broken you seased a think the sunecessarily rogh
	layer_6: when want you have had the win knocked out of you or a ribb or too broken you ceased to think thisunnecessarily rough
	layer_8: when onc you have had the wind knocked out of you or a ribb or two broken you ceased to think this sunnecessarily rough
	layer_10: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this son necessarily rough
	layer_12: when once you have had the wind knocked out of you or a rib or two broken you cease to think this son necessarily rough

file: 6841-88291-0020.flac
expected: hot iron yelled one of the bull doggers
	layer_2: haht irn yold one the boold ogers
	layer_4: hat iron you'ld one of the buol d ogrs
	layer_6: hot iron yould one of the bul dagrs
	layer_8: hot iron ye eld one of the bull dogrs
	layer_10: hot iron yeled one of the bull dogers
	layer_12: hot iron yelled one of the bull dogers

file: 6841-88291-0021.flac
expected: marker yelled the other
	layer_2: marker yoll the other
	layer_4: marker yell the oter
	layer_6: marker yal the other
	layer_8: marker yeed the other
	layer_10: marker yelled the other
	layer_12: marker yelled the other

file: 6841-88291-0022.flac
expected: the brander pressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_2: the brandter pressd te airrand smotlyaginst the flink
	layer_4: the breand o pressed they iran smoodely against the flink
	layer_6: the bran opressed the irant smootly against the flank
	layer_8: the brand oppressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_10: the brand oppressed the iron smoothly against the flank
	layer_12: the brand oppressed the iron smoothly against the flank

file: 6841-88291-0023.flac
expected: perhaps the calf blatted a little as the heat scorched
	layer_2: ferhaps the cae blate  little esst that hed scortchd
	layer_4: fer haps the cat blated a little ess that heed scorched
	layer_6: perhaps the cat blated a little ass tha head scorched
	layer_8: perhaps the cat bladed a little las the heat scorched
	layer_10: perhaps the cat bladed a little as the heat scorched
	layer_12: perhaps the cat bladed a little as the heat scorched

file: 6841-88291-0024.flac
expected: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due peeling and a successful mark
	layer_2: the bran shol chery which is the proprcoloart indo kate de pelan and i s uccessful mark
	layer_4: the bran show chaery which is the propercolor t intocate do pulan and i successful mark
	layer_6: the bran show chery which is the proper color to indicate due pelan and a successful mark
	layer_8: the brand showd cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pilin and a successful mark
	layer_10: the brand showed cherry which is the proper colour to indicate due pimlon and a successful mark
	layer_12: the brand showed cherry which is the proper color to indicate due pimlon and a successful mark

file: 6841-88291-0025.flac
expected: then he nicked out a swallow tail in the other
	layer_2: hen i nied ot a swowld tell wn the other
	layer_4: then he nikedt hout a swale tell in the other
	layer_6: then he nicked out a swallow tell in the other
	layer_8: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other
	layer_10: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other
	layer_12: then he knicked out a swallow tell in the other

file: 6841-88291-0026.flac
expected: it seems to me that a great deal of unnecessary twaddle is abroad as to the extreme cruelty of branding
	layer_2: a seme so me ther greatdill  unees sir twotles browdes to the extremg crulty of brandon
	layer_4: is seem some ther great dil of unecessary twatles  brad as to the extrem cruelty of brandon
	layer_6: it seemsto meither great deal o vunnecessary twattelsbroad as to the extreme cruelity of brandon
	layer_8: it seems to methe great deal of unnecessary twaddels abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_10: it seems to meth a great deal of unnecessary twaddles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon
	layer_12: it seems to meth a great deal of unnecessary twaddles abroad as to the extreme cruelty of brandon

file: 6841-88291-0027.flac
expected: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful and could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_2: anddouthably at is to some exten painful i could somemothe methid of ready ad in ofication bedovised it myt be as wele to ae dopded n prevference
	layer_4: undoubtably itis to some extent painfuol it could somemother method of ready a dinification be tevised it mi be as wel to a doptid i preference
	layer_6: undoubtably it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready a denification be devised it migh be as wel to adopted in preference
	layer_8: undoubtebly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt et in preference
	layer_10: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference
	layer_12: undoubtedly it is to some extent painful it could some other method of ready identification be devised it might be as well to adopt it in preference

file: 6841-88291-0028.flac
expected: inextinguishable laughter followed the spread of this doctrine through arizona
	layer_2: in extinguish bl laftr falld thi spritt of his dopt on througware asowna
	layer_4: in extinguish bll laft r fall thisprt of this dopdt on through arazona
	layer_6: inextinguishble laught r fall the sprit of this docton through arizona
	layer_8: inextinguishable laught tr fall the sprit of this doptin through arazona
	layer_10: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctin through arazona
	layer_12: inextinguishable laughter fall the sprit of this doctin through arazona

file: 6841-88291-0029.flac
expected: imagine a puncher descending to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range or in a round up
	layer_2: an megon appounture tocindinto xem polightly the ertags of wil cattl on the oponrage rin around up
	layer_4: amegin a puntur descindento exem politly the eirtags of wild cattle on the open range rein around up
	layer_6: a magin a punchure doscent in to examnd politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range orein around up
	layer_8: imagine a puncher descenden to examin politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range er in around up
	layer_10: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range werein around up
	layer_12: imagine a puncher descended to examine politely the ear tags of wild cattle on the open range erein around up

file: 6841-88291-0030.flac
expected: a calf usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably goes to feeding or to looking idly about
	layer_2: a capfusually bels whem the arond bihts but a soon as release thy almost in verbly gost to feni eor to lookan idlya bout
	layer_4: a cafusually bellows when the aron bits but assoon as release he almost in veribly gos to feten or to lookan idally about
	layer_6: a calfusually bellows when the iron bites but assoon as released he almost invariably gost to feeten or to look an idily about
	layer_8: a calfusually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almost invariably gost to feedn or to look a idly about
	layer_10: a ca fusually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almosts invariably gos to fedon or to look in idly about
	layer_12: a caff usually bellows when the iron bites but as soon as released he almosts invariably gos to fedin or to look in idly about

file: 6841-88291-0031.flac
expected: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denied to those of us who have our teeth filled
	layer_2: the sids wich it hapens but wontsin alive time and his overin tin seconce accomfere did ni tod tose of verswo of had our teaeth fil
	layer_4: thesides which it happens but once on alive time and his over intin seconds accomfor did nit to those of vurs who hive had our teth field
	layer_6: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a com for did noht to those o us who have had our teeth field
	layer_8: besides which it happens but once in a live time and is over in ten seconds a comfort dedni to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_10: besides which it happens but once in a lifetime and is over in ten seconds a comfort denie to those of us who have had our teeth field
	layer_12: besides which it happens but once in a life time and is over in ten seconds a comfort deni to those of us who have had our teeth field

file: 6841-88291-0032.flac
expected: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck
	layer_2: one of the littleanimls was but a fewmonth sould so the ridre did no bo ther with hits hinlxs bu tals is lupover ids neck
	layer_4: one of the little animalst was but a few month sould so the riter did not bother with hits hine lags but tuls is lupe over its neck
	layer_6: one of the little animals was but a few monthsold so the riter did not bother with its hind ligs but tulst his loop over its neck
	layer_8: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the riter did not bother with its hind legs but tussed his loop over its neck
	layer_10: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tusse his loop over its neck
	layer_12: one of the little animals was but a few months old so the rider did not bother with its hind legs but tossed his loop over its neck

file: 6841-88291-0033.flac
expected: mister frost's bull calf alone in pictorial history shows the attitudes
	layer_2: mister frosshed bul calf alon ind pidtore of histery shals the atituds
	layer_4: mister frosed bule caf alone and picg tor of history shos the aditudes
	layer_6: mister frose buwl calf alone and pige tor o history shows the atitudes
	layer_8: mister fros's bullcalf alone and pig tora history shows the attitudes
	layer_10: mister frost's bullcalf alone in pigtoro history shows the attitudes
	layer_12: mister frost's bullcalf alone in pigtoro history shows the attitudes

file: 6841-88291-0034.flac
expected: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehending excitement and the absolute matter of fact imperturbability of horse and rider
	layer_2: and then of courset there was ta gordges contress be twen all this frintic an uncomperhinin excidment and the apsld matter of fact imn propeto bility of horsean riter
	layer_4: and then of courese there was the gordgies contras between all this frantic and uncomprhinuren eccidement and the absolupe matter of fact in perputobility of horseon riter
	layer_6: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprhinion excitement and the absolute matter of fact in prputability of horse and rider
	layer_8: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all thise frantic and uncomprehendiond excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and riter
	layer_10: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider
	layer_12: and then of course there was the gorgeous contrast between all this frantic and uncomprehended excitement and the absolute matter of fact and perputability of horse and rider

file: 6841-88291-0035.flac
expected: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beast went over promptly bit the ground with a whack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_2: as i newe was businass an ass the canfwas a smalon the little bece whene overpromptly bit the grown ot the wack and was pounsupon ind hild
	layer_4: as he knew as business and as the caf was a smallone the little best went over promply bit the ground wt the wack and was pouns upon in hiled
	layer_6: as he knew has business and as the caf was a small one the little beast went overpromptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon anhild
	layer_8: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wack and was pounced upon and held
	layer_10: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the wak and was pounced upon and held
	layer_12: as he knew his business and as the calf was a small one the little beasts went over promptly bit the ground with the whak and was pounced upon and held

file: 6841-88291-0036.flac
expected: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorously and end by struggling back to the upright
	layer_2: he would katm self on one foot scram wl vigrl lwas sly and in bustrglen backt to the ubrigt
	layer_4: he would ketch himself on one foot scraml vigere wus sly and in bu strugglen back to the upprit
	layer_6: he would kath himself on one foot scramble vigorlessly and in by strugglin back to the uprighte
	layer_8: he would catch himself on one foot scrambled vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_10: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright
	layer_12: he would catch himself on one foot scramble vigorlously and in by struggling back to the upright

file: 6841-88291-0037.flac
expected: you can imagine what happened next
	layer_2: he coln a madgen what hapa nexs
	layer_4: he can a magein what happen nex
	layer_6: he could imagin what happen next
	layer_8: ye could imagine what happened next
	layer_10: you could imagine what happened next
	layer_12: you could imagine what happened next

file: 6841-88291-0038.flac
expected: this is productive of some fun if it fails
	layer_2: this uis pr decto lofsnfon of at fails
	layer_4: this is prdectieofhsand fon of at fails
	layer_6: this is productivevsan fon of it fails
	layer_8: this is productive of s and fan of it fails
	layer_10: this is productive of and fon of it fails
	layer_12: this is productiveof and fon of it fails

file: 6841-88291-0039.flac
expected: by now the branding was in full swing
	layer_2: but nowthe brann was  for sewing
	layer_4: but now the brane was a for swin
	layer_6: but now the brandn was a for swing
	layer_8: but now the brandn was a foure swing
	layer_10: but now the brandn was a ful swing
	layer_12: but now the brandon was a full swing

file: 6841-88291-0040.flac
expected: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_2: when th newseus fell they turn in walke toware the fir as a matterof course rearely dod the cast fill
	layer_4: when the neuses fell they turn ind walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_6: when the noises fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rairely did the cast fail
	layer_8: when the nouses fell they turned and walke toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_10: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the cast fail
	layer_12: when the nooses fell they turned and walked toward the fire as a matter of course rarely did the caste fail

file: 6841-88291-0041.flac
expected: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_2: men ran to n fro busi end intent
	layer_4: men rand too anfro busiend intent
	layer_6: men ran too an fro busy and intent
	layer_8: men ran to and fro busy an intent
	layer_10: men ran to and fro busy and intent
	layer_12: men ran to and fro busy and intent

file: 6841-88291-0042.flac
expected: sometimes three or four calves were on the ground at once
	layer_2: sometimestory for cais ron the grounded wontcs
	layer_4: sometime sthroew foure cas er on the grounded once
	layer_6: sometimes thregh a four cows were on the grounded once
	layer_8: sometimes throg or four cows were on the ground atd once
	layer_10: sometimes threu or four cows were on the ground at once
	layer_12: sometimes threeh or four cows were on the ground at once

file: 6841-88291-0043.flac
expected: dust eddied and dissipated
	layer_2: thus atied disippated
	layer_4: thust atindicipated
	layer_6: dust eghted ndisipated
	layer_8: dust aidi andissipated
	layer_10: dust aidied andissipated
	layer_12: dust adied andissipated

file: 6841-88291-0044.flac
expected: no more necked calves they announced
	layer_2: nhe more ne taves they nounct
	layer_4: ne more neke taves they nounced
	layer_6: no more nek tavs theyanounced
	layer_8: no more neck tavs they announced
	layer_10: no more necke tavs they announced
	layer_12: no more necked tavs they announced

file: 6841-88291-0045.flac
expected: then he would spit on his hands and go at it alone
	layer_2: then he was spin hs hans and goited alon
	layer_4: then he wusd spill on his hands and go aiti a on
	layer_6: then he would spell on his hands and go ait ed alon
	layer_8: then he would spill on his hands and go wait it alone
	layer_10: then he would spill on his hands and go waitit alone
	layer_12: then he would spill on his hands and go waitit alone

file: 6841-88291-0046.flac
expected: if luck attended his first effort his sarcasm was profound there's yore little calf said he
	layer_2: of luck adtened his first efferet is soara casim ous pero found thereis yor litl cave sad he
	layer_4: of lucke attendted his first effort is sor casamast profound thereis your littl cavp said he
	layer_6: of luck attended his first effort is sarr casim wost profound there 's your little calf said he
	layer_8: of luck attended his first effort hissarrochasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_10: of luck attended his first effort his sarochasm was profound there's your little calf said he
	layer_12: of luck attended his first effort his sarochasm was profound there's your little calf said he

file: 6841-88291-0047.flac
expected: would you like to have me tote it to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with yore little old iron
	layer_2: which yo lackt the have me toatotoo  or dyou wrekan you coud tot o this far with you ar lit lowdirn
	layer_4: which you leck to have me to dto to you or doou reckan you could tot lof this for with you ar litle owdiron
	layer_6: woiuch you leckt to have me tot i to you or do eou recken you could tottle this far with your little od iron
	layer_8: would you licke to have me toda to you or do yu reckon you could toddle this far with your little od iron
	layer_10: would you like to have me todi to you or do you reckon you could todle this far with your little od iron
	layer_12: would you like to have me tode to you or do you reckon you could toddle this far with your little od iron

file: 6841-88291-0048.flac
expected: toward noon the work slacked
	layer_2: toward nowin the work slact
	layer_4: toward nen the work slact
	layer_6: toward new in the work slackt
	layer_8: toward non the work slacked
	layer_10: toward non the work slacked
	layer_12: toward non the work slacked

file: 6841-88291-0049.flac
expected: finally homer rode over to the cattleman and reported the branding finished
	layer_2: finely hom a road over to the calemen and reporte the brand in finishd
	layer_4: finally hommarod over to the calemen and reporte the brand in finished
	layer_6: finally homa rode over to the catlement and reported the brand an finished
	layer_8: finally homa rod over to the cattlement and reported the brandand finished
	layer_10: finally home rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brand and finished
	layer_12: finally home rode over to the cattlemen and reported the brand and finished

file: 6841-88291-0050.flac
expected: the latter counted the marks in his tally book
	layer_2: the latter cond r the marks inhis talle book
	layer_4: the later countor the moreks in his taly book
	layer_6: the latter count erf the moriks in his tally book
	layer_8: the latter counterd the moraks in his tally book
	layer_10: the latter counted the morucks in his tally book
	layer_12: the latter countered the morucks in his tally book

file: 6841-88291-0051.flac
expected: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_2: one hundred an seveny six he anounset
	layer_4: one hundred and seventhy six he enouced
	layer_6: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_8: one hundred and seventy six he announced
	layer_10: one hundrednd seventy six he announced
	layer_12: one hundred nd seventy six he announced

file: 6841-88291-0052.flac
expected: the markers squatted on their heels told over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_2: thae markcre squated on ther hels tlldove the bitsofvears they ate saved
	layer_4: the markars squated on their hiels tild over the bids o vers lhey hat saved
	layer_6: the markes squatted on their heels told over the bits of eares they ha saved
	layer_8: the markers squatted on their heels tolld over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_10: the markers squatted on their heels tolled over the bits of ears they had saved
	layer_12: the markers squatted on their heels tolled over the bits of ears they had saved

file: 6841-88291-0053.flac
expected: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_2: bthe toll a mounid to but an hundri n seveny five
	layer_4: the tol amounted to but an hundred and seveny five
	layer_6: the toble amounted to but and hundred and seventy five
	layer_8: the toale amounted to but an hundred and seventy five
	layer_10: the total amounted to but an hundred ad seventy five
	layer_12: the total amounted to but an hundred and seventy five

file: 6841-88291-0054.flac
expected: finally wooden discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_2: fon ly wooldn' to scoverdid ha s hi pocket
	layer_4: finly wooldn'ti scovered it in his hyp pocket
	layer_6: fonally wouldent discovered it in his hitp pocket
	layer_8: fonally wouldn't discovered it in his hip pocket
	layer_10: fonly wouldn' discovered it in his hit pocket
	layer_12: fonly wouldn' discovered it in his hip pocket

file: 6841-88291-0055.flac
expected: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning but did not seem to be tired
	layer_2: theyhd been do ne areslers hav you work all the mornein that did not seene to betire
	layer_4: they had been doin areselers have you work all the morn in thet did not seen to betired
	layer_6: they had been doing arrestlors heaveyo work all the morning thet did not seem to be tired
	layer_8: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning they did not seem to be tired
	layer_10: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning bhey did not seem to be tired
	layer_12: they had been doing a wrestler's heavy work all the morning bhey did not seem to be tired

file: 6841-88291-0056.flac
expected: i saw once in some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an oarsman's in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_2: a som encs os somecrank visicile culture perioutical that a caboas life was visicalyeld bounce lican orsments in thated extur sis nonly certei muses othe body
	layer_4: ia some once as some crang pisicale cultiure perioticale that a caboys life was vysically ild bounced licanorsmens in that id exuresized only certain muss of the body
	layer_6: of some once a some crank physical culture perioticl that a cawbboy's life was physically illd balanced like an orsmens in that id exerecised only certain mussles of the body
	layer_8: of some onts a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like anorsmen in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_10: of some onts a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body
	layer_12: of some onte a some crank physical culture periodical that a cowboy's life was physically ill balanced like an orsman in that it exercised only certain muscles of the body

